In short, once we have autonomous agents and yuck and yum, it appears that semantics enters the universe as the agents coevolve and behave on their own behalf with one another in the unfolding of a biosphere.
The catalytic reaction appears to be irreversible and no partial reactions have been observed [ 7 8 ] .
misrepresenting information used to calculate amounts owed under the contract 3) appears to have instigated an FBI investigation of our company regarding a pending civil and regulatory dispute.
reflecting on how psychotic I may have appeared a few hours ago.
A photograph of the candidate standing in his Army uniform next to his mother is shown, then the advertisement shifts to McCall talking about education, while images of the candidate looking at a computer screen with a small child and of him surrounded by children appear.
Finally, the committee appeared to have discounted Torricelli's contention that he was not responsible for expensive earrings that Chang had given as Christmas gifts to his sister, Stern and Balaban.
Harper stared down at her bent over stomach, where three miniscule rolls of fat had appeared.
Gum-trees or rocks (in areas of sand) appear as signs of possible water.
The boats may appear deceptively primitive, but many of them have their own electric generators and all the modern conveniences.
The story of the 509th is a tale of an elite outfit that lived in a bubble of secrecy and endured the taunts of other war-weary U.S. units that resented sharing a small Pacific island with the 509th, which appeared exempt from combat.
The overly confident, slow swagger of the pachuco, today exemplified by the cholo, made it appear in fact as if the zoot-suiter were walking on air.
This charge will appear on your statement as Social Science Electronic Publishing, our parent company.

I called up the synonyms for the adj and the following appeared:
It came in through my mother's blood; my Russian grandmother would always tell me stories, bylichkas, of ancestors with the "second sight", stupid mill owners who discovered bags of gold after letting a special fish off their hooks, and dark strangers who used to appear to help or interfere at crucial times.
>>From first reading, it appears that the step of "parsing embellishments" >e.g. superscripts, accents etc needs to happen *before* the operator >precedence parsing step.
Even Classicism, which appears at first glance to be highly regimented, is not immune.


Politicians make a point of appearing in their native dress and speaking in their native language in assembly, even if they are more at home in a business suit and speaking Spanish; indigenous identity has become a calling card to the extent that at times it appears to be a caricature of itself.
Giuliani's estrangement from his wife, Donna Hanover, is made clear in an interview with Hanover that appears in today's New York Times . Hanover "would not say whether Giuliani would run for the Senate, whether she would like him to run for Senate, or whether she would campaign for him if he did.
The stainless steel handrail highlights the solidity of the rose-colored Tennessee marble by appearing to float in mid-air, since it is supported by continuous sheets of tempered glass embedded in the floor.
I will not answer the phone for a week, no matter whose face appears on it.
It also appears in stir-frys, especially those based on pork.
Signs of even more advancement appeared halfway through the first millennium a.d. , when the Anasazi Indians inhabited the valley.
The building may appear offhanded, but there is nothing haphazard about the way it is organized.
The recently launched www.hr5034.org website is the creation of the National Beer Wholesalers Association and and appears to be the repository all the misrepresentation, ignorance and misleading ideas supporters of H.R. 5034 could possibly muster.
There are also no phrase divisions—the music simply drives forward with no pause until measure 514, where the fugato motive appears in the brass over an obvious V-I cadence, signaling the end of the movement which occurs as the motive completes.
Her suitor, Neigh, who had proposed marriage in a previous chapter, appears somewhat apprehensive at Ethelberta's suggestion.
Niel said this wasn't as simple as at first it might appear.
What happened to your post that appeared in my RSS reader yesterday?
The intention of the author appears to be {\em one\/} list, but this list is interrupted.
However, a universal encoding has begun to appear: UCS (ISO 10646).
Reduced gradient from whatever cause appears to be important, and therefore, anastomosing reaches of a river can be evidence of tectonic activity.
From our= =20 analysis of the bill, the language in AB1X appears to leave intact the=20 California PUC=01,s exclusive jurisdiction over ratemaking in California.
The second mobster expressed satisfaction with the outcome of the competition and suggested that Tokhtakhounov could call the ice dancer's "mother or the father and tell them everything will be OK" He appears to be referring to Anissina.
In the list of layout idioms I believe there is at least one missing, namely an arrow that adjusts its width to the text appearing above or below it.
The U.S. government says it wants to ensure that Iraq is not buying items that appear to be humanitarian in nature but that could be used for making weapons.
Scene: CANNIBAL ISLAND: hut [Jack is running off with the bamboo pole tied to his back] [Jack encounters the cannibal boy, standing silently with a fork and a knife, one in each hand] [Jack grabs the knife from the boy, and begins cutting his rope off] [two cannibal women appear] [Jack charges, but the bamboo pole on his back spears a coconut in a pile near the cliff edge] [Jack turns suddenly, which flings the coconut off the end of the pole into a cannibal's face] [the cannibal slowly lifts the dripping coconut off his face, scowling at Jack] Scene: CANNIBAL ISLAND: cage [the cage rolls over a ledge into a small chasm holding a river] [cannibals throw spears and shoot arrows at the men in the water, the men swim underwater] GIBBS: This way, lads!
Carl McCall" appear on the screen.
Boundaryless characteristics appear more prominently when an industry is knowledge – rather than capital-intensive or when firms operate in economic clusters.
Even if these findings are not confirmed after further study, one could still make a compelling argument that lipid-lowering therapy (barring contraindications) should be initiated early and universally in patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome: First, the long-term safety and effectiveness of statins for the secondary prevention of stable coronary disease is well-established [ 1 2 3 ] ; Second, as evidenced by MIRACL, these agents are safe when initiated at the time of hospitalization for an acute coronary syndrome; Third, the in-hospital initiation of lipid-lowering therapy appears to promote greater long-term utilization of these agents [ 18 19 20 21 ] . Finally, although lipid levels may be unreliable in the setting of an acute coronary syndrome (excepting total :HDL and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratios [ 22 ] ) the overwhelming majority of patients with coronary disease will ultimately require both pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic lipid-lowering interventions to attain recommended cholesterol targets [ 23 24 25 ] ; newer guidelines are even more stringent [ 26 ] . Furthermore, data from the recently presented Heart Protection Study suggest that clinical benefits may accrue independent of baseline cholesterol level [ 4 ] . Thus, to withhold lipid-lowering therapy from patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome would be to accept the status quo, and to date our efforts at cholesterol lowering in the secondary prevention setting have been dismal [ 27 28 ] .
Only one thing made me a little suspicious when cranking up the system: in the descriptive text that appears on the screen, the word labeled is spelt “labelled”—decidedly un-American.
Walking would appear as running, when traveling in the mirror realm, that is, if anyone in the real world was able to see them.
Pike appears undissuadable in my view.
As mentioned, the first theme, the beginning of which is reproduced in Example 8, contains two head motives: the first is the tritone-spanning ascent that appears in the first measure, and the second is an iteration of the interval cell (+5, -2, +5) that appears in the second through third measures.
However, when I highlighted antecedent , what appeared on the screen was the same list of synonyms but with antecedent missing, and preceding had reappeared.
The additional diffuse staining appeared to be in the pharyngeal mesenchyme (figure 2B).
The constant carboxyl group that appears in all conformations of sCD39 hydrolysis is likely contributed by D213 since it is close to S218.
Politicians make a point of appearing in their native dress and speaking in their native language in assembly, even if they are more at home in a business suit and speaking Spanish; indigenous identity has become a calling card to the extent that at times it appears to be a caricature of itself.
He appears to design from the outside in.
Things are not as simple as they appear.
The channel segments can be straight, meandering, or braided, and they appear to span the range of channel types.
She sidled up to me as I was scooping little round crackers and what appeared to be a baked cilantro cream dip onto a plate.
He believes native wells are essentially rock-holes (depressions in rock) buried in fairly shallow sand, which, when hollowed out by the natives, appear to be wells.
This relationship is somewhat obscured by measures 51-57 however; while there is no clear tonal center for this section, G appears in the outer voices in measure 51, although the harmonic material is reminiscent of C minor.
For once the NFL schedule-makers appeared..
In addition to the “mode”-shift, we notice that the metric dissonance shown in Examples 9 and 10 no longer appears (notice how regular the rhythm of the accompanying figure is in Example 19) and also that the written meter no longer changes.
He picked it up, rubbed it vigorously, and a genie appeared.
We focus in this chapter on situations where boundaryless career practices appear to be well established and fruitful, involving industries where open labour markets have thrived.
What computer Si has to do to abide by the external representation is the sole matter of computer Si: to appear to others as if it were using it internally.
As mentioned, the first theme, the beginning of which is reproduced in Example 8, contains two head motives: the first is the tritone-spanning ascent that appears in the first measure, and the second is an iteration of the interval cell (+5, -2, +5) that appears in the second through third measures.
Knighton and Nanson (1993) and Richards et al. (1993) suggest that this pattern is transitioned to a single channel because anastomosing rivers appear to be associated with partly blocked valleys (Smith and Smith, 1980) and tectonic uplift (Gregory and Schumm, 1987).
"Ms. Broaddrick told me Sunday that a Times reporter had appeared at the house in the a.m., and that she had refused an interview," Rabinowitz writes in an e-mail message.
This might appear as an illegal thing to do but I tell you what.
A new screen has appeared!
Watch the authors Dr. David Miller and Dr. Lovera Miller recently appearing on CBS Los Angeles: Pop Up Video
Such therapy appears to be cost effective [ 15 16 ] , especially among high risk patients and is recommended under current American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines [ 17 ] . Fourth, it may not be possible to ascertain whether these findings apply to all patients with recent acute coronary syndromes regardless of baseline lipid levels.
They appeared behind a dumpster and stepped out into the street, and then inside Montier Hotel, greeting the warmth happily.
It's hard enough listening to your wild speech without seeing it appear in the refined world of print, like a surly foreigner among a genteel crowd."
Since light travels faster than sound, isn't that why some people appear bright until you hear them speak?
Five were traditional: McKim’s pure Classicism; the Beaux-Arts French Modern; Colonial, which was associated with houses but was also appearing in larger buildings such as the Johns Hopkins University campus; Cram’s own High Gothic; and a looser interpretation of the medieval style as practiced by his partner Goodhue.
This label is e.g. printed in the article as it appears in a journal issue.
Clinical trials of weight modification interventions for older adults who were merely overweight would appear to be fruitless since the interventions would probably not have a direct effect on either YOL or YHL.
Early tales of Madame White Snake appeared in China as early as the Song Dynasty, and initially her portrayal was fairly direct, as a villainous demon who drains the life force out of her human husband.
He appears to have moved to France in 1989, according to news media reports, and is reported to have Israeli citizenship also.
These solutions appear mannered compared to the simple railing that I. M. Pei designed for the East Building of the National Gallery.
But they have chosen not to attack, perhaps because they are waiting to produce an effect even greater than the 9/11 attacks, so they do not appear to be losing strength.
The myriad interactions of a boundaryless career over a lifetime of work experiences can appear overwhelming.
When it had all burnt, a thin outline of a doorframe appeared on the wall across from our corner.
This book appears to have been diligently researched and has much to recommend it as an adjunct to most libraries, public and private, large and small, general and specialized.
In the United States, Tudor was popular in the 1900s, as was the Free Style; Cotswold and French Provincial appeared in the 1920s.
The words "His resume is an American dream," a quotation from Time magazine, appear on the screen.
We'd just appear to age slower than people not traveling as fast as us.
Now this appears to be no more as we have a stowaway aboard.
As for why she consistently gets to appear on television: She's fuckable, in that weird Sarah Palin way that makes me recoil in horror and wonder what the fuck is wrong with anyone who would touch those women with their worst enemy's cock.
The Russian, Alimzhan Tokhtakhounov, who was arrested by the Italian authorities at his resort home in Forte dei Marmi, appeared to have a singular motivation for rigging the competitions: getting a visa to return to France, where he once lived.
>Also, this will allow us to handle complex expressions appearing as >embellishments to other complex expressions correctly.
Given that the contentious statement appears in our "rationale" document, I thought it sufficiently importatn to have clarified.
The article is a classic, probably the first on the subject to appear in a scholarly journal, though there are other informal references to family language, some of which are documented by Dickson in his Bibliography.
This will not unsubscribe you from e-mail communications from third-party advertisers that may appear in MSN Feature Offers.
As much as it appeared, she wasn’t the greatest, or the purest, prettiest, or bravest.
It appears that wholesalers don't like the courts involved when the decision don't go their way.
He appears to have moved to France in 1989, according to news media reports, and is reported to have Israeli citizenship also.
According to Campbell, the only godlike female figure in the Bible is the Virgin Mary, and she appears, identified as virgin, only in the Gospel according to Luke.
The loss of cytochrome c causes a break in the electron transfer chain resulting in the production of reactive oxygen species [ 31 ] . Reactive oxygen species are known to cause the oxidation and loss of function of many lipids including cardiolipin [ 20 ] . Finally, caspases activated downstream of cytochrome c release have been implicated in mitochondrial damage [ 29 ] . It appears likely that the cumulative damage of these agents could lead to the irreversible loss of mitochondrial membrane integrity and structure.
Nevertheless, an evolutionary affinity between Cyanobacteria ( Synechocystis ) and Actinomycetes ( Mycobacterium ) appears plausible, particularly given the presence, in these bacterial groups, of well-developed and partly similar signal transduction systems [ 27 ] . The connection between two hyperthermophilic bacteria, Aquifex and Thermotoga, also has obvious biological meaning, although, in this case, particular caution is due, given the possibility of preferential horizontal gene exchange between these organisms that inhabit similar environments.
However, it does not appear closely related to Kaschgaria .
When Hera first appeared in mythology as Zeus' wife, she was also his co-sovereign, writes Graves, but as the millenniums marched on, she became subservient to him.
(Which, given that Clinton had agreed to appear for only four hours, also meant he was able to avoid some lines of questioning altogether by "eating the clock."
The judge's dismissal of that contention, writes USAT , may set the stage for Starr to force Lewinsky to "appear" before a federal grand jury.
Unlike rare mutations involving antithrombin, protein C and S, which are clearly associated with a hypercoagulable phenotype, mutations we propose to study appear to have two distinct features: i) they occur with a significantly higher frequency in many populations, and ii) they seem to contribute to a thrombophilic state in the presence of additional acquired (environmental/nutritional) or inherited (interaction with other genes) factors.
Volume II (D-H) came out in 1991, and Volume III (I-O) appeared in 1996.
In contrast, localization of Rlk does not appear to rely on tyrosine phosphorylation or kinase activity of Rlk.
Just as McCartney started rumors of his death by appearing on the Abbey Road cover without shoes and on Sergeant Pepper wearing an armband marked "OPD" (alleged to mean Officially Pronounced Dead), so did 2Pac, on his new album, slyly adopt the name "Makaveli"--like Machiavelli, who, according to 2Pac's rapping confrere Chuck D, faked his own death to fool his enemies--and pose on the cover in a crucifixion pose, suggesting he intended a resurrection.
When Atta arrived in Germany, he appeared religious, but not fanatically so.
Homomeric channel interactions have appeared as an excess of multiple openings (relative to independent channel expectations) in K +channels [ 12 ] and acetylcholine receptors [ 11 13 14 15 ] . Interaction between heterologous channels has also been demonstrated between Ca 2+and Ca 2+-activated K +channels [ 16 ] that may be explained by intracellular accumulation of Ca 2+near closely spaced channels.
(This damning detail was reported earlier in Time .) Another hobby was appearing in high-school variety shows, where he dressed as a girl--the Enquirer publishes a silly, but less than titillating, example of this proclivity.
It has remained true that the fashion model's only job is to appear in clothes; indeed, in the atmosphere in which they shine as individual stars, it's all the more important that they have no other distracting talents.
In the matrix, proline appears to be highly conserved.
While their most compelling assets are those memorable pieces of journalism that certainly won't appear anywhere else--such as last week's Globe "Then!"
We removed from further consideration any MeSH term that appeared to have no relevance to our study (for example, MeSH terms describing experimental protocols or the healthcare system).
Now, I am off to tape a cable show sponsored by the Citizens Union on the Charter-revision propositions that will be appearing on the NYC ballot in the November election.
In a preceding number of VERBATIM [XXII, 3], appeared a review article by Dr. William Brashear, of the Egyptian Museum in Berlin, of two new books dealing with the alphabet; now we have this comprehensive work on writing systems.
Though the highest-ranking CIA official ever accused of espionage, Nicholson appears to have done less damage than Aldrich Ames.
Now it appears that many of the Jewish liberals, Catholic union members, and Hispanics who had stuck with Dinkins are going to decamp in favor of a Republican with the personal appeal of a Torquemada.
Of the entries left out of the TBDNE that did appear in the previous books, none was surprising.
Both values fell as cells exited the cell cycle as indicated by lack of BrdU uptake, and by day 5, when the cultures appear confluent, essentially all cell replication had stopped (see Figure 1G,1H,1Iand Figure 4).

Since DCIP and XTT have different redox potentials, and XTT in our work appears to generally be more easily reduced by soil microbial communities, this shows a need to use more than one respiratory dye in this type of experiment.
They are constitutively permeable to water, and also function as regulated non-selective cation channels [ 10 ] when gated by intracellular cyclic GMP [ 11 12 ] . Even though only a small proportion of the AQP1 channels that are present in the membrane appear to be available for cGMP-activation of the ionic conductance (1/56,000), model-based calculations nonetheless suggest that this contribution could be meaningful in a physiological setting [ 13 ] . Unlike transporters which move substantial amounts of substrate by design, ion channels function to change membrane potential by the net movement of relatively tiny amounts of charge (~10 picomoles per cm 2membrane to generate a change of 100 mV) [ 14 ] , hence the low proportion of active AQP1 ion channels is consistent with a functional goal of gated ionic signaling that is distinct from that of massive constitutive osmotic water permeability.
Among beta-cell autoantigens, GAD65 is an important initial target of the immune response that results in beta-cell destruction and diabetes, in both humans and NOD mice [ 6 7 8 9 ] . While both humoral and cellular responses to GAD65 occur as early as 4 weeks of age in NOD mice [ 8 ] , there is considerable evidence that beta-cell-specific T H 1 cells are the effectors of T1DM, whereas T H 2 cells appear to have a protective role [ 10 ] . Accordingly, a shift of the autoimmune response from T H 1 to T H 2 predominance has represented a promising strategy for prevention of diabetes and other T H 1-mediated autoimmune diseases.
The days of instant stardom, in other words, appear to be largely over.
When Bob Woodward's byline appears on Page One of the Washington Post , it generally means: It's time to pay attention.
The first toxin-binding receptor purified from B. mori was a 120-kDa aminopeptidase N (APN), which appears around 110-kDa on SDS-PAGE gels when preparative conditions are used that cleave its glycosyl-phosphatidylinositol (GPI) anchor.
If we can sort out all the details here—no mean task—it emerges that W9 's vocabulary entries include both what I earlier called main entries (like watershed ) and what I called subentries (like waterless in CED ). But it appears that Longman's headwords are only those that are, or introduce, main entries.
The GSH biosynthesis genes, however, appear to be an optimal case for recruitment of one enzyme to catalyze a subsequent reaction.
Since neither d -tc nor [ 3H]granisetron interacts with Y142 or Y152, there appears to be a difference between the interactions formed by these antagonists compared to lerisetron.
They were advised that all 99 elevators in the North Tower appeared to be out, and there were no assurances that sprinklers or standpipes were working on upper floors.
Porphyrins and metalloporphyrins have also been shown to have antiviral activity against HIV [ 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 ] . Previous studies indicated that some porphyrins inhibit the interaction between the virus envelope protein and its receptors [ 28 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 ] . We have shown also that porphyrins block infection by HIV-1 and that this activity appears to be a result of an interaction with the envelope protein [ 38 ] . In this regard, the compounds that were active in blocking infection by HIV-1 tended to be sulfonated compounds or other negatively charged compounds.
In normal wound healing, TN appeared at days 2-3 and disappeared during remodeling which begins around day 10 after wounding.
The author does not appear to have reached serious conclusions: at the end of the book, in a short section titled Conclusion, she offers some useful observations about expressions of humor and about the difficulties encountered by a teacher of English as a foreign language in trying to impart to students the linguistic skills required to understand English literature; but these observations can scarcely be termed conclusions, for no coherent theory has actually been set forth in the book.
A faith in magic, in the spirit world, became his aesthetic: He denounced naturalism, fought George Bernard Shaw's "mechanistic" vision (he once had a dream in which Shaw appeared, clicking like a sewing-machine and smiling insanely), and proposed a poetry of dream and Celtic twilight that would shun the hustle of the world.
The d -statistic does not generally have local maxima except for Model 5. There, a local maximum appears at K = 4 clusters, but the global maximum occurs at K = 2. It can be seen that the ability of Clest to distinguish between one and two clusters is very low for Model 7; the median of the d 2 values is less than the significance cut-off d 
Seeing the picture in Washington brings out something I've always felt about this image: that the figures, especially the young man to the left wearing what appears to be a Union Army hat, look like caricatures of African-Americans.
Eventually, when no one else appeared to be descending, the ESU team exited the North Tower and ran one at a time to 6 WTC, dodging those who still were jumping from the upper floors of the North Tower by acting as spotters for each other.
According to the Pentagon, more minorities and women have been appointed to promotion boards and explicitly instructed to act as advocates for the minority and women candidates who appear before them.

Rather, they appeared to be more readily induced into proliferation, as the maximum difference in CFSE levels was already observed after one day of stimulation.
(On Late Edition , Dole and Bauer appear one after the other, and the contrast is instructive.
Most of the C-terminal mutations appear to have a dominant negative effect, as the frequency of SCEs is higher with Tet than without.
For instance, although Ahmed al Ghamdi, Hamza al Ghamdi, and Saeed al Ghamdi attended prayer services regularly and Omari often served as an imam at his mosque in Saudi Arabia, Suqami and Salem al Hazmi appeared unconcerned with religion and, contrary to Islamic law, were known to drink alcohol.
Consumption of citrus peel along with black tea appeared to be generally protective.
The essence of the financial crisis that has rocked the world in the last few weeks is this: Investors, which means anyone with money at stake, appear to have decided, once and for all, that the men who run Russia are not only corrupt but shortsightedly so--that they are looters rather than kleptocrats.
Now, it's true that Blumenthal was obviously loving the exposure, but so are about 80 percent of the people who appear in the New York Times .
Between Saturday and Tuesday, Brinkley appeared on MSNBC, Late Edition , Meet the Press , Good Morning America , Dateline , Today (twice), and NPR (twice).
[ 20] on human diploid WI-38 cells and Albrecht-Buehler and Goldman [ 21] on 3T3 fibroblasts, microextensions appeared within 20 min after seeding.
The ultimate goal of the Filegate suit appears to be to inflict this treatment on Hillary Clinton.
Attorney General Janet Reno appeared with prosecutors at a press conference and touted the findings as a victory for the American consumer.
Some wonderful legal service agencies, such as the National Association of Public Interest Lawyers, (NAPIL), at www.napil.org, have Web sites that are devoid of explanations about what public interest lawyers really do, and which appear to be so corporate in appearance that they could just as easily be an Annual Report.
"Inappropriate" easily outstripped "evil," a word that appeared in the Congressional Record a mere 250 times, though--William Bennett, Gertrude Himmelfarb, and other denouncers of moral relativism take note-- it still lagged behind "wrong," which appeared in excess of 999 times (the CR search engine doesn't count beyond three digits).
A Parisian advertising copywriter has been sentenced to eight years in prison for an ad campaign in which he premeditatedly employed an archaic tense of a verb that appears on the French Cultural Ministry's Index of Officially Proscribed Franglaisms.
Therefore, the 5% LFC model appears to be an appropriate selection criteria for the present experimental data set; however, the fold change percentage could easily be varied to meet other acceptable levels of risk, as is done with conventional hypothesis testing ( e.g. α-, p -, and χ 2-values).
As well as all the expected first names, old and new, that appear in dictionaries of this type, he includes names that are more familiar from the Bible and literature than everyday life, so that his letter G , for instance, takes in Galahad and Ganymede and his letter P Pliny and Psyche , none of which appears in the other two books.
Hispanic race/ethnicity also appeared related to hospitalization (OR, 4.0; 95% CI, 0.9-18.
But readers will be forgiven for wondering whether the firing has anything to do with a splashy New York Times front-page story that appeared two days before and identified (but did not name) a Los Alamos scientist who was believed to have passed along nuclear secrets to the Chinese.
As Mahadev, he is lord of reproduction represented by the lingam, a phallus symbol often appearing in his temples as a stump of stone rising from the female symbol, a disk called the yoni.
Therefore, mammalian COP1 appears to contain a novel nuclear import signal, composed of two clusters of positively charged amino acids bridged by a RING finger.
These results appear to support the findings of Yaoi et al.
Specifically, the agonist appears somewhat resistant to the inhibitory effect of cyclopamine and Cur61414.
A more effective approach to changing physician behavior appears to be provision of real-time education and feedback while providers are delivering care using clinical decision support.
sα i2 may exist in a state that does not interact well with βγ simply because it is in the process of being irreversibly inactivated [ 9 10 ] . Similarly, α i2 A327S appears not to be defective in its intrinsic ability to interact βγ [ 10 ] , and co-expression of βγ shifts α i2 A327S, like sα i2 , from intracellular to plasma membranes (Figure 8).
All 11 appear on the spine.
Given that many claimants had relatively low dollar amounts for claims this may not be a substantial limitation, as it appears that even in cases where minor costs were incurred, claims were reported.
Many of these neurites grew in close association, appearing to use each other as a substrate.
Much of what appears is well established; some of it is speculative, some taken from unreliable sources, and some at variance with the accepted scholarship.
"The Prince of Wales and his companion would not wish to upstage the bride and groom, and it is probable that they will make a number of appearances together, so that by the time of the wedding they will appear perfectly natural as a couple," the Times said.
It's probably just as well for the film's commercial prospects that the director, Luis Mandoki ( When a Man Loves a Woman ), does not appear to have a mind with multiple tracks.
Thus, the principal function of these proteins appears to be transcriptional regulation of viral or host genes.
GSI, which to date appears restricted to prokaryotes [ 34 ] , is involved in ammonium assimilation as part of the nitrogen-fixation pathway in rhizobia [ 35 ] . The ability to be reversibly adenylylated at Tyr397 of the active site is a characteristic of GSI.
The president of the United States suddenly appeared a short distance away, heading toward his limo.
However, the requirements now found at section 3(b)(2)(A), (D), and (E) were similarly included in the previous version of the Executive Order and it appears that the Department meets those requirements.
At the time of writing, there were a small number of genes (14) that did not appear to be expressed in the testis of either this BCA model or a second, metallothionein knockout (129SvPCJ background [ 19]), model which was also investigated.
In defining the specific categories of items, or elements, that would appear as stewardship information, the Board decided on the following:
A feature can be selected by clicking on it, at which point detailed information such as name, sequence range and score appear in the text panel at the bottom of the screen (Figure 4).
When Bin Ladin left in 1996, it appears that the Sudanese government expropriated all his assets: he left Sudan with practically nothing.
Match each cover story with the magazine in which it appears.
The quantity of LH secreted by the anterior pituitary gland is the outcome of an interaction between the amount of hypothalamic GnRH secretion and the level of gonadotrope responsiveness to GnRH [ 7 ] . Quantitatively, gonadotrope responsiveness is more important than the level of GnRH secretion; for example, during the estrogen-stimulated preovulatory surge of LH secretion in the rat there is a 5-fold increase in GnRH secretion but a 50-fold increase in LH secretion [ 7 ] . Moreover, a quantity of GnRH that will evoke a normal preovulatory LH surge during the period preceding ovulation will induce only a small increase in LH secretion at other stages of the estrous cycle [ 7 ] . Similarly, termination of the preovulatory LH surge appears to be due to desensitization of the gonadotrope to GnRH action; in the sheep, a decrease in LH secretion precedes the decrease in GnRH secretion [ 41 ] , whereas in the rat, although the decrease in GnRH and LH secretion are co-incident [ 7 ] , there is evidence that the gonadotrope is already desensitized to GnRH [ 42 43 ] .
The superficial layer of the urothelium showed slight MIF immunostaining but also showed areas that appeared clear of MIF staining (Fig 1B).
In winter, Málaga’s symphony orchestra performs in the Teatro Cervantes theater, and guest artists appear at Castillo El Bil-Bil in Benalmádena-Costa.
These haplotypes appear to be the result of two separate crossover events, one of which is just proximal to a particular marker and the other just distal to the same marker.
Further understanding of LHC assembly requires a better knowledge of the characteristics of the reaction catalyzed by Chl(ide) a oxidase and whether Chl b is restricted to these complexes because LHCP serves as a specific effector of the oxidation of Chl(ide) a or whether the protein simply provides binding sites for Chl b and prevents its conversion back to Chl a [ 45 ] . The latter appears less likely as a specific effect, because similar ligands should occur in other proteins.
For example, the decision of whether or not to use hormone replacement therapy (HRT) after menopause involves weighing the benefits of treatment (immediate symptom relief, [ 12 ] decreased future risk of hip fracture [ 13 ] and possible decreased risk of coronary heart disease [ 14 15 ] ) against its risks (increased future risk of breast cancer [ 15 ] ). Framing effects appear to be smaller when both the beneficial and harmful effects of a treatment are included, [ 16 ] but little information is available to guide clinicians about how to explain complex risk information to their patients.
It appears that just when we were finally settling down to remember that certain people want to be called black (rather than colored or Negro ), they change their minds and now want to be called “African Americans,” while those who are not yellow or red or some other color are to be termed “non-African-American” or “non-American-Indian.”
DGC cDNA clones that appeared to contradict other evidence were also flagged; most frequently, these were not full-length or appeared to contain intronic sequences.
Those days, it appears, are gone.
Our laboratory has previously reported [ 11 13 ] that 5-opioids induce tyrosine phosphorylation of the δ-OR, and it appears that this is catalyzed by the non-receptor tyrosine kinase Src.
GFP-MHCK-C, however, displays no sign of furrow localization until the late stage of cytokinesis, when it suddenly appears at the posterior region of the daughter cells and stays for the duration of cell division (D).
a) "One bomb appeared to be seduced off target at the final stages."
As the incredible box-office numbers for the trilogy's re-release showed, there are millions upon millions of American children, born a decade or more after Luke Skywalker first appeared, who nonetheless see him as their hero.
As no one appears to use the pronunciations anyway, they matter little.
In a legal sense, the Jones proceeding is an apple to Starr's orange, claims Charles Krauthammer ( Inside Washington ). Most pundits point out--sometimes ominously, sometimes dismissively--that no one has seen Starr's cards: They may show "Lizzie Borden in drag" (Shields, PBS's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ). Three conservatives proclaim their confidence that Starr holds enough to undo Clinton's presidency (Robert Novak, Capital Gang ; Fred Barnes and John McLaughlin, The McLaughlin Group ). Stuart Taylor wrote as much this week in the National Journal and appears on This Week to reprise the point.
This event appears to signal a leveling-off or decline in household-level use of USPS postal delivery services
But the "CEOs are spoiled children whose main talent consists of yelling and screaming until they get what they want, even at the cost of others' well-being" is strange, particularly since all the children in the game who have got seats appear to have got them by dint of hard work and/or sharp tactics.
We checked annotations that overlapped transposable elements and tRNA genes, or appeared multiple times in the genome with duplicate identifiers.
Hence, it appears likely that the proportion of LC to AO mail is less for inbound mail than for outbound.
To David L. Gold's comments [XVIII, 1] on Leslie Dunkling's review of A Dictionary of Surnames [XVII, 4, 11] I would like to add one remark: not only is the list of the author's personal acknowledgments far longer than their bibliography of printed sources consulted (as Gold notes), but even if a certain work appears in the bibliography, that does not necessarily mean they relied on it.
Although patches of increased GFAP immunoreactivity appeared in the crushed tissue, these were likely due to increased accessibility and density of GFAP caused by crushing.
Such internalization events appear to contribute substantially to the infectivity enhancement by virus-microbead conjugates.
Nevertheless, because the origin of many of the nematode HGT candidates appeared to be rhizobial, we wished to investigate the organization of the bacterial homologs.
Indeed, serious bleeding events in drotrecogin alfa (activated) patients appear to be associated with severe thrombocytopenia, suggesting that this characteristic may be a risk factor for bleeding complications.
The Post editorial and op-ed pages are so evenhanded that if Scotty Reston were resurrected, his soft gas would appear there, alongside that of Jim Hoagland.
Items that appear frequently in sources of different types are included; items less frequent or more restricted in their distribution are kept out.
His articles, “On Language,’ have appeared weekly (except when he was taking a holiday) in The New York Times Magazine since 1979.
This may result from incomplete centromeric sequencing and assembly, so that a large centromeric gap might not appear as such.
The Karnofsky scale is designed to assess independent functioning and appears to have substantial validity as an indicator of overall physical status.
Its principal function appears to be the conservation of body calcium stores in certain physiologic states such as growth, pregnancy and lactation, and the maintenance of bone mineral in emergency situations by means of attenuation of the activity of osteoclasts [ 14].
Whereas noncovalent interactions appear to be the predominant mechanism for oligonucleotide attachment, covalent linkage is likely to have an important supplementary role in UV-irradiated microarrays.
Since BDNF appears to be exclusively produced by hair cells [ 6 7 20 ] , the lack of terminal differentiation of hair cells appears to be accompanied by only limited expression of BDNF, as is the case in the canal cristae (Fig.
Therefore the 1B4 provirus appeared to integrate 159 nucleotides into an intron of the hnRNP A2/B1 gene.
The class of onomatopoeic and reduplicative terms for spoken language is large : blather, buzz-buzz, chitchat, fiddle-faddle, jibber-jabber, yakety-yak, yuk-yuk . The earliest appearances of something resembling yadda yadda yadda in print derive from its use in sound-symbolic fashion, as in this exchange from a short story (about anthropomorphic ducks) appearing in a 1949 issue of the Saturday Evening Post :
These factors appear to strip such words of proper status.
For example, some age groups appear to be more susceptible to air pollution than others (e.g.
CXCR4 and CCR5, binding sites obstructed, while sites involved in association with CD4 appeared unaffected.
The Miller imbroglio and the assault on Bin Laden would appear to have nothing in common, but they both illustrate a peculiar development in American foreign policy: James Bondification.
Early studies, in which transplanted embryonic neurons extended parallel axons within white matter, appeared to be inconsistent with this hypothesis [ 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29].
He appears on three Sunday morning shows ( This Week , Meet the Press , and Fox News Sunday )--none of which interviews a supporter of art subsidies.
The elderly widow (Myra Carter) has discovered in a safe an 8 millimeter film that appears to document the murder of a young woman.
As structures grow larger and become multiclonal they no longer appear to be dominated by fluid currents and as their density in the population decreases chance positioning by convection becomes less likely.
The school's staff appears quite professional and the students reasonably fed.
And then out of Owens' offbeat past appear his 10-year-old daughter, Jane, and her mother, Mary di Natali, whom he once urged to get an abortion and has since done his best to forget.
PMT voltage of the FL2 detector was set high enough to minimize the number of FL2-width events appearing in channel 1. Regions R1, R2 and R3 were drawn to exclude debris (Fig 8G), dead cells (Fig 8A,8B,8C) and cellular aggregates (Fig 8D,8E,8F).
Instead, it appeared that the initial activation of cellular competence triggered by the mitogenic lectins was amplified by the LAF activity, which became known later as IL-1, and led to the secretion of the lymphocyte-derived IL-2 and the expression of IL-2Rs [ 14 15 ] . The subsequent interaction of IL-2 with the IL-2Rs then stimulated blastic transformation and progression through G 1 and into the S phase of the cell cycle, followed by mitosis [ 16 ] . Furthermore, detailed studies indicated that successful activation of the IL-2R is a quantal (i.e.
Identify the system life used as a basis for evaluating alternatives and determine whether it appears realistic in light of user needs, expected changes in the technology, expected availability of maintenance and other support, and the time needed to prepare subsequent acquisitions.
However, some taste cells appeared to differ in the degree of labeling for each antibody, with some cells showing more intense label for IP 3 R3 and others for PLCβ2.
Apoptotic nuclei appear as dark brown.
Although these predicted HhH modules are very divergent in sequence from the typical versions, the hairpin in both HhH modules of the RAD52 family proteins is bounded by small residues, typically glycine; this conforms to the signature motif characteristic of the classical HhH modules [ 28 29 ] . However, in the case of the RAD52 superfamily the predicted HhH modules appear to have been welded into a large globular superstructure that maintained its evolutionary distinctness over time.
The situation in the utricle, saccule and cochlea is less clear as both BDNF and NT-3 are expressed [ 6 7 ] . In fact, it appears that the levels of NT-3 expression hardly differ from those in control littermates (Figs.
I vaguely recalled something about her appearing in Vogue recently, but this was less a fashion makeover and more a transmogrification.
NATO will have a rough road "making new friends out of old enemies," and sharing government information with the Czechs, Poles, and Hungarians will prove "a prickly issue for some time to come, no matter how trustworthy Prague, Warsaw and Budapest appear to be."
Gove did not participate in the planning or appear on the program, although two of his colleagues gave papers, Woolf on defining and Artin on pronunciation.
Since the FtsZ protofilament appears to be a homolog of the tubulin protofilament [ 2, 11] we will use these same designations for FtsZ.
Microbreweries have also appeared in Dublin, and sell their excellent beers at the Dublin Brewing Company (North King Street) and Porterhouse Brewing Company (Parliament Street).
Such analyses of gp120 and its V regions indicate that replacement mutations are generally over-represented in this protein and thus appear to confer selective advantage to HIV-1 [ 22, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 32, 33, 34, 35].
Immune dysregulation appears to play a key pathogenic role, as circulating autoantibodies are common in patients with certain JRA clinical subtypes [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ] . Two recent studies have shown a highly significant association between early-onset pauciarticular JRA and circulating antibodies to the 43-kDa nuclear protein DEK [ 8 9 ] . Although circulating DEK antibodies have subsequently been found in children and adults with other autoimmune diseases [ 10 11 ] , these two studies did reveal that children with JRA are significantly more likely to have anti-DEK antibodies than are children without rheumatic disease.
Even the warmest-hearted clerk can appear aloof towards customers that are dressed poorly.
Despite this, the majority of the microarray elements appeared to be expressed in both organs.
There Hazmi and Mihdhar greeted various individuals whom they appeared to have met previously, including a man named "Khallam."
Barbara Mikulski of Maryland to Clinton as he appeared with her at an event on Thursday: "You and the first lady weren't exactly angelic a couple of years ago.
First, net1(7m) and net1(19m') mutants exerted a modest effect on release of Cdc14 from the nucleolus, in that ~40% of cells with long mitotic spindles retained focal localization of Cdc14 and that both net1 phospho-site mutants displayed a modest defect in 'Cdc14 early anaphase release' (FEAR; [ 26 ] ). Second, net1(19m') showed a synthetic growth defect when combined with dbf2-1 or the msd2-1 allele of CDC5 . Third, phosphorylation site mapping of Net1 purified from arrested cdc14-1 cells (WS and SC, unpublished data) revealed that at least one (S231) of the five in vivo phosphorylation sites in the first 341 amino acids was directly phosphorylated by Cdc5 in vitro . Nevertheless, because expression of neither Net1(7m) nor Net1(19m') had a major impact on exit from mitosis, any direct effect of Cdc5 on Net1 appears to be minor, and the requirement for Cdc5 in the release of Cdc14 might arise principally from phosphorylation of other release-promoting proteins.
Kristol repeated this, almost verbatim, in a "Memo to Bill Bradley" that appeared in the issue of Newsweek that hit newsstands the following day:
The AMA's goal this week was to increase its bargaining power without appearing to be that special interest.
Where the placa appears signifies that territory as belonging to that gang, and it may also serve as a challenge to other gangs.
This lack of agreement does not appear to be impacted by geographic practice location but rather is likely a more global clinical issue.
General knowledge that these air rescues had occurred appears to have left a number of civilians who worked in the Twin Towers with the false impression that helicopter rescues were part of the WTC evacuation plan and that rescue from the roof was a viable, if not favored, option for those who worked on upper floors.
When his friends appear on his show, they get treated no better than some war criminal with whom he is not acquainted.
Otherwise, Republicans are in danger of appearing isolationist.
Walter W. Skeat, surely one of the greatest linguists of all time and an outstanding innovator of his day (late 19th century), was often given to testy replies when a correspondent to Notes and Queries either disagreed with him or speculated on the etymology of a word without having first looked it up in one of Skeat's works or, if the alphabetic section had appeared, in the Oxford English Dictionary . He was often nasty; but toward the latter part of the 1890s the crust softened, and he mellowed a bit.
Although we were able to manipulate the HVAC system in Building 2, it appears that we were never able to alter the CO 2 concentrations in the building.
Nude girls representing Truth and Virtue began to appear on public monuments.
If any cage appeared soiled between scheduled changes, the mice were placed in a clean cage.
Ibuprofen appears to increase short-term survival due to its positive effect on various physiological parameters.
In my opinion, the proper route to appearing more alpha is not earth tones, as suggested, but would be for him to wear a leather jacket, suck on a cigarette butt, and make a bunch of appointments to meet with women's groups that he suddenly cancels at the very last second without offering an explanation.
What had appeared in person to be a loose gathering now looked like the altar of a Mexican church on All Saints' Day.
This analysis showed that when two different intrastrain sequences (for example, in the D2 strain) were detected, the correct sequence was always identical to the other strain (for example, B6), so that no interstrain variant appeared at that position.
Turns out that there's a virtually identical 54-word passage appearing in both the NYT obit, running over the byline of Alessandra Stanley, and in the WP obit, credited to "News Services."
No primary targets appeared.
Whereas little girls and babies appear on toilet paper wrappers, paper towel packages depict beefy, brawny guys, indicating their toughness.
However, only the proximal ~20 amino acids of the C-terminal tail appear to be involved in G protein coupling.
The murine ATM proteins from C2C12 and 10T 1/2 cells were significantly different in size and there appeared to be two species of ATM proteins in murine cells.
Thomas L. Dunne, the editor at St. Martin's Press under whose imprint Fortunate Son appears, has taken this position explicitly in the past.
At progressively lower concentrations, the color of the spots appeared more yellow, and at the lowest concentration of 1.6 ng/ml (Figure 1panel 3 for anti-Flag and Figure 1panel 6 for anti-IgG), the spots appeared green.
Many readers will recall with pleasure Leo Rosten's THE EDUCATION OF H*Y*M*A*N K*A*P*L*A*N , which appeared in the late 1930s and early 40s and which dealt with the amusing difficulties of a Jewish immigrant from the Russian Pale of Settlement in coping with what we now call “English as a second language.”
Tuscan painter Simone Martini has decorated the St. Martin Chapel (first left) with exquisite frescoes, including a most aristocratic Jesus appearing in St. Martin’s dream.
The situation is changing somewhat, but it appears that major development won’t be permitted.
However, this does not appear to be the case for mefloquine, since NG108 cells and primary embryonic rat neurons appear similarly susceptible to the drug (Figure 1).
A summary of test sequences appears in Table 3. All test sequences obtained using the procedure described above are available as additional files.
5A), which appeared negative in propidium iodide staining (Fig.
We assessed the sizes of intercistronic regions and the number of ATGs in these regions, and found that there are seven pairs of dicistronic genes that appear to conform to this pattern (indicated in Supplementary Table 3).
In Northamptonshire, Jeremy Seabrook reported in The Unprivileged that his mother would use terms that appear in Chaucer but have long vanished from Received English.
If they were also cholinergic they appeared blue under epifluorescent illumination.
Born on a Normandy farm, the only child of a cattle breeder, Léger never lost a palpable nostalgia for the countryside, reminders of which appear in some of his most urban paintings--such as the incongruous tree branches on the elevated platform in Construction Workers of 1950.
Among these 19 genes, those for NKG5, T-cell receptor α chain, and HLA class II related transcripts appeared of particular interest because they have been found to be upregulated in the context of acute rejection of renal allografts [ 23, 24].
In addition, gustatory nerve fibers did not appear to be labeled.
Also, there does not appear to be differential recall with respect to sexual and other potential fecal exposures.
In , Louise, a sort of surrogate sister to Degas, appears to have fallen asleep, while the lamp to the right blooms like her dream world.
Therefore, a spinal site mediating the effects of clozapine on the amplitude of high frequency oscillations appears likely.
The superficial spin: It's not fair to let her testify, since she failed to appear in previous hearings.
Interestingly, the pR appears to be a doublet band whose relative concentrations remain almost unchanged during purification.
In the first place, with all the new dictionaries published since 1960 and the updatings and revisions of existing works that continue to appear, both in the US and the UK, it is difficult to see why Green chose to go back to 1960 as a point of departure, unless one takes into account the publication of the Barnhart Dictionary of New English Since 1963 (1973) and its second edition (1980) and assumes that this book was intended to compete with them; certainly, Neologisms hasn't patch on Barnhart's books.
The available research regarding cognitive function and phytoestrogens suggests that large amounts of phytoestrogens, consumed as tofu, have an adverse influence on cognitive ability in men, where decreased brain weight, increased ventricular size and dementia have been reported [ 44 ] . In ovariectomized female rats, on the other hand, phytoestrogen treatments resulted in a dose-dependent improvement of VSM [ 45 ] . This improvement in cognitive ability in phytoestrogen treated females may be due in part to the increased presence of choline acetyltransferase messenger RNA in the frontal cortex, which has been shown to be associated with protection and enhancement of cognitive function [ 45 ] . Furthermore, we have shown that phytoestrogens significantly affect the brain calcium-binding protein calbindin (CALB), which acts as a buffer by binding intracellular calcium and plays an important role in mediating cell proliferation, programmed cell death (apoptosis), and neurotoxicity [ 48 49 50 51 52 ] . This neuroprotective mechanism via CALB appears to be important in neurological disorders such as Parkinson's disease and Huntington's disease [ 48 49 50 51 52 ] . Additionally, Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) seems to play an important role in mediating functional neuronal maturation and responses to certain stimuli in the brain [ 53 54 55 ] . The expression of COX-2 is associated with key pathophysiologic events in Alzheimer's disease: deposition of beta-amyloid protein in neuritic plaques within the hippocampus and cortex [ 53 54 55 ] . Of particular importance to this study is the fact that COX-2 has been shown to be influenced by steroidal hormones [ 53 54 55 ] . Therefore, the expression of COX-2 in the frontal cortex may also be hormonally regulated and relevant to cognitive decline.
The final two Taxol conformers included in our dataset, 6 and 7 , appear together in the unit cell of an X-ray crystal structure determination.
Altered vascular function in older individuals is evidenced as impaired endothelial function [ 8 9 10 ] , an altered ratio of endothelin receptors [ 11 ] , and/or altered reactivity of the smooth muscle to sympathetic activity [ 7 12 ] . Reduced endothelial function is related to impaired formation and decreased activation of nitric oxide [ 13 14 ] and is particularly prominent in older subjects with evidence of cardiovascular disease [ 15 ] , diabetes [ 16 ] , or obesity [ 17 ] . Interestingly, aging does not appear to effect endothelium independent vasodilation [ 10 14 ] .
The dense areas appeared to be slightly smaller with increasing soy intake, but the trend test was not significant.
There appears to be no single therapeutic regimen or combination of therapies that has consistently been associated with sustained improvement (i.e.
In humans only AQP1 appears to be widely distributed in different tissues (although several other AQPs are expressed as rare transcripts in various tissues), whereas the data in Table 2show that, in plants, most AQPs are expressed at significant levels in multiple tissue types.
[ 17 ] Although statistical comparison could not be performed due to the much higher rate of diabetes among renal transplant recipients than in the general population, the rates of diabetic ketoacidosis and hyperglycemic hyperosmolar syndrome in renal transplant recipients appear to be substantially higher than for either diabetic patients or for the general population, after excluding patients with combined kidney-pancreas transplants.
The presence of branched fy hairs was reported previously [ 15 ] . Thus the phenotypic difference between the effects on laterals and hairs appears quantitative and not qualitative.
This holds the venerated 14th-century terracotta image of the Virgen de las Nieves, which relates to an ancient miracle when the Virgin appeared in Rome during August snow.
Interestingly, although lamina propria of ectocervix showed the presence of primitive (CD14) moderately (HLA-DR) and well differentiated MDC (CD68), the monocyte-derived cells entering epithelium appear to initiate a new differentiation associated with CD1a expression and HLA-DR and CD68 secretion.
Beyond these groupings, the tree appeared conservative in the sense that the unassigned bacterial species formed separate branches near the root of the bacterial subtree.
I kept hoping that John Cleese would appear out of nowhere, and say, in the high dudgeon of his Dead Parrot routine, 'They're dead!
The young court ladies in Elizabeth appear in their natural hair and skin, wearing modern-looking Renaissancey garments that run to becomingly mobile and flowing silk dresses with smoothly boned bodices.
HSP70 is one of the first genes to be expressed following zygotic gene activation in the two-cell mouse embryo [ 38 39 40 ] and appears to play a role in developmental processes in a number of species [ 50 51 52 53 ] . Endogenous HSP90 has also been implicated in developmental regulation in the mouse [ 52 ] , and GRP78 is described as having a stress-response function during avian development [ 54 ] . Activation of the zygotic genome initiates an accumulation of embryonic transcripts in the early two-cell embryo, and this likely requires machinery to ensure the accurate translation and folding of nascent proteins.
Broaddrick told me Sunday that a Times reporter had appeared at the house in the a.m., and that she had refused an interview," Rabinowitz writes in an e-mail message.
Before the early 1700s, when horses appeared on the scene, guile was more important than speed, and hunters stalked the buffalo herd disguised with the skins of wolf and buffalo calves.
IL-10 produced by macrophages and monocytes appears to limit chronic inflammation [ 16 17 18 ] , through a decreased release of inflammatory factors (IL-1, IL-6, IL-12, TNF-α, GM-CSF, GCSF), suppression of adhesive determinants (MHC class II molecule, β7), and by blocking ICAM-1 induction [ 19 20 21 22 23 24 ] .
In this regard, loop diuretics appear to be more effective and less toxic when given as a continuous infusion rather than as a bolus.
Untreated children and adults with cystic fibrosis excrete amounts of fecal bile acids similar to patients with ileal resections [ 20 21 ] . Based on kinetic studies, this increased fecal loss appears to be secondary to an interrupted enterohepatic circulation of bile acids [ 20 21 ] . Bile acid malabsorption in cystic fibrosis appears to be due in part to diminished secretion of pancreatic enzymes and the presence of un-hydrolyzed triglycerides.
In contrast, BCR-mediated activation of Lyn kinase was largely maintained [ 37 38 ] . The Syk-dependent signaling pathway appears to be facilitated by the adaptor molecule BLNK (also known as SLP-65 and BASH) [ 39 40 41 ] . Syk can induce the phosphorylation of BLNK in co-transfection experiments [ 42 ] , which may be important for the recruitment of other Syk substrates like PLCγ2 through a scaffolding function [ 42 ] . BLNK function is necessary for signal transduction since no Ca 2+flux or PLCγ2 phosphorylation is observed in response to BCR engagement in BLNK-deficient DT40 cells [ 43 ] .
Importantly the estimated TPR for mammography is not likely to be affected by overdiagnosis, which means that some screening-detected cancers would never have caused medical problems during the patient's life [ 11 ] . This would make the biomarker appear more promising than actually the case.
Therefore, IDO expression appeared to be induced by reattachment, rather than detachment from a previous substrate.
While this subunit is clearly non-essential for activation of the L-type Ca 2+channel and for triggering skeletal-type EC coupling, γ 1 appears to specifically modulate the Ca 2+channel function of the skeletal DHPR.
In fact, the oil companies appear to be planning on prices between $20 and $25 a barrel, which would mean that while filling up your tank is going to be more expensive than it was nine months ago, any inflationary impact from oil prices will be seriously muted.
The first Peanuts appeared Oct., 2, 1950.
These cells appeared as clusters of about 3-5 cells, located midway between adjacent somite borders, consistent with the normal position of CaP and VaP motor neurons.
Moreover, normal cellular controls on cell-cycle progression appears to be dysregulated by HIV-1 expression because cell-cell contact and differentiation, events that normally lead to the down-regulation of cyclin D 1 expression [ 25 ] , did not significantly alter cyclin D 1 protein levels in HIV-1 infected podocytes.
Examining charges appears to be somewhat misleading because for any one given resource they seem to bear little relationship to the cost, and are also widely variable between institutions [ 36].
To hold steady, "inappropriate " would have had to appear 412 times.
Of course, there are words that are pronounced and stressed exactly alike in both syntactical uses: accord, control, decree, dismay, et al.; but these words appear to be in the minority.
There appears to be a stoichiomatric relationship between these three proteins, since the relative levels of these three proteins influence the interaction properties (Fig.
They do not appear to do much rambling.
I hope so, although I was not heartened by an article I read this morning in the Los Angeles Times about the fact that despite numerous hate crimes laws on the books, few are being implemented by police, who appear to decline to report obvious hate crimes as such.
There is, the narrator answers as the HRC logo (a yellow equal sign, re-emphasizing how mainstream this cause is) appears on-screen: Call the Human Rights Campaign, toll free.
Tone it down a tad, or at least bring a froth cup when you appear before cameras.)
Although the Post didn't mention it, the story had already appeared in the San Francisco Chronicle , and before that in the on-line version of the NYT and (on the same day) at www.news.com and before that, in the Honolulu Star-Bulletin , which--for now--should be credited with the scoop.
The piece notes that three days before the Indian explosions, a satellite recorded bulldozers appearing near the test site, but that this didn't set off any alarm bells.
This weekend, various senators appeared on television to explain why witnesses should or should not testify at President Clinton's trial.
The good news: 1) The most widespread flu strains are covered by the current vaccine; and 2) new medications are effective if taken immediately after symptoms appear.
Of course, these words appear simply as large colored letters within a given frame, but if you have ever read a comic book to a young audience perched on your lap, you have had to figure out a pronunciation key.
A woman dressed in a blue veil or the blue habit of a nun who appeared to help the sick and the afflicted during the seventeenth century.
Special Operations Forces were later told that they might be ordered to attempt very high-risk in-and-out raids either in Khartoum, to capture a senior Bin Ladin operative known as Abu Hafs the Mauritanian- who appeared to be engineering some of the plots-or in Kandahar, to capture Bin Ladin himself.
These financial facilitators also appeared to rely heavily on certain imams at mosques who were willing to divert zakat donations to al Qaeda's cause.
Even when E. coli was grown at lower temperatures, processing of the intein and religation of the exteins appeared 100% efficient.
The NBs appear to be regulatory depots for BLM
Because bootstrap analysis using ML is not computationally feasible for large data sets [ 85 ] , we conducted a Bayesian analysis as an alternative employing optimization parameters similar to the nucleotide substitution model that we used for ML [ 86 87 ] . The distinction between ML and Bayesian inference is that Bayesian provides probabilities for hypotheses, not probabilities of data given a hypothesis [ 85 87 88 ] . Bayesian analysis uses Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods to approximate posterior probability distributions that are a direct estimation of branch support because they are the true probabilities of the resulting clades under the assumed models, unlike bootstrap values [ 87 88 ] . Additionally, bootstrap values and posterior probabilities derived from Bayesian analyses for multiple data sets appear to be correlated [ 88 ] . The Bayesian analysis was conducted with the software MrBayes 2.0 [ 89 ] . A GTR substitution model with 6 rate frequencies was selected as the most similar model to the Trn+G substitution model (the latter model is not available in MrBayes).
In analyses of the 18S rRNA gene, nematodes typically appear basal to arthropods + vertebrates.
Our results show substantial nucleotide identity above even that reported previously in the literature [ 2 3 4 ] . Paradoxically, the overall nucleotide identity between these phenotypically distinct mycobacteria appears similar to that observed with two phenotypically identical Helicobacter pylori isolates at ≥98% nucleotide identity [ 28 ] .
During this time, many β-gal +neurons appeared to either die or cease expression of the foreign gene.
2A,2B,2C,2D), most of which appear to be associated with membranes (Fig.
Capsular melanocytic nevi appear to be the most significant benign lesion that could pose a diagnostic challenge in the interpretation of melanoma micrometastases in sentinel lymph nodes.
The minimal RNA polymerase seems to be represented by the predicted catalytic core of Cgl1702, which appears to consist entirely of the β-type and β'-type DPBBs, in this case juxtaposed in the same polypeptide.
Some of these residents appear to postpone or avoid potentially goal-defining conversations with patients and families if the chance for immediate death seems unlikely or remote.
The overall mean concentration values appear to cluster, with the black/brown hair contrast showing no significant difference, and blond/gray contrast showing no significant difference.
The tryptophan operons appear to be nested within what could be a larger unit of transcription that is reminiscent of what has been called a supraoperon in Bacillus subtilis [ 24].
While it appears likely that trpR , aryl-CoA ligase, trpAa and trpAb belong to a common functional unit, the possible roles of the remaining three genes downstream of acl are problematic at the present time.
The findings from these two surveys appear consistent with the results of an American Express survey of business travel management, reported in July 1999 by Business Travel News, a business travel industry publication.
The WorldCom failure appears to be a simple matter of not following basic accounting principles in connection with capitalizing versus expensing certain items.
I am pleased to appear before you today to discuss the work of the General Accounting Office (GAO).
In spite of this investment, productivity appears to have increased only in response to hiring freezes, or reductions in the average wage and fringe benefit package caused by special circumstances.
At times Kuala Lumpur — often referred to as KL — appears to be a criss-cross of pedestrian-unfriendly overpasses and expressways.
From the outside, the pagoda appears to be nine tiers high, but there are really 17 floors inside.
The middle pitch of the descent, B, acts as the “dominant” to F, based on its symmetrical division of the whole-tone scale and the fact that the second theme appears in B in the exposition.
These interdomain horizontal transfers mainly concern proteins involved in nucleotide, carbohydrate and amino acid transport and metabolism; however, proteins that are part of the translation machinery or are involved in DNA repair appear to be transferred across domain boundaries as well.
Using a similar approach of analyzing mRNA association with ribosomes as a measure of translation efficiency, a similar level of translational control also appears to exist for PP1α.
The residues not identified by subclade trace analysis but appearing in the subclade comparison are responsible for a finer level of molecular specificity.
It does not count against Mother Teresa that she's concentrated all her miracles into one field, medicine, failing to appear well-rounded.
It appears that SAHA has a profound inhibitory impact on the protein levels of key molecules, E2F-1, PCNA and p21, essential for DNA synthesis.
These trends appear as very low frequency periodicities and can also interfere with the assessment of 24 hour periodicities.
Even in Brazil it appears that fears that a drop in the currency would bring back hyperinflation were unwarranted.
With regard to the repair phase, following IL-1-induced cartilage damage, relatively little is known, but partial to complete recovery appears possible [ 1 3 ] . In studies of repair, investigators focused on glycosaminoglycan (GAG) - an important and abundant cartilage macromolecule - and used histologic, biochemical, and/or radiolabel incorporation methods to measure GAG concentration ([GAG]) and/or GAG synthesis rates at selected time points.
Here and later, the borrowed images from Twister are amplified by the searchers talking not to the viewers, but to what appears to be a third-party documentary filmmaker.
Furthermore, changes in leukocyte migration and cytokine production appear to contribute the perpetuation of IBD [ 15 ] . Based on modern advances, recombinant anti-inflammatory cytokines (i.e.
Resorts like Portimão, Albufeira and Vilamoura would appear to have little room left to grow, yet tourist facilities seem to mate with each other and reproduce overnight.
Several of those freshmen actually appear to take the idea that they made a promise seriously and have reaffirmed their intentions of stepping down.
IP 3 R3 appears to be located throughout the cytoplasm of taste cells, consistent with its expected location on the smooth endoplasmic membrane [ 21].
We took advantage of the classification of protein domains provided by others (Pfam-A and Pfam-B) [ 15], to identify families that appear to be polytopic membrane proteins, and augmented these lists with additional family members based on amino-acid sequence comparisons.
According to the publication, he is concerned that her lips--the upper one sometimes appears as if a hot dog has been inserted in it--are starting to look "unrealistically big."
Thus, while d -tc may form an interaction with the receptor at this binding loop, it appears to interact with Y140 rather than Y142 or Y152.
Rab proteins comprise a large family of Ras-related GTPases that function in the anterograde and retrograde trafficking of proteins in mammalian cells [ 1 2 3 ] . Different Rab proteins reside in specific subcellular membranes or organelles, where they mediate vesicular transport between discrete donor and acceptor compartments in the endocytic or exocytic pathways [ 4 5 ] . Detailed studies of a few Rab proteins ( e.g .; Rab1, Rab5 and Rab9) have led to a general model wherein Rab proteins are presumed to cycle on and off donor and acceptor membranes in connection with changes in their guanine nucleotide state [ 6 7 8 ] . In the active GTP-bound state, Rab proteins associate with budding transport vesicles [ 9 10 11 ] and appear to participate in the assembly of membrane docking complexes [ 12 13 14 ] . Following vesicle fusion with the acceptor compartment and GTP hydrolysis, the inactive GDP-bound Rab is extracted from the membrane by a carrier protein termed guanine nucleotide dissociation inhibitor (GDI) [ 15 16 17 ] . The GTPase can then re-enter the transport cycle through nucleotide exchange promoted by a specific exchange factor at the donor vesicle membrane [ 18 19 20 ] . In addition to changes in guanine nucleotide state, the posttranslational prenylation of Rab proteins plays an important role in the cycling mechanism.
His work appears to have survived, despite his exclusion from the Dictionary .
Vacuoles harboring mycobacteria appeared tightly arranged and not spacious as previously observed in Coxiella burnetii containing vacuoles [ 18 19 ] . The mycobacteria themselves were in very close contact with each other.
Congress and the president appear ready to accede to their demands.
3.1) was not observed in this EST collection, but the first putative Tylenchida homologs of this gene have subsequently appeared from our further EST sequencing ( M. hapla BM883225, and M. javanica BI324412).
Huangshan is the only region of eastern China’s Anhui Province that appears on major tourist itineraries.
The present data suggest that diminished levels of BRCA1 not only accelerate proliferation in the BG-1 ovarian carcinoma cell line, but appear to alter tumorigenesis.
The C-terminal region of DEK, which contains the putative DNA-binding domain, appears to be most antigenic [ 34 ] (and K Sitwala and DM Markovitz, unpublished observations), raising the possibility that altered DNA binding may expose other masked epitopes.
Thus, chronic AA feeding alone does not appear, in our experiments, to interact with the SREBP-1 signaling cascade.
On the wall here, you’ll see what appears to be the Star of David.
Given that the peripheral effects at low doses were similar to the effects after the highest central dose of clozapine (by either route) it appears likely that this effect is due to peripheral actions of clozapine.

That possibility has to do with the rapid-fire e-mail exchange format of Slate 's "Book Club" in which it appeared.
Based on these time periods alone, it appears likely that the agencies could have obtained comments earlier and issued the interim rules in time to permit SBREFA's 60-day delay period for congressional review.
Based on available information, the substitute chemistries and processes appear to be less toxic and less hazardous in use than methylene chloride (see Table 2).
Indeed, most of the functionally characterized genes induced by androgen in these prostatic cells appear to have important roles in the production of seminal fluid.
For example, RP L18, which was significantly down-regulated by NGF, has been reported to negatively regulate double-stranded RNA (dsRNA)-activated protein kinase (PKR) [ 45 ] . As an additional example RP S19, which is also down-regulated by NGF, has been implicated in erythropoiesis and has also been described as a monocyte chemotactic factor [ 46 ] . As one last example, rat RP L9 which we found to be up-regulated by NGF starting within a few hours and maximally by 8 hrs, has been shown to be the ortholog of the yeast gene grc5 which appears to be involved in multiple cellular functions including growth control, cytoskeleton control and energy metabolism [ 47 ] . Identification of NGF-regulated RPs should now facilitate exploration of their potential roles in the responses of cells to neurotrophins.
Delays are common in American medicine [ 49 ] , even in urgent situations such as treatment of life-threatening laboratory abnormalities [ 50 ] . Although we do not know the causes of delays in antibiotic initiation, they appeared more common in some institutions than in others.
So the newly merged company had several problems: how to announce to the world that it was now not only an insurance underwriter, but also a broker; how to keep the A&A brand value, without appearing simply to be gobbling up Bain Hogg; and how to do this with a name that is easy to say in European and Asian languages.
It would appear that chlamydiae have learned to recognize and exploit tryptophan depletion as an environmental cue that initiates a distinct chain of remodeling biochemistry that promotes long-term viability in a latent state.
Further peaks will appear each time there is an alignment (i.e.
Tubular epithelial cell expression of FasL appeared to be predominantly apical (Fig.
In 31 of the 51 links, an inter-kingdom horizontal transfer of the fused gene appeared to be the evolutionary mechanism by which the fusion entered one of the kingdoms.
A 20 kDa fragment was observed at early times, but a series of four fragments ranging from 14-16 kDa appeared between 10 and 30 min as the amount of the 20 kDa fragment decreased.
At later stages these appeared as multiple independent laterals produced by individual cells (Figure 1L,1M).
While libertarians have endorsed giving the Postal Service to its employees, there don't appear to be any commercial calls for privatization (no doubt the $27 billion in government-guaranteed pension liabilities is a factor) or challenges to the USPS monopoly on first-class delivery.
Today Bush appeared with Gov.
This is in accordance with previous results from the field of gastroenterology and hepatology showing that a large proportion of papers originating from the UK appeared in British journals [ 9 ] . The reasons for this observation remain to be elucidated.
USA Today , which through the miracle of extended newsstand dating becomes the first U.S. daily newspaper to appear with a 2000 time-hack, gives its front over to an essay, "The Next Century," which spends most of its time reviewing this one, predictably arcing over the likes of McCarthyism, Martin Luther King, and Dylan but then swerving into the writer's mother's sister and his wife's mother.
It appears they supported themselves.
Jerry first appeared in Hotten's Dictionary of Slang in 1859, defined as a chamber utensil.
[ 11 12 13 14 ] . Kidney transplants between normal and transgenic Tg26 siblings suggested that specific HIV-1 proteins within the kidney, and not circulating factors, transform infected renal epithelium [ 13 ] . Indeed, HIV-1 transgenic mice generated with an HIV-1 proviral construct mutated in the Nef "PXXP" SH3-binding motif for Src-family kinases failed to develop nephropathy [ 31 ] , and a recent in vitro analysis of podocytes infected with single gene mutants of HIV-1 further suggest that Nef plays a central role in causing the proliferative phenotype in HIVAN [ 8 ] . Utilizing these same single gene mutant viruses, we showed here that Nef appears to be play a role in the up-regulation of cyclin D 1 by HIV-1 in vitro . Importantly, these single gene mutants do not exclude the possibility that other HIV-1 gene(s) may cooperate with nef to induce cyclin D1, particularly
A sarcospan null mouse has recently been generated and appears to display a normal phenotype [ 22].
Yeast proteins with the greatest number of interactions appear to evolve slowly
This large increase has not been observed in other parts of California and appears to be limited to early-stage disease among white women aged 45-64 years at diagnosis.
Has race so sensitized us that no black character can appear in any movie without being analyzed as a black character?
The dlg-like MAGUKs do not have kinase activity [ 15 ] . Furthermore this domain has been shown to interact with other proteins [ 16 17 18 ] . MAGUKs function by binding to the transmembrane proteins at the cytoplasmic side and to other signal transduction proteins and thus appear to provide the platform for efficient and specific signal interactions between the different components of the signaling pathway.
Thus, the ability of U73343 to block the effect of MTX appears to reflect both a rapidly reversible and slowly reversible component.
Despite the lack of detectable sequence similarity to 2OG-Fe(II) dioxygenases, these proteins contain a conserved HXH motif and a carboxy-terminal histidine that appear to be equivalent to the metal-chelating HXD and carboxy-terminal histidine of the latter (see above).
Our data suggest that the intrinsic affinity of the cell surface receptor for PEDF appears low, whereas the heparin/HS-PEDF complex is recognized with high affinity.
In strains transformed with the titrating sequence, the ALMs often migrated anteriorly rather than posteriorly and were located anterior to position 5. Thus, the arrays appeared to be sequestering a factor that controls both the direction and extent of ALM migrations.
"Killer pilots" is a phrase that has appeared in the Italian press.
It does not appear to be consistently found in a specific subclass of tumors, or is its exact function known.
Little confidence is inspired by the presence of three errors (one appearing twice) in only 12 words of information.
An even sillier "silly season" story, appearing the same day on the front pages of the Times and the Financial Times , concerned the British government's decision to establish a task force to study the threat of an asteroid hitting Earth and destroying all life on the planet.
The most pressing demands appear to be for the Palestinians to repeal the PLO charter's provision calling for the destruction of Israel, and to turn over to the Israelis a number of suspected terrorists.
It has become clear that the pathological conditions associated with an excess level of LDL are actually caused by the oxidized products of LDL [ 1 ] . More specifically, cholesterol oxides (also termed oxysterols), the oxygenated derivatives of cholesterol, appear to be the major cytotoxic components in oxidized LDL [ 2 3 ] . These compounds have a hydroxyl- or a keto- group on the cholesterol molecule.
The requirements of section 203 (Small Government Agency Plan) and section 204 (State, Local, and Tribal Government Input) appear to be inapplicable to the rule.
This level of expression is not uncommon for transfected cell systems [ 17 18 ] , although such receptor expression levels may appear higher than reported values from brain tissues.
Therefore, 21 months appears to be somewhat conservative.
These findings are consistent with normal appearing, preneoplastic hepatocytes forming clonal masses in the liver because M6P/IGF2R haploid insufficiency affords them with a selective growth and/or survival advantage relative to normal hepatocytes [ 46 ] .
, though that sense appears under the entry quick one ). I cannot claim proficiency in slang, but I do know that in addition to the `Scram!
The fact that evolved clones appear to respire several resources poorly, yet are at least as fit as the ancestor in the diverse LB environment, suggest that enhancements in the general growth potential of these populations may compensate for these deficiencies.
Furthermore, while neurites generally appeared to be inhibited by crushed white matter, this inhibition was not absolute as neurites occasionally crossed onto crushed tissue.
The first refinery appeared in 1849 on Maui.
Lee's book quotes at length a profile of himself that appeared in the Bedford, Va., Bulletin . It is here that the word bumfuzzled appears.
While the binding of d -tc appears to involve some interaction with this binding loop, the binding of [ 3H]granisetron does not.
All that e-mailing she does appears to have caused her to forget how to write more than four consecutive paragraphs at a time.
In fact, the analysis of current data suggests that a cluster of two or more genes that appears in four or more distantly related microorganisms has a more than 90% probability of being involved in the same broad functional category (Y.Z.
In order to explain this discrepancy, it is noteworthy to mention that unrelated to its anti-glucocorticoid activity, RU486 also has antioxidant properties that have been suggested to play a role in the inhibition of cell growth caused by this compound [ 7 ] . Such an effect and/or other anti-glucocorticoid-independent influences by RU 486 appears to prevail in relation to the overall impact of this compound on cell proliferation, and may indeed suggest, at a first glance, a protective effect against the risk of hepatocellular cancer.
She appears not to talk because she just thinks better of it.
AG126, on the other hand, appeared to reduce the cytotoxicity caused by oxidative stress (Fig.
3 kb cap gene-containing region, which appeared to be unique to B. anthracis .
Intermittent phase coordination between heartbeat and respiration may appear if the two signals occasionally reveal both a reduced variability and a lower order rational frequency ratio.
The introns appear to be inserted into some of the most conserved regions of Euascomycetes SSU rRNA, as evident in the fungal conservation diagram (Fig.
Although little appeared to happen, a number of events were implicit.
Others appear to be involved in developmental pathways.
In the same magazine, the singular medium appeared, but so did the singular media.
In frog and zebrafish neural plate, Delta gene expression appears to precede expression of early neuronal markers [ 25, 26, 27, 28].
Although remote asthma hospitalization did not appear related to risk of ensuing hospitalization, more recent hospitalization was strongly associated with increased risk (OR, 11.
It appears, therefore, that the UNC-6/netrin and TGFβ guidance systems act redundantly and are conserved across species.
Although total factor productivity growth appears to have risen, the pace of growth may decelerate.
Similarly, sex appears to predict colorectal cancer survival.
Many politicians who are regulars on the other shows decline to appear on Crossfire , blaming the shouting.
This behaviour appears as a stable limit cycle of the equations describing the model.
Furthermore, it appears that the specific experimental or physiological conditions of cellular attachment or detachment might influence the precise function of PTEN in these processes.
The Wall Street Journal "Tax Report" depends a little too much on IRS Commissioner Charles Rossotti, judging from how frequently the good commissioner appears in the column being a ... well, good commissioner.
Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert appears to have been briefed on the situation.
A unifying feature of autoimmune disorders appears to be the loss of immunologic tolerance to self-antigens, and in many of these diseases there is evidence that T-cell tolerance has been broken.
(The word first appeared in print in 1941, in Popular Science magazine.)
Recently there came into my possession a photocopy of an article What Gall that appeared in VERBATIM [XVI, 3; by Joe Queenan].
He appears to have missed the Will Smith phenomenon, whereby a masculine and not deracinated black man repeatedly saves the world.
In the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis, which appears in the preamble to the final rule, the FCC describes the reason for the rule and the legal basis for it.
The pace of deregulation and financial-market liberalization are not the only areas in which Japan lags behind Western countries; it appears that Japan's defense, too, is due for a thoroughgoing review."
Comparing Figures 4Aand 4Cit appears that in analyzing quartets 70% bootstrap support is comparable to .99 posterior probability calculated according to [ 24 ] .
Morphology appears to be the single most important tool facilitating their correct interpretation [ 6 ] . Other approaches, including the observation that capsular nevi are non-immunoreactive or weakly immunoreactive for HMB45, have been suggested for differentiating capsular nevi from melanoma micrometastases [ 21 ] . However, it is important to note that a significant number of melanomas are also non-immunoreactive for HMB45.
For years I have engaged in the often useful habit of reading Forewords, Prefaces, Prolegomena, Introductions, and other bits that appear at the beginnings of books.
11--Gary Cooper and Barbara Stanwyck often appeared together) and come up with a TV Guide -style plot summary of a movie in which they might have co-starred.
Monocytes usually appeared in fractions 6 or 7 (as determined by flow cytometric analysis in a fluorescence-activated cell sorter (FACS).
Thus, the observation that purifying selection appears to act on all recent duplicates and examination of the functions of recently duplicated genes do not support the notion that gene duplication results in true functional redundancy and duplications may achieve fixation despite being redundant [ 26].
Moreover, Tar Wars appears to meet criteria established for the "programs that work" process developed by the Centers for Disease Prevention and Control for selecting tobacco use prevention curricula http://www.cdc.gov.nccdphp/dash/rtc/criteria.htm.
The first edition of The Complete Plain Words , an edited amalgan of Plain Words (1948) and The ABC of Plain Words (1951), appeared in 1954; an edition revised by Sir Bruce Fraser was published in 1973; the present work, published by Her Majesty's Stationery Office (stolidly called “Her Britannic Majesty's Stationary [ sic ] Office” on the copyright page) in 1986 to celebrate its bicentennial, is a revision of Fraser's edition.
One prominent phenomenon is the flaunting use of homographs: words that appear in conventional dictionaries are given a meaning which is not to be derived logically or figuratively from the customary one.
His main objective appears to be to air these patently ludicrous accusations.
We identified some individual features that when viewed as a whole, appear to have the potential for enhancing the general usefulness of future performance reports in providing decisionmakers and the public with the information needed to assess progress.
These two properties of soluble CAP appear to be involved in the virus inhibitory and virucidal activities of this compound.
Sixtyfive percent of the people in probate court appear without lawyers because they can't afford them.
She identified herself as the Virgin Mary, the Mother of God, and speaking in Nahuatl, she asked Juan Diego to go to the Spanish bishop and ask that a temple be built there where she appeared, the mount of Tepeyac.
And countries such as Italy and Paraguay, which spent little on Y2K, appear to have fared as well as the United States, which spent $100 billion.
Other elements will appear and be removed throughout the week.
In less polar chlorocarbon solvents, the Taxol structure and other molecules with similar complexity do not appear to be capable of even qualitative ranking by the various methods with respect to energy.
Although the α L/α Dratio displayed the highest mean Z score, the urinary excretion of the α LCTX form still appeared to have the best ability to identify patients affected by bone metastases.
Increased expression of Fas and FasL appeared to increase the propensity to undergo apoptosis, but was not the sole determinant of this process.
And whenever the profits from an active strategy become evident, a feeding frenzy of sharks will appear.
The number of months in treatment was not significantly different among the patient groups (F = 2.03, df = 2,212, p = 0.13), though there appeared to be a trend toward alonger duration of treatment in AD.
Similarly, Japanese calligraphy has a great artistic tradition, no less great than that of Japanese watercolor painting or Japanese costume, and beautifully brushed poems may appear next to watercolor images similar to those that often appear on clothes.
People who don't have real jobs and real lives tend to pack cell phones in order to appear occupied and loved, when in fact the reverse is true.
Al Qaeda appears to have relied on a core group of financial facilitators who raised money from a variety of donors and other fund-raisers, primarily in the Gulf countries and particularly in Saudi Arabia.
SUNDAY'S NEW YORK TIMES says the Monica mess appears to have "blurred the boundaries between mainstream and tabloid news."
This appears inconsistent with the revertant sequences here, which show selection for a Watson-Crick base pair at the position 3' but not 5' to the branch-point nucleotide.
If patients presenting with diarrhea who have traveled recently are more likely to have a fecal sample taken, then this will appear as a risk factor.
SL-1 appears to be up-regulated by Wnt-5a and not Wnt-1 (Table 1and Figure 1, panel A).
Copies even found their way into the trenches of the First World War, so Frank Richards (his favorite name) stamped generations of boys from 1908 to 1940 and even later when the tales were turned into books, up until the last Bunter Story appeared in 1960, shortly before Richards' death.
Policymakers appear to have agreed to save the Social Security surpluses, and the fiscal policy debate has centered on what to do with the balance of the anticipated surpluses.
Bloom started appearing on stage at 15.

Thus in our transgenic animals, aberrant Wnt activation appears to be limited to mature, postmitotic neurons.
For example, W shows for leeway the date 1669; from my experience with even above-average users, that is usually taken to mean that 1669 was the first time that leeway appeared in English: one day it did not exist; the next, Presto!
reports that Arafat appears to have dismissed Faisal Husseini, the Palestinian official responsible for Jerusalem affairs and, until now, a name high on his list of potential successors.
Decreased BRCA1 levels appeared to affect the ability of BG-1 cells to arrest growth or die in the absence of estrogenic growth-inducing conditions.
’ No such study, however, appears in the book.
This both corrects for the damping evident in 5c (a result in this case of luciferin depletion in the medium) and reveals that the rhythm is actually just as robust later in the experiment, even though it appears to be damping prior to normalization.
Several signaling events, including the activation of Jak kinases 1 and 3 are shared among the 'common γ chain' cytokines [ 50 ] . Other signaling events, such as the activation of Shc, Gab2, SHP-2 and MAPK, are shared among IL-2 and 15, but not the other common γ chain cytokine receptors, and Tyr 388 of IL-2Rβ appears critical for these events [ 51 ] . Despite these signaling similarities, it is clear that the biological properties of IL-2 are unique among the common γ chain cytokines, as the other cytokines cannot compensate for IL-2 in the IL-2 knockout mouse [ 52 ] . In addition, IL-15 appears uniquely critical for the development of NK cells, as evidenced by the phenotypes of IL-15 [ 53 ] and IL-15R α [ 54 ] deficient mice.
50 appear on page 9.
Such books are produced at a network-movie-of-the-week pace (I doubt Reich had time to unpack before his book appeared), and are meant to polish up whatever glossy finish the author thinks he or she had left upon crossing the Beltway.
While lowess normalization greatly reduces dye-specific artifacts that often appear for low-intensity data points, the data exhibit additional structure that can be used to evaluate patterns of gene expression.
According to USA Today , Kronman's blurb will not appear on the paperback edition of the book due out this month.
Use of selective signaling pathway inhibitors allowed the demonstration that the cytoskeletal changes elicited by resveratrol depended on intracellular calcium and tyrosine kinase activity changes, and also appeared to be linked to integrity of actin microfilaments and microtubule network.
Common forms of yellow, green, and silver arowana were made to appear like red arowana by being treated with hormones imported from Singapore; the fish were then smuggled into Japan, Taiwan, and Hong Kong.
Meanwhile, Buchanan's negotiations to take over the Reform Party appear to be stalled.
The other, Keyes, appears to have got away, and Tuesday, the authorities scaled back the search for him, making vague noises about the terrain and wild animals finishing him off.
In general, the SCR implementation timeline appears to be driven primarily by the engineering activities (i.e.
The very designs on the bills--such as the fortresslike Treasury that appears on our $10 note--seem to promise a happy future of redemption amid prosperity.
Although two of the five longest intergenic region CSEs were determined to be pseudogenes, two others appeared to be gene-related.
Inevitably, then, it appears at the moment to be a complete political nonstarter.
She appears to have misunderstood the complex rules that could apply to this situation.
Self-sustained oscillations such as those being modelled here appear as stable limit cycles in trajectory of the underlying dynamical system [ 11 ] . The existence and stability of these limit cycles may change under parametric perturbations.
There is a relative increase in the memory cell repertoire [ 17 18 19 20 ] , and an increase in absolute counts in the CD8 +CD28 -populations in both aged [ 22 ] and HIV +donors [ 22 23 24 25 ] . The CD8 +CD28 -T cell in the HIV +state appears to be the major cytotoxic T cell (CTL) [ 26 ] , but curiously, has shortened telemer lengths as well [ 27 ] .
Roughly a third of the employers studied appeared to have discriminated against women or minorities in at least one job category, the authors said
Repetitive sequences appear to dominate the centromeres of many eukaryotes [ 2], and telomeric and subtelomeric repeats extend for thousands or tens of thousands of nucleotides at the ends of chromosomes.
A. mexicana produce antimalarial drugs [ 28 29 30 ] , and artemisinin (from A. annua ) appears to selectively kill human breast cancer cells [ 31 ] .
Thus there appears to be a "one way correlation"; whether the stimulus is agrin or laminin AChR aggregation is an excellent predictor of α-DG aggregation, but the converse is not found (see particularly [ 4 ] ). This lack of reciprocity will of course reduce the label correlation as measured in the present study.
A few skeptical stories about him have already appeared.
The bold red chyrons used in the ad--scarlet letters that appear here and later in the spot--are a chromatic charge of wrongdoing leveled against Dole.
However, these extensions appeared to be thicker (estimated as 0.1μm in diameter, although their apparent diameter depended on conditions of coating with metals).
Systemic IL-2 administration also appears to dramatically increase the frequency of tumor regression in specific immunization against cancer [ 3].
4. The Language of Bohemia,” which appeared in the Australasian in 1869.
Over 90 genes that repeated in both experiments appeared to change in the Wnt-expressing cells.
In long-exposure photographs of this display, the entire temple appears to be on fire.
Metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGluRs) are a family of class 3 G protein-coupled receptors with important functions in the regulation of synaptic transmission, plasticity, neuronal excitability, and the regulation sensory transduction [ 1 2 3 4 5 ] . The eight mGluRs (mGluR1-8) and their splice variants have been divided into three groups (I-III) based on sequence homology, pharmacology and G protein coupling profiles [ 3 6 7 ] . Group II (mGluR2 and 3) and III (mGluR4, and 6 through 8) couple negatively to adenylate cyclase through activation of the G i/o family of G proteins [ 8 ] . Group I mGluRs (mGluR1 and 5) couple to multiple G proteins in native and heterologous systems, and have been observed to couple to G q/11 , G i/o and/or G s [ 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 ] . mGluRs appear to be important mediators of synaptic transmission in the brain.
1. For prophylaxsis against radiocontrast-induced ATN, saline infusion should be administered for optimal hydration; neither diuretics nor dopamine appear effective and may be harmful.
Of course, as always when Greenspan appears before Congress, it was fun to watch the senators try to make their own dubious economic views appear to be harmonious with the Fed chair's.
Through the clever and sometimes masterful use of language, the same activity or event was made to sound logical, or patriotic, or it could appear to be sordid and bordering on treason.
It is amusing to watch the "strange new respect" phenomenon engulf Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott as journalists wake up to the fact that he is not the conservative ideologue he appears.
Although the pathogenesis of renal injury secondary to radiocontrast agents is not entirely understood, it appears to be due to medullary ischemia [ 3, 50].
Goldie Hawn and Steve Martin star in a remake of Neil Simon's 1970 film that's "so feeble and unfocussed as to make the Farrelly brothers of There's Something About Mary appear to have suckled at the bosom of Aristophanes" (Lawrence Van Gelder, the New York Times ). All critics agree; few put it so well.
The portrayal of the camp and the reception by the British P.O.W.s, camouflaged though it is, is so vivid that on reading it when it appeared in 1969--and since--I have found myself transported back there, frozen feet and all.
The second story has Hilfiger and Ralph Lauren appearing on CNN's Style With Elsa Klensch . Complimented on his success in selling his goods in the East, Lauren thanked his Asian customers.
The differences among the three publications are probably best illustrated by their varying explanations for the mysterious cast that recently appeared on JFK Jr.'s arm.
In the case of Microsoft, Blumenthal of Connecticut appears to have won the coveted prize, managing to eclipse Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller, who is chairman of the NAAG's antitrust committee, and New York's Vacco, who heads the consumer committee.
Alternative splicing appears to be relatively common in animals [ 22, 23]; in plants this phenomenon has been less frequently observed, possibly as a result of the smaller collections of ESTs compared with mammalian systems.
Although Grafton does not mention the fact, or even allude to it, his book appears at a momentous time in the life of the footnote.
In January 1988, when Jesse Jackson appeared on ABC's This Week , George Will asked him a series of questions designed to expose Jackson's deception and ignorance.
In the central tourist quarter, an expanding number of buildings are being spruced up with the assistance of UNESCO and foreign foundations, but many others are propped up by wooden columns, lean-tos that appear to be merely forestalling the inevitable.
Ads with aggressively youthful themes were just as likely to appear in Ladies' Home Journal or Look as in the underground press.
When the balloonist yells perfectly reasonable instructions to his would-be helpers in the field, they all ignore him because he appears incompetent.
F. Pope" appears on it as does "Bob Bergman '43".
The first hotels began to appear in the 1960s when gambling was a lure to the rich and famous.
Since they have let you in and have not kicked you out, it appears that you have not violated any of those rules.
Terms that have validity only in a historical context abound: carrying gang, Dumb cell, Model Prison, probation gang, and separate prison, or the place name Isle of the Dead, all of which appear currently in literature prepared for the tourist trade.
2 Ga) and mitochondria appear after the rise in oxygen.
My only complaints with High Fidelity were with a few cloying Growth Moments and the cute epilogue, a party at which Rob plays DJ and every character in the novel appears to issue a happy farewell.
Many systems initially appeared optically clear, but well over 90% of initial UCB sedimented on centrifugation of most samples below pH 7.2.
A good example of this type of pattern is sba (CG13598) . Two alternative transcripts for this gene are supported by cDNA data, and both appear to contain an unconventional, ambiguous splice junction.
Primarily intragemmal taste cells were labeled, proliferative basal cells of the taste buds did not appear to be labeled.
The regional companies appear to have had deeper pockets--Barbour went with them.
On the northwestern Alpine frontier, a new state had appeared on the scene, destined to lead the movement to a united Italy.
--Lawyer Johnnie Cochran sets aside time from his busy schedule to appear on Guiding Light .
The NYT says that it appears Yeltsin's thinking is that Chernomyrdin's good relations with financiers and with the Communists in Parliament may help deflate the widespread calls for his own departure.
Preoccupation with the scandal led a harried and nervous president to send his deputies into a sausage grinder, say Gloria Borger ( Face the Nation ) and Fred Barnes ( McLaughlin Group ). A reluctance to appear in public forums for fear of drawing Lewinsky questions compromises Clinton as commander in chief, says Gigot on Fox News Sunday --Clinton "can't compartmentalize these things the way he wants to."
The success of axonal growth from neurons transplanted into white matter appears to depend on avoiding significant disruption of this geometry and the upregulation of CSPGs [ 17, 18].
Her most recent publication, "Training Visas in the United States," appeared in Immigration Briefings in May 1993.
Has the World Wide Web, which only appeared in 1993, failed us?
In general, diacritical marks are all those little jots and tittles that appear over, under, and even through various letters.
The cause would appear to be lost when one takes note that the only pronunciation recorded in British dictionaries for machismo is “makizmo,” as if it were derived from Italian: even a spelling pronunciation would have been preferable.
Other ancient forms, especially those that occur as accessory domains in enzymes, appear to bind small molecules.
We look around our own solar system, and what appears to be common are planets that have no life whatsoever.
These findings are in accord with previous studies on mouse lung neutrophils during endotoxemia [ 21 ] . Our observation that nuclear binding activity appeared in the cells rapidly after endotoxin administration (within 0.5 hours) indicates that NF-κB and CREB are involved in early functional activation.
One example is Meredith Station a Restaurant a Grill a Niteclub; this location would appear to give the establishment a greater cachet than Meredith Station, Restaurant, Grill and Niteclub and certainly more than Meredith Bar and Grill . The series in this example helps to establish a set of alternative uses of Meredith Station and the rhythm appears to suggest mounting excitement.
5. The extended imprinted region appears to have a bipartite structure in that it contains at least two separate imprinted sub-domains.
Several readers suggested the addition of that '70s hit, zipless fuck an act of intercourse without an emotional connection, coined by Erica Jong in Fear of Flying . We had originally decided to omit it since zipless was often used on its own to mean passionate but emotionally uninvolved, but it does appear often enough as a set phrase to deserve entry.
Other semantic categories have been set forth by Roget; still others by March in his Thesaurus ; and thematic arrangements have appeared in words like Picturesque Expressions, Allusions , and other books prepared by and under the direction of this reviewer.
Therefore, for our data set, using a 70% PSI for finding the Bact517 site appeared optimal.
It is important to note that HCV appears to account for a subgroup of patients with exocrine complaints in which half the cases might meet the definition for SS according to European and Manthorpe criteria.
In general, serum levels of MMPs have tended to vary widely in the reported studies [ 9, 11, 12, 51], and appear not to be of prognostic value.
First, there was the critical moment of moral doubt: The day after appearing on Nightline , Fitzsimmons says, he felt "physically ill.
But when my auxiliary daughter appeared on the scene last month, I learned not one lesson from the mistakes of previous rampages.
Similarly, the terms 'main pathways of carbohydrate metabolism', 'catabolic carbohydrate metabolism', and 'glycolysis' also appear as downregulated in Table 2. The MAPPFinder browser (Figure 3a) shows that 'glycolysis' is related to 'main pathways of carboyhydrate metabolism' through the hierarchical relationship between these terms.
Mirroring earlier reporting, the NYT says relations between the students and troops appear friendly.
It will ultimately cut further, but by then subsequent furrows appear.
The former appears to be a ramification of the surface area within which fiber contacts can be made, itself governed by fiber length and fiber mobility.
In one interval checked, W reveals Montague (Romeo's family name), Montmorency (a kind of cherry), Montrachet (wine), monuron (a herbicide), moon-eye (a fish), moon-eyed (open-eyed), and moonflower , as headwords not in L ; the same interval in L reveals montbretia (a plant), Montessorian (teaching method), month of Sundays , Montilla , -mony (suffix) Moog synthesizer , moon daisy (the oxeye), moon-faced , moonglow , and moonrat , which do not appear in W . Leaving aside the plants and animals, which are differently distributed for American and British users, the only significant omission from L is Montrachet , while the important words omitted from W are Montessorian , month of Sundays , -mony , Moog synthesizer , moon-faced , and moonglow . The last word is not in the RHD II , but it should be, for the L citation is from Henry Miller and the word also appears in the lyrics written for the popularized rendition of Tchaikovsky's 5th symphony.
For an ambitious man who had been frustrated in his career, the appointment was a heaven-sent extra chance, and it appeared at first to be a bit of brilliant casting.
Thus Btk:ER appears to induce ERK activation through its capacity to activate PLCγ2, and not through a Grb2/Sos pathway.
A quite remarkable and innovative dictionary is now about to appear in revised, updated, and enlarged re-edition: this is I.I. Ubin's Dictionary of Russian and English lexical intensifiers (Russki Yazyk, orig. pub. 1987).
Thus, although Rlk appears to be distinct among the Tec kinases in the lack of a PH domain, the presence of a palmitoylated cysteine string and the existence of a shorter isoform that can localize to the nucleus, Rlk may contribute to similar signaling pathways.
Netizens translated it into other languages and it appeared around the world.
In occasional cells that bulged out from the central core this appeared to be the case.
Therefore, it appears possible that use of hypnosis can be learned rapidly and thereafter used effectively.
Hence, it appears that the assumptions driving the advanced scenario are aggressive.
The methods for engineering and selecting Group I aptazymes appear to be generalizable to several different types of ribozymes.
Second, there appears to be measurable selective pressure on the sequence of the non-miRNA arm, above and beyond the necessity to maintain a certain degree of helical structure that would make it a Dicer substrate.
In the present study in the mouse, differentiation of osteoclast progenitors appears to be dependent on the direct interaction of bone marrow stromal cells with Ocl precursor cells [ 19, 20].
In fact, no one can recall ever exchanging a word with Mr. Lewis before his absurd reports began appearing on our site.
The LAT points out however, that there do not appear to be any similar coordinated cuts forthcoming from the central banks of Europe's leading economies.
However, there appear to be no notable differences between M. avium and M. paratuberculosis at this level.
In certain types of tissues, ethanol has been shown to induce membrane translocation of PKC isoforms through activation of phospholipase A and release of diacylglycerol [ 40 ] . This mechanism, however, does not appear to be significant in our case as ethanol without PMA failed to potentiate IFNg-induced MHCII expression in LS1034 cells.
This reduction of modulation by glutamate appeared to be specific for mGluRs, as NE-mediated calcium current inhibition was unaltered (figure ID).
Although the relative contribution of each MMP to this process remains unclear, the gelatinases, particularly MMP-2, appear to play a prominent role in tissue invasion [ 16].

A major mechanism of peripheral tolerance induction appears to involve the recognition of tolerizing antigens by T cells in the absence of costimulation [ 19].
Think of William Faulkner, whose characters often appear and reappear in his various novels and stories.
Reich appears to have fabricated much of this episode for dramatic effect.
Intuitively, the fact that certain gene clusters appear in every organism or appear in only one organism does not necessarily indicate functional relationship.
The putative cadherin-like receptor material appears at a molecular size around 180 kDa, both before and after secondary purification (Lanes 2 and 1, respectively).
(Explicit references to the Albanian people as opposed to the Illyrians begin to appear around the 11 th century.)
Both in animal and human studies of heart failure, β-adrenergicblockade intervention appears to have beneficial effects on cardiacmyocyte function [ 1 23 24 ] . Of particularimportance, studies using carvedilol have shown remarkable improvementsin cardiac performance [ 12 13 15 16 ] andreduction in mortality in humans [ 17 ] .We have previously shown that propranolol, a nonselective β-blocker,is cardioprotective and prevents the development of heart failurein turkeys when given concurrently with furazolidone [ 21 ] . Similarly, carteolol, a nonselective β-blocker,resulted in improvement in ejection fraction, reduction in ventricularvolumes, an increase in developed pressure as well as an increasein rate of survival in our turkey model [ 18 ] . Improvementin cardiac function was associated with cellular remodeling of cardiacmyocytes.
Systemic corticosteroid use and recent asthma hospitalization, then, appear to drive the relationship between asthma severity and hospitalization for asthma.
Lewinsky is scheduled to appear before the same grand jury later this week.
This did not appear to be the case, as the effect of CD81 was most prominent on CD45RO +cells, which do not include naïve T cells.
The topology of the parsimony tree built using this criterion appears to reflect primarily the phenotypes of the respective organisms (Fig.
Only one gene was possibly expressed differentially (the sarcomeric isoform of the mitochondrial creatine kinase gene, sMtCK, which appeared to have higher expression in the lean muscle).
It now hosts many different types of performance, but a circus always appears here at Christmas time.
In contrast, the four individual pores for water or glycerol, located within each subunit of AQP1 or GlpF, appear to be lined with hydrophobic residues expected to preclude ion permeability [ 15 24 25 ] . Importantly, TEA distinguishes between the two pathways in AQP1, supporting the idea that the ion and water pores are physically distinct although they co-exist in the same channel complex.
This approach also introduces bias, as such genes appear more likely to belong to the evolutionary core proteome.
Nuclear condensation appeared to start at the edge of the culture (relatively lower density area, Fig.
(Explore this gallery of photos of Ali that have appeared in the New York Times . Free registration required.)
--Warning label that would have appeared on fur coats had Beverly Hills approved Proposition A.
I know this because my bidding strategy, which would appear insane to any casual but thoughtful observer, makes sense only in the presence of a compulsion to spend as much time as possible monitoring my auctions.
This money, once illegal, now appears to be a legitimate loan.
Two previously characterized mutation proteins, A70T (FtsZ1), A81V/F268C (FtsZ100), have comparably reduced GTPase in vitro, but appear to be fully functional for cell division.
Here was James Woods, talking a million miles a minute to Anthony Minghella, the director of The English Patient , and appearing for all the world like he was playing the manic Richard Boyle in Salvador . There was Gabriel Byrne, nursing a Heineken, every inch the handsome villain of The Usual Suspects . And here was Jeff Goldblum, angular and geeky, looking like he had just stepped out of that helicopter in Jurassic Park . He was just back from Hawaii, where he had been filming The Lost World , the sequel to that monster smash.
Thus it appears likely that functionally equivalent genes may displace their analogs in operons via insertion into the same position.
Preliminary reports have linked ligands active at the GABA receptor with SB or other NTDs, including benzodiazepines, alcohol, and zinc [ 7 8 9 10 11 ] . Preliminary work from this laboratory has shown the GABAa receptor agonist muscimol and the GABAb agonist baclofen produce both SB and the Arnold-Chiari malformation, commonly associated with SB [ 12 13 14 ] . VA appears to produce most of its anticonvulsant effects by increasing levels of GABA in the CNS, presumably by inhibiting the enzyme GABA-transaminase (GABA-T).
A number of different groups have reported that genetically hypertensive strains of rats (SHR, SHRSP, WKY) have elevated levels of plasma sitosterol [ 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 ] . Although the WKY strain is not considered hypertensive, dietary alterations involving plant sterols appear to increase blood pressure in this strain [ 21 ] . We screened two commercially available hypertensive rats, as well as a 'genetically hypertensive' strain, GH, for plasma plant sterol levels and compared these to two control strains, Sprague-Dawley and Wistar (Table 4).
Thank you for the opportunity to appear before this Select Committee today to discuss one of the most important issues of our time, the reorganization of government agencies and the reorientation of their missions to improve our nation's ability to better protect our homeland.
There are shots aplenty from times of war and protest: the curve of a fighter jet; Iwo Jima, in black and white; a Black Panther's finger snap; battlefield comradeship; a civil-rights clash; the dun and dunes of what appears to be Operation Desert Storm; an anti-Vietnam War rally; then the Vietnam War Memorial, in sunset silhouette.
Just because marker 63A does not appear to be significantly associated with ovariole number, we can not infer that the region to the "left" of 65D does not contain the gene of interest.
The sur2 bacteria appeared to survive slightly better at the 9 hour time point, but the difference was not statistically significant.
We demonstrate an enhanced ability to annotate a number of previously uncharacterized genes that are not yet functionally annotated and appear to resist the application of other computational techniques.
As the number of protonatable nitrogens on the linear 22 kD ExGen 500 PEI polymer at physiological pH is roughly equal to 5.47 nmol per μg PEI, and 1 μg DNA corresponds to 3 nmol phosphate groups, this means that the peak yield observed was at a PEI nitrogen: DNA phosphate (N/P) ratio of ∼ 9. Thus, the most suitable N/P ratio for in vitro sympathetic neurons appears to be around 9, creating positively charged DNA/PEI complexes [ 17].
Unlike Rickettsia , no other single species appears as closest relative in more than three proteins, but rather most (19/32 proteins) identify groups of species as closest relative (e.g, Fig.
As the majority of genes appeared to be concordantly expressed in vitro and in vivo, we postulate that, for these at least, the effect of IL-2 on gene expression overrides its effect on population shift.
When compared to IgG, the IgM molecules appear earlier in phylogeny and ontogeny [ 28, 29].
The presence of non-fused paralogs in both these bacterial species appears to be best compatible with gene transfer from archaea to bacteria.
In fact, in a previous study, we have observed that it appears to be easier to protect vaccinated macaques by intrarectal exposure than intravenous exposure to SIV 251 [ 42].
It is readable, but that compliment must be taken in the context in which it appears: a grammar could scarcely be classified as a “good read” in the same sense as a novel.
Terms contained in the glossary appear in bold type in the text the first time they are used in the major sections.
The auditor usually provides in-depth review of the RSI only if there appears to be some problem with the data.
In four of five experiments, the fibroblast-like cells in the CD14 +fraction appeared sooner and in greater numbers than the CD14 -fraction.
Although implementing a multi-center study may initially appear burdensome, two mitigating factors lessen the burden: (1) randomization is not required and (2) investigators need not collect data on risk factors if the requirements hold.
Yet it would appear, from the amount of comment published in the British press, that the subject concerns people in Britain more than people in the U.S.A recent report from Charles Bremner, their New York correspondent, appeared on the front page of The Times . It dealt with what Bremner characterized as the “new plague of euphemisms” that threatens to overcome meaningful communication between Americans.
Halfway through the program--and apropos of nothing--host Donaldson explained that Reno had been invited to appear on the show but had "set conditions" that the show was "not able to meet."
Despite numerous reported differences, it does appear that diverse GPCRs share common mechanistic themes during ERK stimulation, including the tyrosine-phosphorylation of Shc and its complexing with Grb2, mSOS recruitment, the GTP-loading of Ras, and Raf-1 activation leading to MEK-1 phosphorylation [ 1 ] . However, the progression of each of these downstream events after GPCR stimulation depends first on the tyrosine phosphorylation of a membrane-bound protein that will be used as a scaffold, which will bind the other proteins (e.g.
Diminishing returns , economy of scale , invisible hand , opportunity cost --all appear commonly in noneconomic settings.
However, they also said that electronic comments appeared particularly helpful on less controversial rules with technical elements and on which commenter interaction was possible-in essence, a realtime, informal "peer review."
T. Part of his imprint appears in absurd Anglo-Saxon rules, word for word (6) = ?
A hike downhill leads to a mysterious structure that has been interpreted both as a burial chamber and as a bath house (it now appears to be the latter).
To some, the instance was clearly not an application of the case study method, because "we do not know if the instances are representative of the universe," and "there doesn't appear to be enough done at each site."
Skirts may appear some day (that's a prediction) but probably with a military flavor, the kind built into the Scottish kilt or the battle dress of Roman soldiers.
Intergenic splicing appears to be a rare event: apparently there have been only six other cases reported in mammals.
Comparing Figure 9to Figure 3in [ 1 ] , we located several areas of high OPR for breast cancer near the cluster of low breast cancer incidence identified in the local Moran analysis [ 1 ] . We also note the cluster of high breast cancer SMR found on southeastern Long Island is in an area of low OPR [ 1 ] . Based on map inspection, overall there appears to be a negative relationship between OPR and breast cancer incidence so that clusters of high breast cancer incidence occur where OPR is low, and clusters of low incidence occur where OPR is high.
That's the caption to a grim front-page photo in today's New York Times . Participants are invited to submit a caption sure to appear on the front of any paper the day after the House votes on impeachment.
The quality of the tape itself is often fuzzy (no matter that the interviews appear to be unrehearsed).
Another obvious bonus, although impossible to over-emphasize, is the absence of cars, the simple joy of wandering around a town relieved of traffic and pollution, of standing on a little humpback pedestrian bridge far from the Grand Canal and hearing only the water lapping against the moss-covered walls, or the occasional swish of a sleek gondola that appears out of nowhere.
Despite the absence of funding, it appears that a number of prospective clinical trials
Tomorrow's headlines today: Although the story may not have appeared in the Los Angeles edition of the New York Times being placed right now outside the door of your splendid suite at the Peninsula, 8,668 of the New York grade-schoolers who were informed last spring they'd flunked, and had to take remedial summer courses, did not in fact flunk.
Cerebral cortex was measured from the first section on which it appeared through its caudal extent, with the lateral boundary defined by entorhinal cortex.
Our cluster of 234 genes has 38 genes in common with this cluster of 380, and they are indicated by an asterisk in Table 2. Five of the 234 genes also appear in the unsupervised clusters found earlier, in the second of the three clusters.
Figure 3shows that Hoxc-8 transgenic chondrocytes morphologically appeared normal and were able to produce Collagens II and X, and sulfated proteoglycans (Panels C, G, I, D, H, J and B, F respectively).
Mrs. Claus appeared in 1899.
The binding appeared augmented by ~ 30% in 1 M NaCl.
And finally, it appears that source reduction strategies can result in financial benefits, without even considering the reduced costs of regulatory compliance.
Based on the potential of contrast material to worsen the respiratory condition of patients with ALI, its administration to assist in differentiating between lung consolidation and pleural effusion does not appear justified.
First, approximately 60% of the 16S and nearly 80% of the 23S rRNA base pairs predicted in the initial structure models appear in the current structure models.
However, both messages appear to be present at the same level in the total RNA preparation (fifth lane).
However, this version of Boi1 appeared to function less efficiently than did wild-type Boi1: at 23°C, the percentage of colonies that showed either moderate or heavy sectoring with Boi1(TK) was only 29%, and, at 30°C, the percentage of colonies that showed moderate or heavy sectoring with Boi1(TK) was only 10%.
It appears that these TrpEa proteins, although lacking their own catalytic activity, are still functional in maintaining the TrpEb activity.
Brill himself appeared on several of the shows to discuss Point 4. Clintonians, led by Rahm Emanuel ( Meet the Press ), made appearances to call for an investigation.
The 3'-UTR of SLC4A9 is fragmented into six alternatively spliced exons, of which no more than two appear to be used per isoform and four harbor polyadenylation signals within expressed repetitive elements.
It appears to be expressed at the highest levels in liver, then testis, kidney and retina.
Mefloquine does not appear to cause florid signs of liver disease.
In severe systemic inflammation in humans, however, enormous levels of ProCT and other component peptides appear in the serum, while mature serum CT remains normal or only minimally elevated [ 17].
In the second conversation, at about 9:45, the Chief of Department suggested that given how the North Tower appeared to him, the senior lobby chief might want to consider evacuating FDNY personnel.
While appearing critical, this story could help McCain by putting distance between him and the liberal media, Seib said.
This book appears to have been diligently researched and has much to recommend it as an adjunct to most libraries, public and private, large and small, general and specialized.
The nonimmigrant residents of Miami and Los Angeles appear in Rieff's books to be, if not entirely clueless about what's going on around them, then at least hopelessly unable to explain it.
Hambali did not originally orient JI's operations toward attacking the United States, but his involvement with al Qaeda appears to have inspired him to pursue American targets.
ActA-dependent cytoplasmic motility of L. monocytogenesdoes not appear to induce de novohost transcription
The CFEOM1 phenotype does not, however, appear to result from mutations in ARIX.
The more usual form of singularizing appears when we are told that someone is no longer in the good grace of someone else; the ground for divorce was...; the supervisor or custodian (i.e., janitor] of a school building was also responsible for the upkeep of its ground ; and one reporter, evidently mightily disturbed by the prevalent pluralism, even tried to make a singular noun still more so by lopping off its final s : a specie of mammal (which one might think is right on the money).
It thus appears that part of the diversification of CSN function may arise from formation of smaller subcomplexes.
We chose to look at Gro-1 (MSGA) production and secretion as it appeared to be one of the most highly induced chemokines at the RNA level (Figures 2, 6), and is known to be a target of NFκB activation [ 47].
No genes appeared to be significantly induced by any single genotype of L. monocytogenes , according to either method of analysis.
“Sir Leicester,’ the author quotes from Bleak House , “appears to have a stately liking for the legal repetitions and prolixities as ranging among the national bulwarks.
One main reason for the softening, says the paper, is that Clinton doesn't want to appear to be pressuring Reno.
Hence, targets for Thy-1 vesicles appear to be parabasal cells adjacent to the b/pb interface, i.e., epithelial cells expressing MHC class I and entering differentiation.
The major bands appear similar in the two preparations.
This now appears to be an ineluctable law of modern politics: All first ladies become unpopular.
In the Examiner story, port director Doug Wong appears scheduling a hearing about one of Charlie Walker's crony's development projects, which is apparently now under investigation.
Large-scale RCTs must be done to identify the health outcomes whose benefit appears most promising.
Multiple stories about it have appeared, for example, in major Czech newspapers.
The static fluid cultures used in the experiments reported here always appear to develop internal fluid motions even though the external environment is held at constant temperature.
A few ancient and widespread β-rich folds such as the SH3-like barrel and the OB fold appear to have colonized multiple functional niches early in evolution, although their earliest versions may have had roles related to RNA metabolism [ 9, 11, 12, 13].
After a mutant allele of Pten was crossed into Wnt-1 TG mice, we found that ductal carcinomas appeared earlier than either alteration alone and that LOH at the Pten locus occurred in the majority of these tumors, suggesting a selective growth advantage in cells that lack Pten functions.
But, Slate protests, "it was [Gates'] byline that appeared on the cover."
' It has appeared in such unlikely combinations as talkathon, walkathon, aquathon, ski-a-thon, bike-athon, birdathon, sell-athon, sale-athon, curl-a-thon (a `hairstyling extravaganza'), and even the seemingly unnecessary jogathon and runathon (denoting more leisurely or shorter races than a marathon).
In retrospect, Clinton appears to have shrewdly pitted the Ickes group against Morris as an exercise in the management style FDR called "creative tension."
The White House Inn , for example, has become The White House a Country Inn . Note there is no punctuation in the phrase nor a capital letter on the second article, and it is the second article that appears to be a key.
He actively sets out to make himself appear the biggest creep who ever walked the earth.
The primary biological function of these proteins appears to be related to polyphosphate and nucleotide metabolism.
Surely it cannot appear as a label, since the phrase, which is literal, hence not an entry, is a description of a military punishment.
Only twenty years ago did those now ubiquitous and--depending on how one perceives them-- exuberantly eloquent or infuriatingly laconic logos begin to appear on highway and street signs; in terminals (do kilted Scots or slacks-clad women ever end up in the wrong lavatories?); computer screen displays; and instruction manuals for electr(on)ic gadgetry.
Publishing seems to be in between--books by [Michael] Crichton, [Stephen] King, and other superstars appear to get a small premium (about $3 more in hardback based on a casual flip through Amazon).
While the patient may appear well and communicative during an observation, changes in orientation could occur a few minutes later [ 1, 3].
The attorneys who appear before Zelon attest to the fact that counsel and clients in her courtroom have faith in her objectiveness.
This expression appears occasionally throughout the history of inaugurals, but it has hit its stride in recent years.
It appears that no one informed higher levels of management in either the FBI or CIA about the case.
PKC has been suggested to play a role in synapse stability and signal transduction at the NMJ [ 24 ] . When calcium influx through the nAChR occurs, acetylcholine appears to activate PKC phosphorylation of this receptor [reviewed by [ 31 ] ]. Phorbol ester activation of PKC causes loss of synapses and nAChR [ 49 ] . Because the presynaptic PKCβ fluorescence band parallels the nAChR band (see fig.
Sequences from an interaction library and pure plant root cultures appear together for comparison.
It appears that the folding of GFP to form a fluorophore is thermodynamically favorable at most insertion sites.
Overall, the number of regulated genes with SREs and PPREs indicates the breadth of molecular responses to dietary LC-PUFA, many of which appear to be co-orchestrated not only by these two transcription factors, but by additional elements as well.
The editorship of Tina Brown is usually credited—more usually, faulted— with that journal's frequent use of the word, and though writers did use it frequently under Ms. Brown, in fact fuck appeared there, spelled in full, in 1985, during the editorship of the puritan William Shawn, in a short story by Bobbie Ann Mason: Maybe you have to find out for yourself.
It was shown numerically in [ 8 ] that spontaneous oscillations appear at the nominal parameter values found in Table 1. Note that because there are typographical errors in the original paper, the values being used here for the nominal parameters were obtained directly from the authors of [ 8 ] .
The activity of the EUS also appears to decrease after central application of clozapine.
I can suggest a possibility about how such an unjust and demonstrably false characterization of my views came to appear in your message to [Philip] Gourevitch.
The Brits feel they know India, and several members of the press, at least, appear unimpressed.
Even a cursory reading of All the News That's Fit to Print turns up examples of males appearing bare-legged, not to mention bare-bottomed.
The prevalence of obesity in the cases and controls also appears higher than expected but this may be consistent with the increasing rate of obesity in developing countries, especially in the urban areas [ 38 ] . Preclinical weight loss is not usually a problem in breast cancer [ 39 ] , and sub-analysis of our data confirmed this.
Furthermore, CD98 association with β1 integrins appears to occur in the context of an ordered lipid microdomain (as evidenced by co-localization in light membrane fractions of sucrose density gradients), and appears to require the light chain of CD98.
Lukas' book runs afoul of this conventional wisdom in two ways: first, by describing a world (as Woody West complains in a dismissive review of Big Trouble for the Weekly Standard ) in which there was "no middle term" between plutocrats and wage slaves; and second, by appearing to ignore what West contends is "the most remarkable fact of the capital consolidation of those years, especially in the West: the permeable nature of 'class' in America."
Therefore, the polyC tract in Cpn 041 and Cpn 045 appear to be conserved among isolates, a result consistent with the data in the genome sequences.
It concluded the section specified four categories of prohibited activities, of which "three appear[ed] to prohibit the type of activity named regardless of viewpoint, while one might be read to prohibit the activity only when it seeks reform."
The fibroblast-like cells appeared in the CD34-depleted cultures at the same time as in untreated controls (usually day 3 or 4).
Beneath a drawing of a small girl out walking with her grandfather appeared the following exchange:
In some cases, as in the attachment of PKA, this function appears to be crucial for the spatial regulation of signal transduction.
The data on two types of leukemia, ALL and AML, appeared in Golub et al . [ 16 17 ] . Samples of both types were hybridized to 38 arrays.
Drosophila luciferase assay [ 13 ] . Phase coherence and comparison analyses [ 32 ] , have appeared in Yang et al.
In contrast, the Iowa Women's Health Study showed no association with WHR, and an earlier report of interaction with family history appeared to have attenuated with time [ 25 26 ] . In the New York University Women's Health Study, the multivariable analysis showed an association between the lowest quintile and the highest quintile of WHR and breast cancer of 1.72 (95% confidence interval = 1.0-3.
The description of the pronunciation of English is much fuller in the front matter of the W , but, as the only people who read the front matter of dictionaries seem to be students (who are enjoined to under pain of death) and other lexicographers, the absence of comprehensive coverage of the subject in L would not appear to be a serious omission.
(Reno didn't seem to receive any special treatment on Face the Nation , where she appeared Sunday.)
The Tie receptors and the ligands Ang-1 and Ang-2 appear to be involved in the later stages of vessel growth and remodeling [ 8 13 ] . Transgenic mice with gene deletions [ 7 8 13 ] or overexpression of Ang-2 [ 6 ] exhibit early embryonic lethality secondary to defects in the developing vasculature.
2e), where their nuclei were fragmented into more than two pieces (middle panel) and golgin-97 staining appeared as vesicular structures.
Certain loci mutate so slowly that particular alleles appear to become fixed in specific species and/or biovars of Brucella (e.g.
In our neuronal cultures it appears that the DNA: PEI ratio of 1 μg: 5 μg, or 0.2, which produces complexes that bear a net positive charge, produces the highest yield.
Instead, refer to Appendices IV and V, where eleven pages of rules appear to leave no ambiguities."
The reasons for a strong association between ADHD and obesity (particularly extreme obesity) are unknown, but there are a number of reported findings that appear to be relevant and certainly interesting.
Disruption of the countin gene results in extremely large mounds and fruiting bodies [ 13 ] . As noted above, one of the phenotypes associated with disruption of the ifkA gene was large aggregates and fruiting bodies, and these aberrations appeared to result from a secreted factor(s).
Tom Daschle, appearing on NBC's Meet the Press , found the hearings insufficiently bipartisan.
Visually, the spot creates the sense of a one-on-one conversation between each viewer and the appealing woman in the soft yellow suit who's sitting casually in what appears to be her living room.
That category might appear either to be strikingly enriched (with five out of five genes flagged) or strikingly depleted (with none out of five genes flagged).
Beck's first contribution will appear Monday evening.
In the film, for example, his wrestling days come to an abrupt end after he and Lawler erupt into a brawl while appearing on Late Night With David Letterman . But in life, the rematches would continue.
We are still researching this, but it seems that fuck first appeared in mainstream movies around 1970 ( MASH and Myra Breckenridge ); it had been used earlier in several avant-garde films.
Ted Bernstein, when he was assistant managing editor of The New York Times , published a house organ, “Winners and Sinners,” that offered kudos for the occasional “bright passage” or deft metaphor and cited questionable and nonstandard grammar and usage that appeared in the newspaper.
In America, during the 19th century, the noun rodomontade , spelled rhodomontade, appears in the autobiography of Catharine Maria Sedgwick, whose work dates from 1853.
It appears that there has been rapid deterioration of TrpEa, but not of TrpEb.
In conclusion, CD81 costimulation appears to have multiple effects on T cells, including costimulation of Th1 and Th2 cytokine production in short-term assays, and preferential induction of Th2 cell proliferation in long-term cultures of human memory T cells.
Astronomers estimated that the moon appeared 7 percent to 14 percent larger than normal and 3 percent to 7 percent brighter.
Whereas the C. elegans genome appears to lack TMC subfamily B and C genes, some insects have genes for all three TMC subfamilies.
Transformation appears to involve autocrine stimulation as IGF-I production and secretion is increased in normal cells following transformation by SV40 T antigen, but the null cells cannot respond to the IGF-I so do not transform.
Excessively long CAG repeats in the AR gene are a rare cause of spinal-bulbar muscular atrophy [ 13], and AR repeat length appears to have an influence on the biology of certain tumors [ 14, 15].
(The errors in this French dialogue as it appears in the First Folio, some or all of which may be typos, have been edited out of subsequent editions, such as The Annotated Shakespeare, edited by A.L. Rowse.)
He was widely recognized, but it appeared he did not wish to be seen.
The NBs appear to be storage or regulatory sites for BLM and are not required for BLM activity.
The T. acidophilum A-ATPase intein appears to splice out efficiently at very different pHs (7.
Fragments of fiction appeared in The New Yorker throughout the '60s and '70s, but they eventually amounted not to a novel but to a second collection, Stories in an Almost Classical Mode (1988).
Beatty can forbid interviews, decline to answer questions, and refuse to appear in public.
However, when I highlighted antecedent , what appeared on the screen was the same list of synonyms but with antecedent missing, and preceding had reappeared.
The mechanisms involved in sexual transmission of HIV-1 appear to be complex and are not yet fully defined [ 38 39 ] . Thus, a microbicide with HIV-1 inhibitory activity could provide protection in vivo only if both the compound and the virus reach susceptible cells before productive infection could occur.
The genomic sequence and exon placement was later confirmed with human genome sequences that subsequently appeared in GenBank (accession number AC010789).
This book appeared originally under the title, The Oxter English Dictionary (Facts On File, 1984), then as The Penguin Dictionary of Curious and Interesting Words (Penguin, (1986).
She was thinner, some of her facial features appeared to have changed shape, her blond hair was curled, and she was wearing a beautiful white maxi with a flowered pattern on it.
Consequently, very low levels of RU486 appear to mediate partial neural normalization.
Information on similar critical care services utilized by comparable hepatobiliary services at other institutions is not available in the surgical literature; however, this appears to be an appropriate level of care, because the mortality of patients treated postoperatively with floor care alone was only 1% (five out of 505 patients).
The essentially complete suppression of the mCul1 phenotype by reduction of the genetic dose of E2F suggests a remarkable level of specificity, in which, among the many targets of Cul1 action, the destruction of E2F appears to be particularly important.
False sites did not appear to be a problem with PSI>=70%, but lowering the PSI for finding the Bact517 site to 60% did result in 9 false positives (Table 1).
Add this to such eco-perversions (noted by Gregg Easterbrook) as: logging, acid rain and the hole in the ozone layer all appear to reduce global warming.
The 23S rRNA diagrams (which appear in two halves) are presented on one line as a single unit to ensure that both halves are downloaded.
No paper appeared to have collected any comments by Kabila himself on the uprising.
They appeared to revel in death and blood and hate for its own sake alone.
It was during this time that foreign navigators referred to the bay as Humpback Bay, or Bahía de las Jorobadas, because of the large number of humpback whales that appeared — and still appear — every winter.
In addition, the density of neuronal attachment and neurite growth appeared to be greater on md corpus callosum and neurites extending on gray matter were less inhibited at borders with the md corpus callosum (Fig.
In 1903 a Greek papyrus drama fragment from Oxyrhyncus (Egypt) was published in which an Indian appears conversing in his mother tongue.
Given that 1) Boi1 and Boi2 are important proteins whose functions appear to be linked to those of Cdc42 and Rho3, 2) the PH domain appears to be of particular importance for Boi1 function, and 3) a general role of PH domains may be to bind acidic phospholipids, we wanted to know whether the PH domain of Boi1 binds acidic phospholipids and, if it does, whether this binding is important for the function and proper localization of Boi1.
That's the caption to a grim front-page photo in today's New York Times . Participants are invited to submit a caption sure to appear on the front of any paper the day after the House votes on impeachment.
The main reason for the low yields appears to be the result of large droplets falling out in the drying jar prior to entry into the exposure chamber.
The actors appear to be entertaining themselves so much that some of the tension dissipates, and the ease with which the movie goes down ends up working against it.
It seems that in recent years, on average, three people a month between the ages of 15 and 44 have died there under circumstances that have never been cleared up, a rate that appears, the Post says, to be the highest in the country.
All but one of Yardeni's "great or terrible" ratings fall in the "great" category; the only movie Yardeni appears to have outright hated in recent years was Boogie Nights ,* a film that Chatterbox would assign at least one plus sign.
The only prominent mention was a confused quasi-defense that appeared on the New York Times op-ed page a few weeks ago.
But they don't appear to have considered what the death of inflation might mean for their tax-cutting fervor.
"Inappropriate" easily outstripped "evil," a word that appeared in the Congressional Record a mere 250 times, though--William Bennett, Gertrude Himmelfarb, and other denouncers of moral relativism take note-- it still lagged behind "wrong," which appeared in excess of 999 times (the CR search engine doesn't count beyond three digits).
Near-duplicate sequences appear throughout the genome, producing a 'plaid' appearance on many chromosomes.
In such circumstances, a message appears on the screen that explains, in quasi-legalistic terms, why the viewer is looking at the message instead of the program.
This allows for sufficient numbers of transfected cells and appears to lessen the PEI burden per neuron, yet does not preclude detailed morphological analyses of individual neurons.
What is even more alarming is that these bewilderingly vague sentiments have begun appearing in the English-speaking world.
Other songs date back to the 16 th century, or the 17 th or the 18 th . Then Patton, appearing here under his record-company-imposed pseudonym, "the Masked Marvel," cuts loose with "Mississippi Boweavil Blues," a number as new and startling and disruptive today as it was the day he wrote it; dispensing with verse-chorus, he barks and then punctuates with two klaxon notes--rock 'n' roll!
West's picture invariably appears on the cover of his books, and their interiors contain nearly as many self-references as those of that other Bradley mentor, Pat Moynihan.
E♭ is the tonal center for measures 95-134, although it does not appear as a strong bass note until measure 131.
As neurites approached the crushed tissue they often appeared to deviate from a parallel orientation and also appeared shorter in length (Fig.
Following reasonable suit, okeh appears in 1919, and okay is charted in 1929.
An excellently reported piece detailing how the U.S. missed India's nuclear preparations appears on the NYT 's page three.
Although multi-species studies are complex and multi-factorial, M. avium appears to be able to survive in secondary lysosomes better than does M. tuberculosis [ 18 ] . In macrophages co-infected with Coxiella burnetii, an intracellular pathogen known to inhabit and replicate within secondary lysosomes [ 19 ] , M. avium growth was not impaired [ 18 ] . Whereas M. tuberculosis bacilli that co-localized with C. burnetii containing vacuoles, did show reduced growth [ 18 ] . A recent report by Thomsen et al.
Thus it appears ideal for both the in vitro and in vivo study of newly characterized genes in their role in tumor formation and progression.
express horror at appearing on stage without corsets.
In pat1-114 ts meioses Rec12 appears to persist until about the time of the second meiotic division (N.
But one is given to wonder about the treatment of Geiger counter , which we know is a radiation counter developed by the German physicist Hans Geiger (evidently working with someone named Müller, whose given name appears to have disappeared but who once shared the honors, as the former name of the device was Geiger-Müller counter ): this is described as a translation of Geigerzahler [lit.
Even very diverse sites seldom appear in more than a few categories.
Similarly diffuse signal patterns did not appear as punctate when tissue was subject to less severe unmasking conditions.
Importantly, synovial fluid T cells appeared to have been more affected by the synovial microenvironment than synovial tissue T cells because, regardless of the in vitro priming conditions, these cells yielded increased percentages of IFN-γ producers and were deficient in IL-4 producers.
Several BBMV proteins appear present in the APN-containing fraction prior to size-exclusion purification (Fig.
Schiff has also appeared recently in the tabs.
There appears to be only one solution.
The difference in cost for the first and subsequent years appears to be based on EPA's estimate that each task required including compliance determinations for the new facilities covered, the overall affect of the modified interpretation of "otherwise use," rule familiarization, and report preparation will be substantially higher during the first year.
I was surprised and saddened to see David M. Mastio's article, "Give This Subsidy a D-," appear in Slate.
Certain integrins appear to be preferentially associated with specific growth factor receptors [ 80 ] . The interaction of these two receptor classes seems to take place via the actin cytoskeleton.
There are stories that narrate how she especially liked to help women in need and poor children, although it appears her goal was also to Christianize the Indians of the Southwest, whom she visited often.
The sort of story that, post-Monica, has been far too scarce appears today on the LAT front: the paper's long-time defense business reporter Ralph Vartabedian reports that new government information out today shows that the Pentagon still can't protect itself against embezzlement and overpayment.
This lack of response appears to be due to the down-regulation of EGFRs from these cells as confirmed by immunoblots using the anti-EGFR antibody (data not shown).
None of these appears in the Bibliography, however, which seems to be given over to books and articles dealing with the teaching and learning of vocabulary.
By Québec provincial law, public signs are all in French, and so we will often give you here, beside the English names, the French version as it appears on maps and signposts.
To some extent, high expression levels appear to compensate for low numbers of common probe pairs between chip generations, with highest correlations reached when increased gene expression was combined with a large number of common probe pairs (Figure 5and 6).
For one thing, LawGuy's answers were clear and prompt, while the actual lawyers' answers could be turgid, filled with statutory language, including formal citations, sometimes posted long after the question appeared.
The residues in the MIDAS motifs lie on three closely apposed loops located on the upper edge of the β-sheet, where they form the metal-binding site, with oxygen atoms in the aspartate, serine and threonine residues coordinating the metal ion [ 9 ] . In integrin α2β1, which is a collagen receptor, the metal-binding site also binds the collagen ligand through the conserved glutamate in a GFOGER motif (O = hydroxyproline) completing the coordination sphere of the metal [ 28 ] . In vivo, the binding of collagen at this site appears to be regulated through a conformational shift in which the loops forming the MIDAS site change from a closed to an open conformation [ 29 30 31 ] . Other proteins containing a domain with all three MIDAS motifs include the D-subunit of magnesium chelatase [ 32 ] , Ca-activated chloride-channel protein [ 33 34 ] , nitrate reductase (accession AAC79447), and the D subunit of nitric oxide reductase (accession AAC45374).
While unprepared lawyers annoy her, several things about the lawyers who appear before her impress Zelon.
During her 1995-96 term as president of the Los Angeles County Bar Association, Zelon appeared before Congress and successfully argued against its proposed elimination of the Public Service Corp., which grants funds to independent local programs that provide civil legal assistance to the poor.
Although BMP-4 expression appears tightly regulated over the cycle, it remains to be determined how the regulation is controlled.
This does not appear to be a convenient failure to recall opinions that have since become unpopular or embarrassing.
Since BDNF appears to be exclusively produced by hair cells [ 6 7 20 ] , the lack of terminal differentiation of hair cells appears to be accompanied by only limited expression of BDNF, as is the case in the canal cristae (Fig.
The brouhaha over this show of young British artists, which appeared at the Royal Academy of Art in London two years ago, began when New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani blasted the exhibit as "sick" because it included, among other things, a portrait of the Virgin Mary splotched with elephant dung.
Instead of extending radially through the tunnel of Corti to outer hair cells, afferents appear to stall and extend in longitudinal directions as inner spiral bundles (Figs.
In contrast, plasma IL10 levels did not appear to be sensitive markers in our studies; IL10 production by circulating mononuclear cells, however appears to be associated with disease.
Although at first glance it might appear that they represent a clear choice between selfishness and generosity, these two sites and the underlying issues they address, are inextricably linked.
U.S. experts said the threat to widespread health appeared small.
C- myc amplification appears to represent a prognostic marker with which early recurrence may be predicted in NNBC patients.
Just as the APSES domain appears to be a derivative of a KilA-N domain captured by the cellular genome, the TEN domains appear to have been derived through the ancient cellular capture of an inactive LAGLIDADG-like domain [ 32].
Some future male Madonna appearing onstage in his bullet jock will signal the pinnacle, I suppose.
The presence language appeared in the LSC appropriations act as part of an effort to expand LSC representation to aliens other than lawful residents, and does not appear to have been intended to limit LSC representation to aliens who were continuously physically present in the United States.
Acl exhibits strong similarity to coenzyme F390 synthetase of methanogenic archaea, as well as to phenylacetate-CoA ligase of E. coli . As Xylella does not appear to make the F420 cofactor that is the substrate of F390 synthetase, the function of Acl is likely to be closer to phenylacetate-CoA ligase.
This effect is relatively specific since DOTMAC disrupted microtubules and they appeared as amorphous filaments (Figure 8D).
Motassadeq appears to have done the most.
One of the great advantages of having Bill's articles in book form is that associated with them are the letters he has received from readers which rarely (if ever) appear in the newspapers where his column is syndicated.
A potential explanation for this may relate to the demonstration that citrulline appears to be an essential constituent of the antigenic determinants recognized by AKA, APF, and AFA.
Peevish , from which the noun and verb peeve appear to have been back-formed, has been used since the 14th century with a wide variety of senses, including `childish, silly, wayward, thoughtless, froward, uncouth, perverse' (which some think is the source), and even `witty.
… His flunking of the pop quiz test is snowballing into a major political threat to the Republican Party as their top candidate, who has raised millions of dollars, appears increasingly like a dumb duffer who cannot make out whether a 'military coup' is a good thing or bad."
The programme appears to have had the greatest impact on shops and kiosks.
Of course, said Bork, who appears as a regular cast member in those situation comedies that pass as "talk shows" every night, vigorously extolling the virtues and honesty of "Judge" Starr.
Furthermore, genetic complementation studies have demonstrated that LPS and Tlr4 enter into close physical proximity in the course of signal transduction - Tlr4 appears to bind directly to LPS.
They typically appear at the cellular blastoderm stage and resolve into specific anlagen towards the beginning of gastrulation (examples are given in Figure 6a).
With respect to inflammatory bowel disease, MAdCAM-1 appears to be essential to the lymphocyte homing to the mucosa associated lymphoid tissue (MALT) [ 6 37 38 46 ] . Since MAdCAM-1 is normally expressed mainly within the gut microvasculature, and is dramatically amplified during IBD, it has been suggested that increased MAdCAM-1 expression contributes to the etiology of IBD through its ability to direct homing of lymphocytes to the gut.
Neither fitter (in this sense) nor flugens appears in any readily available American dialect reference, nor do they appear to be related to German words of similar sound.
This inquiry appears to stimulate reflection and dialogue about the potential for a patient's death and, as hinted by one resident's response, may be less threatening than "is your patient dying?"
Regarding the review of Family Words [XV,3], some 30 years ago an article appeared in The Atlantic Monthly under the title “Lady Mondagreen.”
[ Entitle and title , as transitive verbs meaning `give a title to,' appear to be coeval, both given their earliest citations in the 14th century in the OED . Thus, one is given a choice between them, a choice that might be dictated by the style, meter, and rhythm of a sentence or by personal preference.
Altogether, E2 appears to stimulate terminal differentiation of trophoblast cells derived from normal and abnormal placentae (both expressing ERα in vitro) and to enhance a fusion of syncytial clusters into extremely large aggregates.
Hence, by default it appears that the unlinked trpEb_2 must function for tryptophan biosynthesis in these organisms.
Ultimately, despite improving arterial oxygen content, PEEP may decrease oxygen delivery to various organs, among which the splanchnic vascular bed appears to be particularly at risk because of its predisposing features and the influence of PEEP on regional blood flow distribution.
Signaling between neighboring cells appears to regulate primary motor neuron specification: when we removed primary motor neurons soon after birth they were replaced, presumably by neighboring precursors.
The nuclear staining patterns of SKP2 and p27 appeared mutually exclusive.
Byatt's Possession was on the Chronicle list for six weeks before it appeared on the Times list.
These effects on colocalization appear to be additive, as did the overall stimulation of AChR expression (Figure 2A).
Only GenBank sequence accession identifiers that appear in the MGI database were retained in TC-GB and GB-TC because those sequences will bridge the transitive associations between MGI genes and TCs.
The SC are vestiges of the cranial portion of the mesonephric tubules and ducts, and in the adult ovary appear as a cluster of blind tubules in the hilar region.
A highly ordered chromatin structure presents a physical obstacle for gene transcription; presumably by limiting the access of transcription factors and RNA polymerase II core machinery to target DNA [ 82 83 ] . In concert with the observation that corepressors are associated with HDAC activities [ 84 85 ] , it appears that the transcriptional outcome of nuclear receptors is determined by the balance of histone acetylation and deacetylation activities, and that ligands serve as a switch to recruit HATs with the concomitant dismissal of HDACs.
This type of enzyme recruitment, which takes advantage of already existing substrate-specificity determinants, but requires changes in catalytic groups, appears to occur rather infrequently [ 55].
But the drop in AOL's price was noteworthy because it seems to have been provoked almost entirely by a negative item on the company that appeared in Barron's over the weekend.
If I am again touched by the muse, Paring Pairs may appear again.
An inside story at the NYT says that the gay oriented magazine, The Advocate , reports that a gay Marine who was pseudonymously the subject of a NYT Sunday Magazine article last year appeared in several gay pornographic films while he was on active duty.
(We actually identified another study that appeared to be a preliminary report of another study in the group [ 35 ] .)
Fact: As I wrote, quoting the transcript of May 11, Matthews identified Cody Shearer by name the night Willey appeared . There are many words to describe the way Matthews behaved.
Desensitization occurs both in cell culture systems [ 10 11 12 ] and in the intact animal [ 13 14 ] . In general the mechanisms of desensitization for the alpha-2 adrenergic receptors appear to be similar to those for the beta-2 receptor.
As can be seen from the results in Table 3, this does not appear to be a common motif for G protein-coupled receptors, not even for alpha-2 adrenergic receptors.
By contrast, Clinton appears intermittently in decidedly presidential footage.
But because assessing computer-processed data requires more technical tests, it may appear that such data are subject to a higher standard of testing than other evidence.
From work reported here it appears that such robust spores, if delivered to Mars on spacecraft, could survive for extended, if not indefinite, periods of time in the cold, dry, preserving environment of Mars, despite the presence of strong oxidants in the soil.
In addition to having academic difficulties at this time, Shehhi appeared to become more extreme in the practice of his faith; for example, he specifically avoided restaurants that cooked with or served alcohol.
Our use of REIMS II data as a proxy for this distribution appears plausible, but no more.
Pat Buchanan appeared on both CNN's Late Edition and Fox News Sunday to advocate punishing China for its human-rights violations, high trade barriers, and arms sales to rogue nations such as Iran.
In the increasingly cynical world of big-time sports--which are businesses that try to pretend they're just games, peopled by too many phonies who get passed off as heroes--the U.S. women were precisely what they appeared to be: An authentic team.
Additionally, It appears that panning seems to favor the enrichment of regulatory surrogates versus irrelevant peptides.
Oregon Green 488 and BODIPY Fl, which are smaller and uncharged, appear to be the most useful fluorophores for labeling SP without altering the normal functions of SP at the SPR regardless of the expression system.
This epitope appears to be expressed at similar levels as in biofilms when the bacteria are grown on chocolate agar and in brain heart infusion broth (data not shown).
One of the released prisoners, Ricardo Jimenez, appears on NBC's Meet the Press .
Injured adult DRG neurons do not die after axonal injury [ 15 ] as a result of the upregulation of cell survival factors such as the small heat shock protein HSP27 [ 16 ] . We now find several genes that could have a survival-promoting role, including the peripheral benzodiazepine receptor, whose agonists are potent antiapoptotic compounds [ 17 ] , GADD45A, which maintains genomic stability and appears to be anti-apoptotic in neurons after ischemic damage [ 18 ] , metallothionein 1L, which is a free radical scavenger [ 19 ] , GTP cyclohydrolase 1, which is obligatory for the actions of NGF on PC12 cells [ 20 ] , and IES-JE (MCP-1) which attracts macrophages, which in turn have been reported to have a role in neuronal survival [ 21 ] .
The family of retinoic acid receptors includes those that bind only all-trans retinoic acid (RAR α,β,γ and those that bind either all-trans retinoic acid or 9-cis retinoic acid (RXR α,β,γ Since the transcriptional regulation of the retinoic acid ligand/receptor complex appears to involve the binding of receptor heterodimers (RAR/RXR), the specific cellular response may depend on the ratio of all-trans to 9-cis retinoic acid formed, as well as the expression of receptor subtypes.
As evidenced by the range bars in Figures 1and 2, the variability of actual transcript intensities appears to increase with concentration.
This soil appears to be sterile by our method of life detection; certainly it contains fewer microbial cells than our detection limit.
The number of jobs eliminated by each company appeared in large type next to a photo of the CEO responsible.
But perhaps the uncanny ability not to notice these things is acquired by focusing mainly on , which does appear to run a huge trade surplus even while attracting lots of foreign capital.
That figure was calculated by The Chronicle of Higher Education in its own story on the topic, but in the August 24 Times story, the $797 million appears unattributed in the second paragraph, and the Chronicle shows up in the fourteenth, and without being connected to the figure.
Given a choice, I should prefer to model my language on the writings of acknowledged masters and on the speech of Roosevelts and Churchills rather than on what appears in a student essay.
In some cases the sequence for a given gene appears on the microarray more than once, either by design or by accident.
This excuse usually appears in the form of a corporate press release, because nobody can keep a straight face when it's spoken out loud.
Both China (the third-largest stockpiler) and Russia (the largest) appear to be waiting for the Senate to ratify the treaty before doing so themselves.
E15 + 2 CONT or SN50-treated explants were sectioned, incubated with anti-PCNA using the Zymed mouse PCNA kit (South San Francisco, CA), and counterstained with hematoxylin as previously described [ 13 ] . In this set of experiments, the cytoplasm appears blue and PCNA-positive cells appear dark brown.
The Enquirer won the legal contest, and its cover features the boa-clad Johnson, who could use two wheelbarrows as a brassiere and whose nose is considerably smaller and lips substantially larger than the last time she appeared in the tabs.
The plasmid-borne arsC gene from Salmonella typhimurium , shows little similarity to it's chromosomal equivalent, and appears to be related to the other arsC genes found in plasmids in the Enterobacteriales.
As noted above, these rhythms may appear to be weaker in constant conditions than under LD 12:12 (see Table 2).
One physiological substrate for PP1 appears to be the product of the retinoblastoma susceptibility gene, pRB [ 11 12 13 ] , a demonstrated tumor suppressor.
Greta Garbo, Käthe Kollwitz, and other emancipated women are significantly portrayed, and at the lower right is a map of Europe in which the countries that have given women the right to vote appear in white.
Only one thing made me a little suspicious when cranking up the system: in the descriptive text that appears on the screen, the word labeled is spelt “labelled”--decidedly unAmerican.
Everything, according to Reuters, "from the wedding rings to a week at a penthouse in Cancun" was donated after the groom got 24 companies to sponsor the nuptials in exchange for having their names appear six times--from the invitations to the thank you notes.
The word "abortion" didn't appear until the end of the release.
The NYT says "the Senate appeared hungrier than ever for a graceful exit from a potentially prolonged trial."
For instance, if the branch length were 0.01 [as appears appropriate for HA (unpublished observation)], then the maximum false positive rate would be estimated at 32%.
These actions appeared to have little effect and, when confronted by legal challenges, the United States and the United Nations were often forced to unfreeze assets.
Canton , or as it now appears on modern maps, Guangzhou , means broad region, while Shanghai means over the sea.
Thus, we can see at a glance that, for example, the highest mortality again appeared in the new noun compounds, where 28% of the deletions were noun compounds, whereas the only variant form was tabbouli . The deletions consisted of 134 nouns, 16 adjectives, 12 verbs, and 2 affixes.
It was during this time that foreign navigators referred to the bay as Humpback Bay, or Bahía de las Jorobadas, because of the large number of humpback whales that appeared — and still appear — every winter.
In contrast, the R-PCR product appears to under-represent lower molecular weight species.
However, the plasmid-borne arsC genes appear to be paraphyletic and clearly separate into very different arsC types (Figures 2and 3).
The IC50 concentration for A549 cells didn't appear to have inhibitory effects on human 293 cells (Figure 3).
Gore's campaign appears to be highly effective, as Clinton's approval ratings have kept rising despite new and dramatic sex charges. ...
Its instrumentation tends toward authentic-sounding fiddles and steel guitars, but its sources are people like Neil Young--who shows up in Wilco's and Son Volt's maundering ballads--and the Byrds, whose country-rock Sweetheart of the Rodeo album appears in nearly everything.
However, crushed white matter appeared to be relatively non-permissive for neurite growth.
He appears in Episode 2, and by Episode 3, he's jumpstarted the season.
We did not find deposited cDNA TmcAh and TmcCh , but TmcBh appears to be transcribed (ESTs BM645887, BM621478, BM605758, and BM636384).
These observations appear to indicate that the distribution of conserved gene pairs among prokaryotic genomes carries a phylogenetic signal.
The countryside around here is full of orange and almond groves and, as you head east (back on the main road) towards Tavira, olive groves and vineyards also start to appear.
We would appear to be studying a greater range of lengths, but the range of twitch amplitudes is much less.
Masha Gessen is the chief correspondent for Itogi , the Russian affiliate of Newsweek . Her reports on the turmoil in post-Communist Russia have appeared in the New Republic , the Christian Science Monitor , the Moscow Times (the city's English language daily), and
The relationship between N1/N2 and NASP can be seen in this dendrogram and appears similar in closeness to that of NPM3 and NO29.
As observed in non-diabetic aged transparent and age-related human cataractous lenses, it appears that nuclear fiber cell compaction is responsible for these differences.
But when Odysseus appears alone as a needy traveler before them, the queen narrows her eyes: And just where did you get those clothes you have on?
The Post adds that the White House figured being grilled about Monica at the summit might be politically useful, in that this could make reporters appear unpatriotic.
Having risked appearing foolish in the cause of his art; having tackled his parts with demented, hyperbolic integrity, letting the madness of his roles infuse him and carry him into the ether; having snagged an Oscar for his besotted, bebop melancholia in Leaving Las Vegas ; Nicolas Cage has now set out to prove that he can be as much of an overmuscled jackass as Sylvester Stallone.
Hence, this ovarian antibody test as presently performed has poor specificity, and therefore appears to have no benefit in the evaluation and management of autoimmune premature ovarian failure.
Let's turn to "instrumentalization"--a word which appears to carry a strong negative charge for you.
This process did not appear to have proceeded normally in lenses lacking alphaA and alphaB.
However, when we harvested cultures earlier, at 36 hours post transfection with Δpre-M/E-gp160, intact, fluorescing cells were readily found, though the morphology still appeared atypical compared to either that of cultures transfected with wild type dengue virus and dengue replicons [ 12 ] or the Δpre-M/E-gp120 replicon (see Figure 6).
Although deregulated HER-2 / neu activity can strongly stimulate cytoplasmic signalling pathways, which in turn impinge on c- myc at multiple levels causing its deregulated expression [ 46 ] , this scenario does not appear to be active in NNBC because the recurrence rate of 22 c- myc and HER-2 / neu coamplified patients was only 9%.
A recent study of βERKO mice has shown that ERβ is not required for the normal prepubertal development of the mammary gland but for organization and adhesion of epithelial cells during pregnancy and hence for differentiated tissue morphology [ 23 ] . These observations indicate a possibility of complementary (sequential) roles of ERα and ERβ, since ERα appears to be required for the basic development of estrogen sensitive tissues and ERβ seems to be required for their functional maturation.
Our results appear to violate the principle of negative feedback control over biological processes.
For example, PP5 is a major component of mature glucocorticoid receptor complexes of higher eukaryotes and appears to regulate glucocorticoid receptor function in vivo [ [ 34 ] and references therein].
This is useful for query sequences that are appear to have no orthologs in the current databases.
In addition to these three major groups, there is one small group that has representatives only in the cyanobacteria and plants (Figures 2, 4) and appears to contain more distant relatives of the PRC-H-like PRC-barrels.
The use of the "Affiliation field" is also limited by the fact, that the name of a country can be dropped from the affiliation if the publisher is located in the same country [ 20 ] . Further such a search strategy would be questionable because country names can appear in street names of other countries [ 20 ] . Therefore the use of the "Affiliation Field" was avoided right at the beginning and the affiliation for each single entry was retrieved from the MEDLINE format.
In contrast, fuzzy k-means clustering appears to be less sensitive to over-fitting, because the genes are not forced to belong to only a single cluster.
3 on the New York Times ' paperback best-seller list, editor in chief Scott Dikkers appeared on Conan O'Brien's show, and the publication has signed a deal to make a series of TV specials.
00, while I am grateful for the plug, I realize that the piece must have appeared quite some time ago.
The museum is a lively, sometimes gruesome, trawl through old instruments and techniques, some of which appear far worse than the condition they were intended to relieve.
Although anecdotal, it would appear the RU486 exposed wildtype animal cleared residual late gestation corticosterone following birth more effectively than did the Lifr -/- littermate.
As the LAT says, the escape "appeared to dash whatever hopes remained for a compromise between Beijing" and the Tibetan Buddhist leadership.
A detailed discussion of the comments and the Commission's consideration appears at 61 Fed.
Inside you can find a model of the city as it appeared at that time, as well as the National Covenant document signed by leading Scottish churchmen to protest the attempt by Charles I to introduce Episcopacy (Church of England doctrine) to Scotland.
It might appear odd that some predictors (e.g.
Lifr -/- pups treated with RU486 completely lacked this phenotype and appeared normal.
Now, in the wake of the ruling, the stock did sell off a bit in after-hours trading, but markets are all about anticipation, and the stock market appears to have already anticipated something like the ruling Jackson produced.
And all the loopholes make a "nominally progressive" system much less fair than it appears, and much less fair than a one-size-fits-all system.
For example, if you are writing an article on Churchill , not listed in the 37,000-entry dictionary, the program will stop at the first encounter; but once you have signaled it to GO ON, it will pass over any further repetitions of Churchill . When the temporary memory has been filled, the following message appears on the screen, which makes me wonder why I am relying on the program at all:
A dot-matrix plotacross the genome appears in the additional data files.
Above the x -axis, r 2appears to be correlated with the association efficiency parameter (correlation coefficients of r = 0.77 in The Gambia, and r = 0.91 in Malawi).
Reckless at play, reckless at work, JFK is just a bad man with a nice smile that made travesties appear to be triumphs.
A casual (married) acquaintance of mine appears to be showing but not in a manner in which one can be certain.
Since the sections were not counterstained with hematoxylin in this set of experiments, epithelial cell cytoplasm appears as light brown.
A mechanism of translation initiation utilizing an internal ribosome entry site (IRES [ 63]) appears a better explanation for these cases.
However, within epithelium, the CD68 appeared during transformation of DC precursors into mature DC, in the upper parabasal layers (arrow).
"Clovis-first" theories (named for an archaeological site in New Mexico), which hold that humans appeared here about 12,000 years ago, have been supplanted by evidence of seaside communities in Chile and the Pacific Northwest 30,000 or more years ago.
The dose of MIG-13 appears to affect the extent of anterior cell migrations [ 12].
The head end is markedly raised and appears knobby because of the swollen brain vesicles, the spherical optic vesicles, and the adhesive organs.
The contributors are listed alphabetically at the front, then their contributions appear in the same order; there is no index of words, so one cannot compare and/or contrast selections.
It appears that the only person in a California hospital without bags under her eyes is Elizabeth Taylor, who's suffering from a vertebrae fracture that the tabs fear may leave her unable to walk.
Using the bifurcation analysis software tool AUTO we determined that single parameter changes as small as 20% from the nominal value can cause the limit cycle to disappear and a stable equilibrium to appear.
At the Disney-owned Go.com , for example, no words such as government, politics, or elections appear on the front page.
This paper (to appear in Communications of the ACM ) as well as other material on PICS can be found on the Web.
Most of these double mutations will be classified as compensatory mutations according to our definition (because each individual mutation of such pairs will most likely destroy the secondary structure), and therefore a single neutral path according to random graph theory will appear as several independent paths linked together by compensatory mutations in our analysis.
Since 1998, when the federal government began running unified surpluses, policymakers appear to have agreed to using the Social Security surpluses to reduce federal debt held by the public, and these amounts would translate dollar-for-dollar into government saving.
The midasin signal covered a slightly larger area than the DAPI signal, and sometimes appeared granular or punctate.
These are classes or functional categories of genes that appear overrepresented in the set of differentially expressed genes.
Walking through the galleries, you glimpse a series of moments when an art both new and distinctly American appears.
The results of a small level V study by Palmieri et al [ 26] appear to suggest that dopamine may be useful in shortening the recovery time from interleukin-2-induced ARF.
Far be it from Keeping Tabs--who's no stranger to Coke-bottle lenses--to appear unsympathetic to the visually impaired, but we raised our eyebrows just a tad at the Star 's assessment that this "miracle eye surgery saved [Cox's] vision" when the story explains that it was simple vanity about wearing thick glasses that put Cox under the knife.
Hence, some abnormal term placentae appear to preserve syncytium in a younger state, accompanied by high secretion of hCG.
For example, the origin of mitochondria appears as the second (not first) symbiotic event, and the origin of cyanobacteria comes before the oxygen-utilizing organelles, mitochondria.
But, as it is, you come off as just another self-appointed jerk who appears to write articles mainly for the pleasure of seeing his name and opinions in print, instead of being a person who uses words to persuade rather than to malign.
Women and minorities appear to be benefiting from greater employment opportunities in the United States, but discrimination remains a significant problem, according to a study to be released today by two professors at the Rutgers School of Law in Newark.
Gulls hover over lobster pots or perch on rocky outcrops; channel markers float on the surface and small lighthouses appear on the horizon.
The strip first appeared in Private Eye and was the subject of two films in the early 1970s.
Gedunk appears as a noun in the second edition of the Thesaurus (1953) as a synonym for `ice cream,' suggesting it was derived from the earlier verb [p.
(If you want to see the crash photo that appeared in Bild , click here and scroll down.)
Thus, broadly neutralizing Abs appear to be those that engage few protein positions where variation is positively selected.
In any event, Jarrah appears already to have had Hamburg contacts by this time, some of whom may have played a role in steering him toward Islamic extremism.
In contrast to GoMiner, it appears that GoSurfer does not provide complete quantitative and statistical summary data.
Human and macaque cDNAs have recently appeared in the database that encompass this clone and the sequences of their encoded proteins are compared in figure 7. These polypeptides contain a predicted coiled coil region (figure 2) but do not contain other functional domains that might indicate their possible function(s).
Town Cut is only a few hundred feet across; ships dwarf the surrounding islands and appear to pass through with only inches on either side.
Michael Ovitz appeared in a Bulworth outfit of wraparound shades and a black knit cap.
(This last, aimed mainly at eliminating the issuing of "emergency" teaching certificates, appears to be a concession to the teachers' unions, but it will be accompanied by stricter requirements for testing new teachers.)
Of course, maybe they just thought it was never going to appear.
However, this ratio may be able to change in a load-dependent manner such that the amount of myosin-II that is recruited to the cleavage furrow may be able to generate much greater forces than appear to be minimally required.
These findings suggest that, even though these tumors appear similar in stage, grade and ER status, they in fact exhibit important differences in gene expression that may be associated with different clinical behaviors.
Reefer : A brief front-page synopsis of a story that appears inside the paper.
So it might appear that there are no easy answers, that nothing short of a total restructuring of the Japanese economy can turn it around.
It was there-in reporting to which FBI investigators did not have access-that information regarding the January 2001 identification of Khallad appeared.
In the brain labeled virus neurons first appeared four days post-infection.
Although earlier studies have implicated grooming behavior as a phenomenological correspondent to OCD [ 25 29 ] inhibited by drugs like clomipramine or fluoxetine, the situation appears different for AVP-induced grooming in hamsters.
In folktales from New Mexico, they often appear as balls of fire flying across the sky.
Still, the Journal editorial page should have mentioned the potential grudge--if not in its initial story then in one of the two follow-ups that have appeared since--just as the Washington Post, the New York Times , and NBC News did in their more responsible coverage.
This is most clearly manifest in the two major bacterial clusters that appear in this tree, each with a strong bootstrap support:
In the issue for February 1822 there appeared the obituary of Thomas Coutts, aged 87, “the well-known banker in the Strand.
Neither chemotactic processes, nor directed growth appear to be at play.
However, the transition from euchromatin to heterochromatin appears to be gradual rather than sharp, and the resolution of these cytological mapping experiments appears to be on the order of 100 kb.
In agreement with this possibility, an intracellular domain of LRP5 was reported to interact directly with Axin [ 13 ] , and Wnt signaling appears to stimulate the recruitment of Axin to LRP5 at the membrane, where Axin is degraded.
After a half hour or so in the lobby, we're led into the recital hall, where Machover appears and explains that "some 60 percent of the piece is in place before, and 40 percent will be created at this performance."
Surmounting all is a 36-metre (118-foot) column supporting the ﬁgure of the Archangel Gabriel, who, according to legend, appeared in a dream of St. Stephen’s and offered him Hungary’s first crown.
In a 64-cell embryo, about 30 complete blastomeres appear on the surface, surrounded by marginal cells that are continuous with the yolk cell.
Walsh quite rightly points out that his investigation was undermined at the outset by the congressional Iran-Contra committee's decision to grant immunity to Oliver North and White House National Security Adviser John Poindexter who, along with the conveniently deceased CIA Director William Casey, appear to have been the chief conspirators in the plot.
We show that: (i) cCAF stimulates TN expression and that a 15 aa peptide containing the N-terminal sequence causes the same effects as the whole molecule; (ii) in contrast to its effects on TN production, cCAF-induced increase in FN and Coll I accumulation requires the whole molecule; (iii) the increase in FN protein is not a result of a corresponding increase in mRNA, or increase in MMP production or PA activity but appears to be linked TN production; (iv) increase in Coll I correlates with decreased levels of MMP-1; (v) cCAF chemoattracts fibroblasts and accelerates their migration; (vi) treatment of excision wounds with cCAF increased the levels of all three ECM molecules in the granulation tissue of wounds albeit with different dynamics.
I do not deny the fact that it does not appear as one word, but if it is going to appear that way in anything I have written it will be after I am dead (and if this carping keeps up, there will soon be a contract out on me).
Although it appears to have six stories, the pagoda is actually a three-story structure, each level having an extra roof for added visual impact.
In sepsis, long-term follow up appears to provide more meaningful outcome data for patients, families, and society than do standard 28-day, all-cause mortality statistics.
