Do you remember the combination of elation and apprehension you felt when you first left home?
My guess is that such a quantity might be reached if one counted all the permutations and combinations; in reality, though, there are probably far fewer actual words.
When others were around, & I began spouting weird combinations of things like that, I’d get sidelong glances, raised eyebrows, contorted expressions.
Future secondary prevention studies should look at patients with stable or unstable disease and will need to address the comparative efficacy of different statins (or newer agents), assess the incremental benefit of combination therapy [ 30 ] and determine whether there is a serum cholesterol 'floor' below which reductions are unlikely to provide further clinical benefit.
Vanadyl has been used to estimate the types of groups that serve as metal-ligands in F 1 -ATPase and other enzymes [ 16 18 19 21 ] because the g and A tensors of the 51V hyperfine couplings are approximately a linear combination of tensors from each type of group that contributes an equatorial ligand [ 24 27 ] .
When ADP is the substrate and generates species D1, one water molecule and a combination of three groups between carboxyl groups and phosphates serve as the equatorial ligands of bound VO 2+on sCD39.
The probable combination of carboxyl groups and phosphates for species D1 is one carboxyl group and two phosphates since VO 2+complexes ADP through two phosphates before VO 2+-ADP is bound to the enzyme.
Antie will be a fully autonomous, situated and embodied agent, infiltrating a red harvester ant colony and providing valuable information not only about the hypothesized rules of these ants’ behaviors and their task-switching thresholds, but also about the combination of complex behaviors into a single autonomous system with the ability to switch between behaviors as necessary.
This creates both a smooth transition to the second theme and a strong sense that a new section is beginning, a combination that is generally rather difficult to forge.
Isolated lakes are generally due to local events such as landslides or collapses, which form a dam, but clustered lakes are due to regional processes, which may be related to climate (or paleoclimate), neotectonic deformation, or frequently a combination of these processes.
In the Silicon Valley, collective actions unfold through a combination of mutual interests, intellectual curiosity, and problem solving geared towards developing new markets, technologies, products, or applications for computers.
Together, the combination of behaviours supports current high-technology or film-making projects while it simultaneously develops people for further opportunities.
It's an odd combination - knowing you don't really have a solid grasp on a subject, but still being convinced that one's core principals are enough to overcome any obstacle.
In addition, the combination of emission reductions and timing is not feasible and could threaten the reliability of electricity supply.
ion of excessive borrowing, risky investments, and lack of transparency put the financial system on a collision course with crisis. Clearly, this vulner
Perhaps then, it is a combination of some of these?
Nonetheless, I am apt to believe that homosexuality is the product of some kind of combination of genetic and environmental causes.
In combination with other factors and the policies of the Reorganization Act, these
Thinkig combination.
are a powerful combination.
Macau’s own cuisine is a combination of Chinese flavors with the flavors imported from Portugal, Brazil, and Africa.
Thus, the final gene inventory might depend in part on chance combinations of gene order and deletions occurring early in the process of genome reduction.
Do you remember the combination of elation and apprehension you felt when you first left home?
While the manuscript was under review, results of a clinical trial had been published showing that a systemic combination treatment with IFNg and GM-CSF for as long as 9-weeks failed to induce MHCII on tumor cells in 9 out of 15 hepatocellular carcinoma patients.
Depending on the combination of primary antibodies, cells were incubated for 60 min with goat anti-mouse (GAM) or goat anti-rabbit (GAR) IgG's conjugated with either FITC or rhodamine (Sigma Chemical Co., Louis, MO).
The paper notes that Brown made the announcement in the gourmet kitchen of his $2 million combination home and workspace.
Exons and the proximal promoter of the mouse Myoc gene were amplified from mouse genomic DNA using the following combinations of primers:
The combination of methodologies in the study of the same phenomenon or construct; a method of establishing the accuracy of information by comparing three or more types of independent points of view on data sources (for example, interviews, observation, and documentation; different investigations; different times) bearing on the same findings.
2-, 3- or 4-color flow cytometric analysis was performed on all samples following a standard red cell lysis method using mouse monoclonal antibodies directed against CD45 (clone 2D1, peridin-chlorophyll-a-protein [PerCP]-conjugated,) as well as various combinations of CD26 (fluorescien isothiocyanate [FITC]-conjugated), CD3 (SK7, FITC or phycoerythrin [PE]), CD4 (SK3, PE), CD7 (4H9, FITC), CD8 (SK1, FITC or PE), CD19 (SJ25C1, FITC) and CD26 (L272, FITC).
The first is a purely automatic synthesis from a combination of analyses to predict gene models.
These results, in combination with the aggregate data comparing baseline and immediate post-tests, suggest that Tar Wars is having a positive impact on these children.
As for schnoz , it does sound Yiddish, there does exist a verb schneitzen `to blow one's nose,' and the shn - combination does connote something to do with the nose; but there is no word shnozzle in Yiddish, only noz or, in the alternate dialect, nuz . Phudnik is not a Yiddish word but was clearly formed on the Yiddish root -nik , which also occurs in Slavic.
Rip1-Tag2 mice were given the combination treatment at 10-weeks and again at 13-weeks of age for an intervention trial, or at 13 and 16-weeks for a regression trial.
In combination with other concurrent genomic analyses [ 31 32 33 34 ] , it is likely that most miRNAs in completed animal genomes have now been identified.
Instead, research points to a combination of factors that influence the personal saving rate.
Breastfeeding is associated with a lower incidence of infant diarrhoea and respiratory disease, particularly in less developed countries [ 1 ] . A recent ecological study on breastfeeding showed that more than half of all infant deaths from diarrhoeal disease and acute respiratory infections in Latin America are preventable by exclusive breastfeeding in infants aged 0-3 months and partial breastfeeding throughout the remainder of infancy [ 2 ] . The theoretical basis for this may be a combination of the nutritional and immunomodulatory effects of human milk [ 3 ] . Since 2001, the WHO recommends exclusive breastfeeding up to the age of 6 months (World Health Assembly Resolution 55.
This tradeoff between enumerating all possible words and capturing degenerate positions in binding sites was compounded by the very large number of pairwise word combinations that were enumerated.
Alternately, Clontech type II slides in combination with the Telechem spotting buffer also gave good results in terms of printing and hybridization results.
Finally, expression of the endogenous CYP2B6 gene in CAR expressing HepG2 cells is modestly inhibited by LG1069 alone, androstanol alone and the combination of both.
In Word Groups, the letterplay shifts to words that look ordinary alone but become unusual in combination.
EXPENSE -Outflows or other using up of assets or incurrences of liabilities (or a combination of both) during a period from providing goods, rendering services, or carrying out other activities related to an entity's programs and missions, the benefits from which do not extend beyond the present operating period.
IL-4, similar to TNF-α and IL-1 inhibitors, has been shown be therapeutic for the treatment of murine CIA when administered intravenously as a recombinant protein, either alone or in combination with IL-10.
Although this patient had no known risk factors, the onset of seizures began in combination with other clinical manifestations of SSZ toxicity.
… The Indian achievement is a combination of lightness and gravitas, of bridging the gap between the highbrow and the middlebrow, and rediscovering for itself the inextricable link between the body, mind and soul."
However, overestimation of the effect of the investigated combination may still exist.
By this measure, the companies' analysts figure, the combination of Staples' 553 superstores in 100 markets across the United States and Canada and Office Depot's 571 North American outlets (mostly superstores) would still command less than 10 percent of the market.
A morpheme is the smallest unit of meaning in a language; a bound morpheme is one that appears only in combination with another morpheme, such as the suffixes and prefixes of English.
We found that 5-Aza-2'-deoxycytidine treatment alone or in combination with n-butyrate resulted in reactivation of gene expression in most cell lines that showed promoter methylation.
Assume that we can, for every combination of values of the significance level α and the fudge constant S 0 , calculate ( FP, FN ). The goodness criterion is then formulated in terms of the distance of the points ( FP, FN ) to the origin (which point corresponds to no false positives and no false negatives, see Figure 2), which in mathematical symbols may be put as
In an attempt to reduce the redundancy in the enhancer and identify combinations of ~50-bp deletions that, together, would completely eliminate replication enhancer function, we constructed double and triple deletions so that each ~50-bp stretch was deleted in combination with one or two flanking ~50-bp stretches to the left and to the right.
It is possible that radiation-induced, tumor-infiltrating dendritic cells may facilitate sustained activation and infiltration of the adoptively transferred CD4 +T cells in solid tumors in the combination group.
a combination of the three.
Free floating sections were incubated in a combination of rabbit anti β-galactosidase at a dilution of 1/1 k and goat anti ChAT at a dilution of 1/100, overnight at 4°C followed by a combination of donkey anti rabbit tagged with tetramethyl rhodamine isothiocyanate (TRITC) and donkey anti goat tagged with aminomethylcoumarin acetate (AMCA) each at a dilution of 1/50, at room temperature for 60 minutes.
Alternatively, since the combination of protein kinase C and calcium signaling is sufficient to activate JNK [ 9, 38], Btk could activate JNK indirectly through activation of PLCγ2.
We then select the combination of probability distributions giving the largest average ln P ( S ).
However, it could also arise from a monomer in combination with another cellular factor.
Garpike embryos, however, possess combinations of features whose investigation should prove valuable in the areas of development, evolution and taxonomy.
We determined empirically, by analyzing large amounts of cDNA array data and testing different combinations of high and low exclusion percentages, that ignoring the bottom 60% and top 10% of signals led to scaling factors that were consistent and well behaved (for example, the mean and median of the resulting distributions were approximately equal).
Since we observed a significant increase in TGF-β mRNA expression in lymphocytes from patients treated with combination of TAC and SRL compared to TAC/MMF/Aza, we also studied circulating levels of total TGF-β protein in acid activated sera from these patients.
The debate over evolution is probably the best-known example of the literalists' combination of rock hard belief and relentless point by point challenge of the rationalist side.
After 24 h the medium was replaced with fresh medium containing ADR alone or in combination with NOM (20 μM).
Although combinations of colistin with β-lactams are reported to be of unproven benefit [ 24 25 ] , a recent study conducted in an in vitro pharmacodynamic model [ 28 ] reported synergy with ceftazidime for P. aeruginosa sensitive to colistin but resistant to other antibiotics, including ceftazidime.
DT indicates a combination of delay in seeking therapy and faster development of new cavities.
A quadratic regression classifier was used to develop a scheme that defined treated and control groups in three datasets: gene expression, tissue feature and the combination of both.
We call these sets of substitutions "KK" (K785E and K786A), "TK" (T793A and K795E), and "KKTK" (K785E, K786A, T793A, and K795E; a combination of the KK and TK sets) (Fig.
Several retinoid and non-retinoid ligands have been described, which activate one or a combination of RAR isoforms.
For each phenotypic trait distribution and each parameter combination (Table 1and 2) we analyzed, via least squares, 1000 simulated data sets using both the single marker regression model and the two marker regression model.
Significantly fewer cells produced IL-4 alone (1 ± 0%) as compared with normal blood ( P < 0.05) or RAPB ( P < 0.05) T cells, whereas no significant difference was observed in the number of cells that produced the combination of IL-4 and IFN-γ (2 ± 0%).
In the 1980s, this combination proved doubly vulnerable to the New Right's critique: Women's careers bore the bloodstains of abortions.
In the 16-station OSCE, nine different formats were used alone or in combination: question and answer, preceptor role play, standardized patients, actual patients, mechanical or structural models, 35-mm slides, audiotape, videotape, and CD-ROM (Table 1).
Nevertheless, many of these firefighters died, either because they delayed their evacuation to assist civilians, attempted to regroup their units, lacked urgency, or some combination of these factors.
To examine a wider range of promoter and polymerase combinations, a promoter library was constructed in which positions -8 through -11 in the promoter were completely randomized; each of these nucleotides had previously been shown to be extremely important for the specificity of interactions with T7 RNA polymerase [ 6 7 9 11 ] . Conversely, residues Asn 748, Arg 756, and Gln 758 were known to form sequence specific contacts with this region of the promoter [ 2 ] . The promoter library was combined with the gene library in order to create approximately 51,200 (4 4× 20 3) combinations of promoters and polymerases.
In contrast to Estoril’s pretentions, Cascais is an agreeable combination of fishing port, residence for aristocrats, and tourist resort.
Diagnosis was usually indexed in combination with a neuromuscular dysfunction term as a subheading.
DiVerent combinations of positions and velocities now correspond to diVerent sets of 6N numbers.
We presume that the manifestation of the non-present genes as a left-side tail rather than a peak is due to a combination of divergence on the nucleotide-sequence level (see below), cross-hybridization and variability inherent in the calculation of ratios for small signal-intensity values.
Since the conformation corresponding to species D2 is found in the presence of ATP and is likely to be the conformation that releases bound VO +2-ADP, it is likely that the VO +2ligands are one phosphate and two carboxyl groups [ 25 ] . When ADP is the substrate and generates species D1, one water molecule and a combination of three groups between carboxyl groups and phosphates serve as the equatorial ligands of bound VO 2+on sCD39.
Here we describe iGAP and the initial results on the analysis of A. thaliana , the first proteome processed, using a combination of web interface and SQL queries (Figure 2).
The point mutation and deletion mutation were constructed by a method involving oligonucleotides synthesized to contain a mutation in combination with wild-type oligonucleotides in PCR amplifications of fragments of the cDNA.
In each of these combinations, the actual equipment associated with the ACI system is similar.
The best I can describe the process for me is that it resembles noodling on a piano: I run rhythms and sentences--or maybe not even sentences, the shapes of sentences--across one another, trying out their sounds, and sometimes I get a tune-like combination of sound and syntax that makes me want to go on, extend and refine it, as it comes to dredge sustenance from the great pool of feelings and ideas that accumulates in a life.
Nevertheless, the statistical test that corresponds to the treatment of data depicted in Figures 9, 10only tells us that the phases are different; it is not possible to determine whether this difference comes from the temporal distribution or the variability or a combination of the two.
The scoring function for minimisation is primarily a combination of the all-atom function, a hydrophobic compactness function, and a bad contacts function [ 40 ] . The primary search technique we used was a Metropolis Monte Carlo (MC) procedure where conformations are accepted or rejected based on the Boltzmann's equation [ 41 ] . Each trajectory was allowed 50,000 iterations, starting with a high temperature such that 99% of the moves were accepted for the first 1000 steps and "cooled" linearly until only 1% of the moves were accepted for the last 100 steps.
These protections, enacted to encourage truth before trial, have the paradoxical effect , when publicized, of making Lewinsky appear crazy, mendacious, guilty, or some combination thereof.
So Jovovich, who is the Fifth Element, and who, in combination with the Stones, has the power to save mankind, teams up with her Galahad, a fair-haired Bruce Willis, to Retrieve them.
PCA is a statistical technique to reduce the dimensionality of a dataset while retaining as much of the variability as possible [ 15 ] . Each principal component captures as much variability as possible with a linear combination of the data and is uncorrelated with all other principal components.
It is hoped that this inhibitor, when given in combination with an existing antibiotic, will prove to be an effective therapy against bacteria that produce a metallo-β-lactamase.
Especially in combination with Purdy."
To determine the synergistic neurotoxic properties of the viral proteins and drugs of abuse, we initially conducted time and dose response curves for each compound individually and then in combination of one another.
They are written using a combination of C++, HTML and Scripting code (VBScript and JScript).
My guess is that such a quantity might be reached if one counted all the permutations and combinations; in reality, though, there are probably far fewer actual words.
His stage-setting narrative is a conventional one: Hitler cements his hold on Germany through a combination of rhetoric, political stratagems, and force.
by writer Pascal Bruckner, who said France displayed "a unique combination of arrogance and self-hatred," and added, "We combine an unequalled vanity with a lack of self-confidence that is the symptom of nations in decline."
But his alleged libertarianism is inconsistent, and may be no more than a convenient, fancy formulation for the combination of policies--fiscally conservative, socially liberal--needed to get elected as a Republican in a Democratic state.
Moreover, multiracials have less reason to cohere than Hispanics ever had; they include every conceivable combination of races, and they are not bound together by language.
USAT , the WP , the LAT and the NYT all run front page stories about 24 previously healthy women in their forties who have used the combination of two diet drugs known as Fen-Phen and who have now turned up with two very rare kinds of heart damage.
Inoculation of mice with specific combinations of monoclonal antibodies (Mabs) directed against dengue-2 NS1 [ 31 ] also protects against lethal virus encephalitis upon intracerebral dengue-2 challenge.
The significance of this large decrease in hepatic expression by both FUNG and FISH, and particularly the combination of the two, is a potentially important finding whose physiological consequence must be further investigated.
The political answer to this, which many progressive supporters of free trade have endorsed, is a combination of aggressive free trade coupled with programs aimed to cushion and compensate for the social dislocations which free trade causes.
Different combinations of PMA and IFNg were compared to the highest dose of IFNg used without PMA (group 20a or 20b).
There appears to be no single therapeutic regimen or combination of therapies that has consistently been associated with sustained improvement (i.e.
The answer, I believe, is an odd but very Washingtonian combination of cynicism and credulity.
If investigators believe that both slope and baseline level predict cancer, the combination can be evaluated using the previously discussed methods for evaluating multiple markers, namely, treating baseline level and slope as two "separate" markers.
A modest increase in CD11c +dendritic cell infiltration was observed in the mice receiving the combination therapy.
ANOVA loses power when the number of replicates is not the same for all the conditions, and the experiment must also follow a complete block design, where all possible combinations of factors are tested.
One might regard it as a popular combination of Carl Darling Buck's A Dictionary of Selected Synonyms in the Principal Indo-European Languages (1949 and 1988) and A Comparative Grammar of Greek and Latin (1933), both University of Chicago Press, with something of Edward Pinkerton's Word for Word , Verbatim Books (1982), and my Suffixes and Word-Final Elements of English (1982) and Prefixes and Word-Initial Elements of English (1984), both Gale Research, thrown in.
In the present study, we evaluated the combination of monoclonal antibodies; MART-1, Melan-A, and Tyrosinase in optimized titers (Table 1) for evaluation of sentinel lymph nodes of cutaneous melanoma.
The Clest method does, however, use the idea of p -value in combination with the differences d 
Interestingly, the combination experiments seem to indicate that these effects are additive, suggesting that the two stimulation pathways do not share a common rate-limiting step.
It is interesting that the combination of colony hybridization and yeast two-hybrid screens used in this study to identify proteins that interact with the extracellular domain of proHB-EGF yielded independent GAL4-LTBP-3 fusion proteins that all contained these calcium-binding type II EGF-like domains (Fig.
, testing an average of at least once per day) for those using insulin or combination therapy, and 45 or more per quarter (i.e.
The approach described here makes it possible to rapidly generate libraries of potential donor and acceptor tribrid fusion proteins that can be screened, in pairwise combinations, for function and FRET signals.
The present point is simply this: there is a tendency for some proponents of EBM to duck these questions and avoid this debate by defining "evidence-based medicine" such that it includes the best possible combination of basic science, clinical experience, and clinical trials.
In combination with transcript and protein expression data, which also monitor cell specificity, NMR therefore has the potential to test ideas about aquaporin function in planta by combining localization information with modeling of flux measurements from control and knockout plants and with plants grown under conditions that alter both water conductivity and AQP expression.
But within a few weeks, he was knocked out of the race by a combination of Bill Clinton's effective demagoguery on Social Security and concerns about his medical condition.
But the preferred American convention of writing as two words an adverb-adjective combination when the adverb ends in - ly is also violated: British practice calls for widely-spread, closelyrelated (which appear under Athapaskan ), while standard practice in the US would write these as two words, hyphenating only modifying adverbs not ending in - ly : well-known, well-thought-of, easygoing . (These rules change if the combination appears in predicative position.)
There were various combinations of baseline and follow-up examinations in this cohort, but the largest numbers of girls were followed from 1973-74 to 1988-91 (n = 343) or from 1973-74 to 1995-96 (n = 313).
In combination with the osteocalcin data, this report provides strong evidence that simvastatin does not have an effect on bone in an established Swiss Webster mouse model of OVX-induced osteoporosis.
Before Clinton had even taken office, animator and cartoonist Mark Alan Stamaty dubbed the administration "Cram-a-lot," and no phrase has ever caught as hilariously that combination of prodigious wonkishness and naked aspiration (and, arguably, zero inspiration).
The editors front the story as high as they can because they know there really was a loss here, of a combination of talent and a larger sense of purpose that is utterly absent from entertainment today.
One of the major reasons of testing Gleevec for treatment of non-small cell lung carcinoma is to see if the specific tyrosine kinase inhibitor Gleevec, and other potential small molecules currently on clinical trials, can be used as an adjuvant therapeutic agent in combination with conventional chemotherapy.
Still, through a combination of employee communications and outreach efforts, most of our staff recognize that change is not only good for GAO at this time, it is imperative for the future.
It may be interesting to explore variation in height in other mutant/wild-type combinations.
As it happens, genes A and B have Boolean functions that depend on all three genes, A, B, and C. By examination, however, gene C has a Boolean function that depends only on genes A and C, not on gene B. To say that the activity of gene C depends only on A and C and not B means that once the combinations of activities of A and C are defined at a moment T, the next activity of C at T + is indepen-dent of whether B is on or o at time T. Indeed, the Boolean function is C = (not A or not C); that is, gene C will turn on at the next moment if at the current moment either A is not active or C is not active or both are not active.
There are two extreme interpretations of our analysis of the Net1(7m) and Net1 (19m') mutants: First, Cdc5 is not directly involved in disrupting the RENT complex, and second, Cdc5 directly disassembles the RENT complex via phosphorylation of Net1, but because it is not feasible to evaluate all possible 10 9(=2 30) combinations of phospho-site mutants or because the sites phosphorylated by Cdc5 in vivo are different from those in vitro due to the presence of factors such as Sir2, Pol I, and rDNA [ 10 23 ] , we missed key phosphorylation sites that would have given a more definitive phenotype when mutated.
The difference was less than twofold even for the top bin, but was statistically significant for each of the top three bins or their combination (Table 2).
With a combination of markers, the number of possible regions, as in Table 3a, for calling a marker positive is extremely large.
Our election process is so arduous, and the odds of triumph are so low, that no one would endure it except out of some combination of self-obsession and self-delusion.
In conclusion, these results provide evidence to potential efficacy of TAC and SRL combination therapy in renal transplant recipients.
Similar patterns of increased adoption can be seen among other combinations of these practices in Table 14.
Medium-chain acyl-Coenzyme A dehydrogenase (Acadm) was up regulated, particularly with the combination diet (1.
His timbral combinations and unlikely harmonies surface in the work of avant-garde jazz composers Butch Morris and Franz Koglmann, as well as that of Maria Schneider, a composer and band leader who was Evans' assistant for three years before his death in 1988.
We carried out 43 separate hybridizations, comparing 13 different pairwise combinations of tissues (Table 1).
According to survey data collected by Nobel laureate Maurice Allais--and duplicated by several subsequent researchers--most people answer A to Question 1 and B to Question 2. There is no way to reconcile that combination of answers with the most rudimentary theory of rationality, no matter how you answer Question 3. In other words, people prefer the cash over the lottery ticket--to an extent that rational risk aversion can't explain.
Gran Canaria is second to none for its combination of perfect beaches and sophisticated nightlife, for its history and hubbub, marvelous natural scenery, sightseeing, and shopping.
"It's a combination of groupies and the rock press both serving to inflate the egos of these guys.
However, when these data are taken in combination with the reduced parallel neurite growth from neurons preincubated with NGF or treated with cAMP analogs, conditions known to interfere with the overall inhibitory effects of myelin on neurite growth (see discussion below), there appears to be a preponderance of data suggesting that the loss of myelin is directly responsible for the reduced parallel orientation of neurite growth.
The high level of amino-acid sequence identity, as well as the conservation of intron-exon boundaries, in combination with the chromosomal proximity of these genes in Anopheles and Drosophila , provides a greater understanding of the molecular diversity and evolutionary history of K +-channel genes in the order Diptera.
Thus, the combination of .c and d is the genetic network among the genes.
Indiana is studying document assembly software, and Illinois is studying the combination of audio-video conferencing with document assembly.
Primarily, this included setting filters for experimental time points (with Microsoft Excel), asking for genes that were expressed more highly in one case than another (for example, wild-type T240 greater than mutant T240, or combinations such as wild-type T240 greater than both ActA and PrfA T240, and so on).
On hatching from the eggshell, L2 worms are able to locate and migrate towards a potential host plant, penetrate the root behind its tip in the zone of elongation, and migrate intercellularly through the vascular cylinder by separating cells at the middle lamella [ 4 ] . The migration is enabled by a combination of stylet protrusion (mechanical force) and secretion of cell-wall-degrading enzymes from specialized glands [ 5 6 7 8 ] . Upon completion of migration, secretions from the nematode's glands, and potentially other cues, induce root cells to alter their development and gene expression, undergoing abnormal growth and repeated endomitotic rounds of replication to form a feeding site made up of giant cells [ 9 10 ] . The L2 feeds from the giant cells for 10-12 days, then ceases feeding and molts three times over the next two days to form the adult.
Absolute or "uncorrected" values of A and B phenotype frequencies in index cases, A and B haplotype frequencies, and occurrence of two-haplotype combinations were calculated after enumeration of the raw data.
When drugs are used in combination, the net effect will depend on the intrinsic characteristics (efficacy and affinity) of the two drugs relative to each other and their relative concentrations at the site of action.
SY given in combination with EtOH appeared to prevent the EtOH-associated low birth weight and attenuated weight gain.
It's never too late to mend , overheard the other day--is that a combination of It's never too late to learn and First ended, soonest mended?
We considered performance stratified by fuel type and combinations of census divisions, where Northeast corresponds to NE and MA; Midwest to ENC and WNC; South to SA, ESC, and WESC; and West corresponds to MTN and PA (Table 1).
The particular combination of equipment chosen for mercury reduction at a particular facility is largely determined by the existing equipment and conditions at the facility.
From the 25 parameter combinations investigated, 5 failed to converge consistently for the two marker model due to singularity in the design matrix.
An increase in the mobility of the CAR/RXR complex was also observed in the presence of TCPOBOP or androstanol, alone or in combination with 9-cis RA (data not shown).
The study population included more than 4,500 adult managed care patients using insulin, oral, or a combination of the two drug therapies.
To ensure that NetSearch reproducibly generates statistically significant, biologically plausible paths, we combinatorially varied every parameter value in the path-drawing and path-scoring algorithms, and selected parameter combinations that generate the most statistically significant pathways.
Benadryl, Prednisone, and Cimetidine make a potent little combination.
Estimating complex combinations of uncertainty
The combinations could be adapted to the environment under study, such as Mars (perhaps an iron-dominated energy system).
For a normally distributed phenotype, 75 parameter combinations for the backcross were examined.
Diffusional gradients are not the ones that drive water movement in plants, but diffusional measurements, especially in combination with hydraulic ones can be very informative about the barriers responsible for regulating water fluxes.
FLAG-MHCK-C was purified using a combination of ammonium sulfate fractionation and FLAG-peptide affinity chromatography.
The masked men, with decorated headdresses, dance in two parallel rows, in bright costumes decorated with long ribbons that appear to be a combination of Aztec and southwest Indian in origin.
Leaves wither and fall as the plant continues to dance--the combination of potent chemicals and strip clubs isn't likely to endear itself to the PC police; and there are those who would be hard pressed to distinguish between Finish and Agent Orange.
During the Watergate scandal President Nixon had to face an even more powerful combination, one that incorporated his own nickname in a double that ended with the negative diminutive - y . Whoever coined the term tricky-dicky must have sensed that the combination would hit hard.
The Biblical psalmist undoubtedly used the combination of the verse form and an abecedarius to remember Psalm 119, each of whose twenty-two octaves begins with a successive letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
The current study describes the analysis of immune function in stable renal transplant recipients with SRL and TAC combination therapy.
This combination takes advantage of desirable features of both methods: ANOVA can detect any effect of region on expression, whereas template matching looks specifically for one pattern at a time.
Both methylated cell lines (HT-3 and SiHa) and three (C-33A, MS751, and ME-180) of the four unmethylated cell lines showed reactivation upon exposure to 5-Aza-2' deoxycytidine or in combination with n-butyrate.
Skeletal preparations followed a combination of the protocols of Gendron-Maguire et al.
Polish appears to be a difficult language to learn, but it has the supreme advantage that every combination of letters is always pronounced the same.
Only 22 (61%) of patients with HIVAN received antiretroviral agents, and only nine patients (25%) received combination antiretroviral therapy.
The decision to define a new episode on the basis of six weeks free from any LRI coded encounter was based on a combination of clinical experience and the pattern of repeated encounters.
In an attempt to reduce the redundancy in the enhancer and identify combinations of ~50-bp deletions that, together, would completely eliminate replication enhancer function, we constructed double and triple deletions so that each ~50-bp stretch was deleted in combination with one or two flanking ~50-bp stretches to the left and to the right.
Pundits ridiculed the feminist spin, citing the case's peculiar combination of glamour and sleaze.
Yet, these data fall short of proving aspect (b) of the imprinting relay because, surprisingly, the combination of naive L91 and E82 loci also caused non-linear gene dosage effects that could result in the heritable trans-silencing of the E82 locus in at least one instance.
In addition, cells were stained with a combination of anti-CD3 PerCP, anti-CD8 FITC and anti CD4 PE (Becton Dickinson, San Jose, CA) . To assess their proliferative ability and to confirm the specificity of tetramer staining of ex vivo CD3+ CD8+ T-cells, lymphocytes were cultured at a concentration of 3 × 10 6/ml in RPMI enriched with 10% human serum with addition of 10 μg/ml of the appropriate peptide and 20 U/ml of IL-2 for 7 days.
Counting money in Mina involves using multiples of five as far as twenty-five and then using a combination of multiples of twenty-five and five as far as one hundred.
You see, even in the case of the physical chair, the idea that we can reconstruct statements about chairs as equivalent to combinations of statements about sense data fails.
According to the Social Security Trustees' 2001 intermediate projections, restoring the program's actuarial balance over the next 75 years would require a combination of reform options equal to 1.86 percent of taxable payroll.
The success of NYPD ESU instruction is attributable to a combination of (1) the strength of the radios, (2) the relatively small numbers of individuals using them, and (3) use of the correct channel by all.
PCR analyses with different combinations of primers specific for PEVE revealed four variants of orientation of Ul and Us, relative to one another (Figure 2B).
Its white gables are clothed in Carrara marble, the outer façades with a combination of grey marble and glass; the inside walls are covered with aluminum.
We first evaluated studies reporting echocardiographic prevalence of FDA-positive valvulopathy (mild or greater AR and moderate or greater MR) [ 2 ] among subjects who had taken either fenfluramine or dexfenfluramine (alone or in combination with phentermine) and in matched controls [ 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 ] . In most of these studies, echocardiograms were performed after the drugs had been discontinued and were read without knowledge of prior drug exposure by multiple readers (table 1).
Although several distinct CFEOM phenotypes have been defined [ 6 7 8 ] , each likely resulting from maldevelopment of a unique combination of alpha motor neurons in nIII and/or nIV, most reports of CFEOM families describe a stereotypical clinical phenotype.
Analysis of the selected phenotypes recovered following mouse passage cannot be explained by the activities of any known regulator or combination of regulators e.g. mga [ 9 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 ] , nra [ 25 ] , CsrRS/CovRS [ 26 27 28 29 ] , sagA/pel [ 4 ] rofA [ 30 31 32 ] , rgg [ 33 34 35 ] , fas X [ 36 ] or luxS [ 37 38 ] .
A combination of basic research, program implementation and evaluation studies, and policy and procedure evaluations are needed to resolve the issues outlined previously.
have made attempts to improve the electroporation protocol by introducing new settings, consisting in the combination of high voltage and low voltages pulses, that are inducing less permeabilisation of the myocytes [ 22 ] . Even if these combined protocols seems to be slightly less toxic, there is still much improvement needed to compete with the new generations of adenoviral vectors as a method to transfect muscle in patients.
This rectification has been shown to be independent of external divalent cations [ 24 ] , and is likely due to a combination of rectification in unitary conductance [ 9 ] and voltage-dependent gating [ 24 ] . Application of a lower concentration of capsaicin (0.
True validation of this analysis method, and of microarray genomic comparison and analysis methods in general, will be achieved through a combination of more strain comparison work and accompanying sequence information in the form of genome sequencing projects and the sequencing of particular loci by individual laboratories.
A real application of how marker combinations provide extra information comes from a recent study by Mok et al [ 15 ] on CA125 and Prostasin as markers for ovarian cancer.
A combination of factors has pushed the cases forward: Blacks hold more political power and have lobbied for suspects to be tried; witnesses with heavy consciences can come forward without fear of speaking the truth; and a feeling that the South must come to terms with past racism and violence.
Like the early flags, these elements got reworked in a variety of media and a range of combinations--as though if the right combinations were found, the rebus might be decoded (though, of course, it never is).
On Nov. 6 in New Jersey, volunteers opened crates and pulled out pheasants, then, holding them by the legs, spun the birds around to make them dizzy; this is one feature of a program whose uneasy combination of private and state funding is drawing increasing criticism nationwide.
Thus this model assumes that the measured expression level of a gene can be described as a linear combination of effects due to measurement error, strain, region, and interactions between strain and region.
His fat serpentine strokes and lacquer-smooth planes twisted around each other, arriving at exuberant new combinations that sometimes echoed his old friend Arshile Gorky as well as Henri Matisse and Piet Mondrian, painters whose final work was similarly buoyant.
On Nov. 6 in New Jersey, volunteers opened crates and pulled out pheasants, then, holding them by the legs, spun the birds around to make them dizzy; this is one feature of a program whose uneasy combination of private and state funding is drawing increasing criticism nationwide.
The curvy contours, unexpected combinations of textures and materials, bright colors, and infinite detail are Gaudí hallmarks, as are his prevalent religious and nationalist symbolism.
But in higher eukaryotes, different combinations of domains are often observed in the same and different protein families.
Indeed, dopamine's multiple effects (even at low doses) make it the perfect pressor/inotropic agent when such a combination is warranted.
Lastly, our findings have broader implications, suggesting that the combination of expression measurements across different platforms (for example, Affymetrix and cDNA arrays, unmodified long oligonucleotides and cDNA arrays) within a single analysis maybe feasible [ 18].
From Arabic via Persian or Arabic-Persian combinations:
Stimulus protocols involving laminin-1 (LN1, 30 nm, Sigma, L-2020), agrin (1:40, courtesy of Dr. Herman Gordon), or some combination/sequence are summarized in Table 2, Results.
Hippocampal α-2,8-sialyltransferase (Siat8e) was down regulated with FISH and the combination diet, but not with FUNG; difference relative to control was only significant for the combination diet (1.
The category winner, Lean Cuisine's Oriental Beef With Vegetables and Long Grain Rice, had combination of great taste and solid nutrition.
In the AEO2001 report, the combination of higher efficiencies and earlier availability of the technologies lowers the growth in electricity use from 1.8% in the reference case to 1.6%.
We are unable to demonstrate the nephrotoxicity with this combination due to short course of therapy.
The combination of an idyllic resort and spicy local color is beguiling.
To investigate whether these constructs can also function in S2 cells and whether their activities can synergize with Wg, we transferred LRP6 and LRP6ΔN into the Drosophila expression vector pPacPL (Figure 4A) and tested them alone and with various combinations of Wg and DFz2 in S2 cells (Figure 4B).
In lieu of establishing either completely centralized or decentralized CIO organizations, leading organizations manage their information resources through a combination of such structures.
Our analysis of the neurogenetic control of striatal cell populations relies on the combination of two complementary quantitative approaches.
The combination of reforms ushered in by (1) the CFO Act of 1990, (2) the Government Management Reform Act (GMRA) of 1994, (3) the Federal Financial Management Improvement Act (FFMIA) of 1996, (4) the Government Performance and Results Act (GPRA) of 1993, and (5) the ClingerCohen Act of 1996 will, if successfully implemented, provide the necessary foundation to run an effective, resultsoriented government.
With the combination of higher prices and improved efficiency, total expenditures for electricity consumption in 2015 are projected to increase by about 17% to 39%, depending on the scenario.
Julie Burchill wrote recently in the Guardian , "The idea that one party has to overcome the 'natural' resistance of the other party to sexual intercourse by a combination of gifts and being economical with the truth takes us perilously near to date-rape territory."
This acceleration may be explained by positive selection or by a relaxation of purifying selection or by a combination of the two.
Note that the enhancer must work in combination with the core, because the enhancer by itself has no plasmid origin activity [ 7].
At the same time, the combination of a lower demand for electricity and an increased investment in cleaner energy supply technologies reduces both carbon and NOx emissions by 10.
None of the chemopreventive agents used, alone or in combination, were found to affect expression of any of the TGF-β isoforms or the LTBP in either ductal epithelium or periductal stroma after 6 weeks of chemopreventive intervention (Fig.
Couple this with the pump technology and the combination of gel and paste, and we have a hands down winner.
A putative first exon, corresponding to the 5' end of the Celera transcript, maps at least 74-kb upstream of exon 2. Based on a combination of the public and Celera assemblies, the APBA2 transcriptional unit spans >197 kb.
The reason is that the set of possible regions for calling a combination of markers positive includes as a special case the regions for calling any single marker positive.
Still untaken are several steps that required goodwill from local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination.
For example, class 22 encompasses 14 different patterns out of 2 7= 128 possible binary combinations (i.e.
The combination of microarray data and cluster analysis to make a genetic portrait of a disease has been used to characterize breast tumors [ 9], to categorize the subtype of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma [ 10], and to identify genes whose expression is associated with mitotic misregulation and human aging [ 11].
Since the above pharmacokinetic studies and others involving pharmacokinetic modeling predictions were conducted over only a short period (generally ≤ 14 days) and in a small number of patients, there remained a need to evaluate low-dose APV/RTV combinations in large populations of HIV-1-infected patients over a therapeutically relevant period.
Hair Dryer , the first part of this spot, uses a combination of laconism and high production values to appeal to both parents and children.
We expect that if a sequence feature represented a transcription factor binding site, genes containing that feature in their TCRs would be induced (or repressed), on average, compared to all the genes in the genome [ 27 ] . By comparing the average expression profile derived from conserved word-pair templates with average expression profiles derived from simpler sequence features, we assessed how much information was obtained by incorporating both the conservation and pairwise combination of sequences.
Most of their data can be satisfied by a combination of two conformations by dramatically altering the position of M1 and the inner portion of M2 for the open conformation (personal observation).
Moreover, an increase was observed in the number of cells that secreted the combination of IL-2 and IFN-γ (27 ± 3%), which was significantly greater than the percentage of the same subset in normal blood ( P < 0.01) or RAPB ( P < 0.01).
9* fold with the combination diet (1.
In addition, an area may be classified as transitional if the State performs EPAapproved modeling demonstrating that the area will attain the 8-hour ozone or fine particles NAAQS by no later than December 31, 2015 through a combination of reductions achieved through controls established through the Clear Skies Act and any other federal controls that have been promulgated, together with any necessary local controls that the State adopts in its state implementation plan no later than December 31, 2004.
Restoring Social Security's long-term solvency will require some combination of increased revenues and reduced expenditures.
This combination of intermediate sample size and contamination location most closely corresponded to real data sets involving distributions of time estimates [ 8 ] .
In this patient, the DNA-based assay provided examples of clonal expansions that were present in only one joint (eg the V H 3-J H and V H 5-J H combinations in Figure 4), and the companion cDNA-based assays indicated that in some instances these expansions were either activated or resting.
A gene's expression profile can be described as linear combination of each right singular vector, and said gene can be associated with those vectors that contribute the most.
The combination of a >1.
And, as the N particles in the bottle collide and exchange momenta, bouncing oV in new combinations of directions with new combinations of velocities according to Newton’s three laws of motion, the 6N numbers representing the system at each moment change in time through some succession of 6N numbers.

Direct biological models of binding-site organization in TCRs, as exemplified by conserved word-pair templates, provided several advantages over naive statistical models based on sequence combinations in S. cerevisiae . Average gene-expression profiles showed that conserved word pairs were more specific predictors of gene expression (giving fewer false positives) than single or pairwise sequences derived from S. cerevisiae , indicating that conserved regions among these closely related Saccharomyces species were enriched for functional sequences.
The second was in the combination of case study methods with other methods, particularly surveys, in order to achieve the generalizability that evaluators called "external validity."
In combination with disruption of the permissive substrates upon which axons normally grow, disrupted white matter could become a non-permissive environment due to exposure of inhibitors.
These data further support the conclusion that synovial fluid T cells were responsive to signals delivered by the combination of anti-CD28 and cytokines.
But some combination of stock-price stagnation or decline and general price inflation will deny boomers the value they think they're accumulating.
Each unique TA clone (defined by a combination of Unigene F/R PCR product length and HinfIII restriction digest pattern) was amplified with the Unigene primers and sequenced.
Lesy's text--a filled-in time line that notes such events as the founding of department stores, the rise of banks and financial institutions, and the erection of famous public monuments--creates, in combination with the pictures, a retrospective mood that isn't nostalgia but a finer, more elevated yearning.
2 Drawing on the HCTAR survey, we first look at the way apparel suppliers adopt combinations of information and manufacturing practices in response to lean retailing.
Canyoning, a combination of rappelling and riding rapids without boats, sometimes described as whitewater rafting without the raft, has been banned in several U.S. states.
This relationship, along with the combination to the intracellular MYND domain and the lack of signal peptides, suggests that the Egl-9 family proteins are prolyl hydroxylases that modify intracellular proteins, unlike the classic prolyl hydroxylases that have been implicated primarily in the modification of collagens in the endoplasmic lumen.
Forty-eight transposon-bearing clones were picked for PCR mapping using the Mu-End primer (present at both ends of the tranposon) in combination with vector-specific primers, resulting in 96 PCR products.
As mentioned earlier, this combination was developed through intuition under pressure from the CASP experiment (though here the goal was to reduce the total number of conformations to five).
Daisy is a combination of the Old English words, dæges `day's' + ēage `eye.
On our previous small Drosophila dataset, a combination of all features by principal-component analysis (PCA, see for example [ 47]) led to an improvement in classification; however, on the current larger dataset, no additional improvement is observed when using PCA.
This work describes two principles for analyzing combinations of regulatory sequences.
The combination of these factors suggests that high variance SKUs are the best candidates for a plant with short lead times—the higher direct costs of production are balanced by the reduction in inventory carrying costs resulting from the shorter manu-facturing lead times.
In addition to RACE on the Marathon cDNA, we used the Advantage 2 PCR technique (Clontech) on undiluted aliquots of the kidney and fetal brain long-insert phage libraries multiple times with all possible primer combinations of one vector primer (either forward or reverse) and one appropriately oriented gene-specific primer.
Among the first entries in the I-appliance market is WebTV , a $300 box-and-keyboard combination built by Sony and Phillips.
Thus, in this particular example, the combination of markers leads to a much better test than the separate markers, with a smaller FPR (.04 versus .20) for the same TPR of .80.
If we consider the proposal that operons are unstable structures [ 9], the maintenance of gene order within the operons would be striking in itself, but the conservation of combinations of operons points to additional factors, other than common regulation, acting in the conservation of gene order.
It's that combination of zombielike self-absorption and fatuous exhibitionism that is so repugnant.
The combination of ADGE and DNA microarray was used to analyze differential gene expression in a selected drug resistant cell line.
The most effective screening test is the prostate-specific antigen (PSA) assay, which in combination with digital rectal examination (DRE) substantially enhances the cancer detection rate [ 4 ] . The American Cancer Society and the American Urologic Association recommend annual cancer screening with PSA testing and digital rectal examination for men with life expectancies greater than 10 years [ 5 6 ] . However, the United States Preventive Services Task Force and the American College of Physicians have not endorsed routine screening because there is no conclusive evidence that screening and treatment reduce morbidity and mortality from prostate cancer [ 7 8 ] . Another concern about prostate cancer screening is uncertainty about the diagnostic performance of PSA.
My friend W. G. (Lord) Runciman, the businessman and sociologist at Trinity (quite a combination), calls it "recycled platitudes."
These observations, taken together, suggested that CyaB and soluble mammalian thiamine triphosphatases define a novel superfamily of conserved domains, which may either occur by itself or in combination with other domains.
Depending on test results and individual preferences, patients can increase the level of pleasant sounds in any environment by using hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
Similar damage occurred after using a simple anaesthesia (hypnorm) or in combination with muscle relaxants during electroporation.
Examples of donor-acceptor combinations might include: simple sugars and/or amino acids or other organic molecules in the presence of oxygen or nitrate (organisms capable of heterotrophic respiration), hydrogen and ferric ions or oxidized iron minerals (chemoautotrophic hydrogen oxidizers), organic acids and ferric ions or oxidized iron minerals (heterotrophic iron reducers), bicarbonate/carbonate and trace minerals in the presence and absence of light (photosynthetic organisms), carbon dioxide and a reduced metal such as ferrous ions (chemoautotrophs), ammonium ion and bicarbonate/carbonate (ammonia oxidizers), etc.
In the V H 6-IgG combination (Fig.
An overview of the simulations performed is given in Table 1and 2. For the purpose of evaluating the relative difference in statistical power between the intersection test and the two marker test, the estimated statistical power of the two marker test was subtracted from that of the intersection test for each of the parameter combinations investigated, and a t -test [ 9 ] was performed to test the null hypothesis that the mean difference in power was zero.
This is for a combination of reasons taken together: (a) the unemployment compensation system--including the system of taxes, the system of benefits, and the trust fund--was established by the Social Security Act of 1935 and has been amended by Federal law many times; (b) deposits are held in a trust fund operated by the U.S.
Mathematically, in any sample of data, the best ROC curve for a combination of markers must be as good or better than the ROC curve for any of the markers evaluated separately.
Use a combination of centralized and decentralized organizational structures by
The American Heritage dictionary says that bumfuzzle , apparently used chiefly in the southern United States, means "to confuse," and probably derives from some combination of "bamboozle," "fuddle," and "fuzzy."
Cellulose acetate phthalate (CAP) is a promising microbicide candidate for prevention of infection by sexually transmitted disease (STD) pathogens, including HIV-1 [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ] . CAP inactivates HIV-1 and blocks the coreceptor binding site on the virus envelope glycoprotein gp120, while leaving the site for the primary cellular receptor CD4 accessible [ 8 9 ] Soluble CD4 (sCD4) was shown to inhibit HIV-1 infection by two mechanisms: reversible blockage of virus binding to receptors, and irreversible inactivation of virus infectivity [ 10 ] . Since CAP and sCD4 bind to distinct domains on the HIV-1 envelope, it was of interest to determine whether or not these two ligands affect virus infectivity synergistically as do other combinations of anti-HIV-1 drugs and sCD4 [ 11 12 ] Binding of sCD4 leads to conformational changes in gp120 [ 13 14 15 16 17 ] . Binding of gp120 to coreceptors CXCR4 and CCR5, respectively, triggers additional conformational changes in HIV-1 envelope glycoproteins [ 18 19 ] For these reasons it was of interest to determine whether a) pretreatment of HIV-1 with sCD4 would affect subsequent binding of CAP to virus particles, and b) CAP binding to virus particles in the presence or absence of sCD4 would elicit conformational changes which could affect HIV-1 infectivity.
The method is based on a combination of clustering analysis, the RM and the regression analysis.
Worldwide Laws of Life is an incredible volume--a weird combination of Thomist canon law, The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People , and Successories.
In 1871, by a combination of military annexation, diplomacy and bribery, Otto von Bismarck was able to unify the northern and southern German states in the Imperial Reich, with Prussia as its central power.
In its infinite wisdom, the telephone companies long ago abandoned words for numbers, having perceived that there were some number combinations (like 95) could not be readily yielded by familiar names.
The cell lysate-resin combination was incubated at 4°C for 1.5 hours.
The conclusion that small genome size is evolutionarily derived is based on a combination of molecular phylogenetic results, genome size determinations and full genome sequences [ 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9].
In our study, the relatively high level of severity of illness was probably related to a combination of all these factors.
The combination of a solid mandate at home with ripe regional conditions, and now also the renewed and energetic support of senior American and international leaders, creates a diplomatic and security base that must not be wasted."
The experience of stagflation--the combination of inflation and unemployment--badly damaged the prestige of economists in general and macroeconomics in particular, even though it was not that much of a theoretical surprise.
The distribution of the gene neighborhoods, in which a member of the RecT superfamily occurs next to the RecE on the phylogenetic tree of the RecT/Redβ superfamily, indicates that the RecE-RecT combination was probably the ancestral state for at least the RecT and EHAP1 families (Fig.
Although there are no easy formulas, it does appear that the specific combinations of information technology and assembly methods drawn on by the supplier make a difference in responding to lean retail requirements.
These represent all possible combinations of sexual contact (Yes/No) and location (household/ neighborhood/different water district).
The new recruits from Germany possessed an ideal combination of technical skill and knowledge that the original 9/11 operatives, veteran fighters though they were, lacked.
We have carried out a large number of analyses using a combination of qualitative and quantitative filters and consistently observe false-positive rates of less than 1.0% between well controlled independent duplicates using the default selection criteria [ 7, 12, 13].
Therefore, the use of ibuprofen at higher doses, over longer time periods, or in combination with other drugs in patients who are at risk of developing septic shock could be effective as a prophylaxis or treatment.
The progress of each infection was monitored using a combination of phase-contrast and fluorescence microscopy (Figure 1).
A combination of InterProScan and iGAP is under active development to integrate sequence- and structure-based annotation.
For a given combination of maximal type I error rate, minimal power, and the estimated or expected effect size to be detected, there are multiple pooling designs that may satisfy these conditions.
Because of variation between experiments, the effect of EtOH could not be seen clearly in Figure 2. For that reason, pair-wise comparisons were made between cell cultures incubated either with PMA or with a combination of PMA and EtOH.

For the liter of living bacteria, the number of adjacent possible microstates is on the order of at least the number of dierent on-o combinations of activities of genes and metabolic products of which all the genetic regulatory networks of all the cells are capable.
Trans-silenced L91' and E82' plants that lacked the C73 silencer locus ('prime'-label) were crossed in pairwise combinations with naive E82 and L91 plants.
At this point, readers will be faced with a barrage of unusual letter combinations, a complex code that needs to be unraveled.
However, in both intervention and regression trials, significant CD4 +T cell and CD8 +T cell infiltration into hyperplastic/dysplastic islets and tumors was noted in Rip1-Tag2 mice that had received the combination of sub-lethal radiation and adoptive transfer of TCR splenocytes.
Based on current evidence, screening should be undertaken using one or a combination of structured questionnaires.
The combination of timed sequential chemotherapy and hematopoietic growth factors allows for an initial cytoreductive course of chemotherapy before starting growth factors.
In both cities, bednets and coils in combination were reported more often than other combinations of mosquito-avoidance activity.
Query: Consensus motif alone and varying combinations of sequence at N- and C-terminal ends
As shown in Table 3, the combination of PMA (50 ng/ml) and CEES (500 μM) was more cytotoxic (after 24 hours) toward the RAW264.
Thus, in this real example, the combination of markers led to a better test than the separate markers, with a larger TPR (.92 versus .78 or .32) for the same FPR of .02.
A post-hoc analysis showed that the difference in efficiency between these subjects is highly significant (P = 0.0002) and that this particular combination of alleles contributes 3.9% to the overall variation.
However with many combinations of markers, overfitting could invalidate results.
The term "coal-fired" with regard to a unit means, for purposes of section 424, combusting coal or any coal-derived fuel alone or in combination with any amount of any other fuel in any year during 1997 through 2001 or, for a unit that commenced operation during 2001-2004, a unit designed to combust coal or any coal-derived fuel alone or in combination with any other fuel.
Collectively, these observations suggest that mefloquine disrupts neuronal function through a combination of disrupted calcium homeostasis and ER stress.
Model selection evaluates all possible combinations of probability distributions in a stepwise fashion, so the correlation structure of RSS is not specified nor assumed, but rather detected.
In other words, averting a HI shortfall for 75 years now would require an increase in payroll taxes by 1.97 percent (a 68-percent increase over the 2001 rate paid by employers and workers47), a cut in HI spending by 37 percent, or some combination of the two.
That HPV DNA integrated into metaphase chromosomes was detectable by fluorescence but not chromogenic stains indicates an additional order of sensitivity is possible by combination of biotinyl-tyramide with reagents such as FITC.
As observed for blood from RA patients, the majority of cells produced IL-2 alone, whereas fewer cells produced the combination of IL-2 and IFN-γ.
A total of 339 parameter combinations were examined (Table 1).
We analyzed occurrences of pair motifs of all combinations of amino acids separated by 1 to 10 residues.
Combination of serology and PCR method in detection of symptomatic disease is superior to serology alone.
At last summer's international AIDS conference, researchers described a patient who had been treated for 78 weeks with a combination of drugs, and in whom they could detect no virus.
The second is the sort of free combination that can and does occur anywhere.
A combination of jingoism among political elites and insularity among the business elites who spearheaded this new international commerce provoked a near-50-year reaction against free trade and global communications.
Each organ is expected to have a unique combination of expressed genes, allowing organ identification and assessment of similarity with other organs as shown by the cladograms in Figure 2. It is interesting that the highly expressed genes in husks parallel what is found in other floral organs.
When n was equal to 500, the 139 parameter combinations examined yielded 116 showing there was no difference in statistical power, 18 parameter combinations indicated the intersection test as more powerful, and 5 indicated the two marker test as more powerful.
(vi) Multiple targets: It is also possible to deplete multiple cellular or viral gene mRNAs in any combination, either simultaneously or in a temporal order, and thus ask questions about the interaction between the phenotypes.
Mystery shoppers were never sold injectables and very few were sold combinations of anti-malarial drugs.
We used the 'quick score', a simple combination of the proportion of cells staining plus a measure of intensity of staining [ 21 ] . A cut-off value of 2 or more was taken as negative for ER or PR.
It harbors a particular combination of cleavage sites that permits cloning of a nucleic acid in defined orientation and controlled labeling of only the desired fragments with fluorescent dyes (Figs.
It is assumed that the ACI, FGD, and SCR would not be necessary at a single unit because of the high mercury removal efficiencies expected through combination of FGD and SCR.
Part V: A CROSS-REFERENCE DICTIONARY is a combination dictionary-index, which provides follow-up coverage and page references for thousands of words and roots discussed in this book.
Specifically, because of the combination of small fluid-handling uncertainties and potentially larger variation in the purity of cRNA preparations, the actual ratio of the spiked transcripts to cDNA-template-derived cRNAs might be significantly skewed from one array to another.
A control chart should be prepared for each combination of reference toxicant, test species, test conditions, and endpoints.
Thus the transformation frequency and colony size results show that sequences within the enhancer partially or completely suppress the negative effects of deletions Δ4-Δ14 on the plasmid origin activity of core ars3002 . The simplest explanation of this observation is that sequences within the enhancer-in combination with other core sequences-are partially or fully competent to carry out each of the replication functions mediated by each of the ~50-bp regions within the core.
FUNG and FISH alone moderately down regulated Apoa4, whereas the combination diet resulted in a large down regulation (-2.
December is already an unkind month for those of us with combination skin.
It is easy to see intuitively that there are many more combinations of positions and momenta that correspond to nearly uniform positions of the particles and their motions scattered in all possible directions than there are combinations of positions and momenta that correspond to all the particles being located in a specific small region of the bottle.
However, patients with excessive secretions seem to benefit from a combination of continuous rotation and P&PD.
To select genes for further analysis from the pilot data set, a two fold-change threshold was used in combination with the Affymetrix difference call of either increase (I), marginal increase (MI), decrease (D) and marginal decrease (MD).
Based on our survey research, we found that implementing a combination of the four key practices—bar codes, EDI, advanced shipping systems, and modular assembly—increases business-unit performance because these practices interact with and reinforce one another.
The CAP:sCD4 weight ratios in the combinations were 10:1 and 2:1 for HIV-1 IIIB and HIV-1 BaL, respectively.
As bile acids are lost, increased absorption by a greater number of transporters, in combination with increased hepatic bile acid synthesis from cholesterol, helps restore normal bile acid levels.
, naïve or experienced), then randomized 3:1 to treatment for 24 weeks with either APV 600 mg BID plus RTV 100 mg BID or to APV 1200 mg BID in combination with ≥ 2 non-PI antiretroviral drugs.
Logical atomism sought to reconstruct statements about the external world from logical combinations of atomic statements about sense data.
The models were developed using a procedure that selects from all possible combinations of disjoint probability distributions the set of marginal (for one position) and joint (for multiple positions) distributions that most distinguishes physiologic RSS from other nucleotide sequences of the same length.
Any combination of annotation data can be chosen from 10 options by selecting the appropriate checkboxes (Table 2).
MSX1 expression was markedly elevated by the combination of BMP-4 and Wnt-3A.
But the question arises whether the grammar is constructed from what is known (or found) and then verified through the application of suitable citations, whether the grammar is citation-driven, or a combination of the two is employed.
Libraries could be constructed by hybridization of SSR probes with different set of AFLP fragments resulted from changing different one-base at 3' end of AFLP primers, which should have 16 possible primer combinations, or with different set of restriction fragments resulted from using different restriction enzyme combinations.
The hypobaric chambers used in the present study have a higher rate of air exchange than other hypoxic gas chambers, thus limiting the build-up of waste products, including ammonia, that may contribute to lung inflammation and induction of iNOS, as the combination of hypoxia and inflammation has previously been reported to increase iNOS expression [ 23].
Enemy is a combination of the Latin in `not' + amicus `friend,' and is thus a doublet with inimical . That enemy could be related to amiable , is more than a little ironic.
A phrase used to describe Chicano music, especially that of the late 1960s, which is a combination of Mexican and American music styles.
When n was equal to 500, the 139 parameter combinations examined yielded 116 showing there was no difference in statistical power, 18 parameter combinations indicated the intersection test as more powerful, and 5 indicated the two marker test as more powerful.
Three concentrations of each of the forward and reverse primers were used, 50 nM, 300 nM, and 900 nM, to obtain nine different combinations.
That's an incredibly unstable combination.
At the summit and with commanding views of the surrounding mountains and with the Atlantic Ocean shimmering in the distance, is a delightful combination of café, bar and viewpoint that owes its creative design to none other than César Manrique.
A: "The simple truth is that the procedures range from about $4,900 to slightly over $6,900, depending on which procedure or combination of procedures you select.
Stage of sexual maturation in the girls was determined on the basis of a combination of menarcheal status and breast and pubic hair development [ 36 ] . The stages of sexual maturation were performed with a questionnaire and physical exam done by an experienced physician as follow: premenarcheal with no secondary sexual development (stage 1).
We can approximate the expression profile for each gene in the complete dataset as a linear combination of the three super genes from each cluster (which are simple averages of the genes in each cluster).
Dementia is not a single symptom but a syndrome, a group of symptoms and signs that occur in different combinations depending on the site and nature of changes in brain tissue.
For example, the first step of model enlargement for RSS of length N compares all possible combinations of one joint probability distribution for two positions and marginal probability distributions for the remaining N -2.
It has been reported that coactivators in combination can enhance transcriptional activity of SHRs compared to when they are delivered to cells individually [ 29 30 ] . Recently, Giraud et al [ 12 ] reported a direct interaction of Stat3 with SRC-1 and CBP/p300.
In animals, this approach has been used to reveal which AQPs and combinations thereof are, and are not, crucial for water fluxes in vivo in mice lacking the genes for AQP1 and AQP3 [ 80].
Wilde's combination of stylishness and tragedy lends itself perfectly to overcostumed, overwrought Merchant-Ivory-style drama.
For those who are unfamiliar with computers and the need for a word-processing package, I should explain that when you buy what is fondly call a “personal” computer, you get three pieces of equipment (though they may be combined in some models or makes): a rectangular box with some slots in the front and sockets in the back, a monitor, which is nothing but a small TV set, and a keyboard, which looks like an ordinary typewriter keyboard but, in many models sold today, has a number of additional keys alongside those for the familiar alphanumeric characters: on mine, nestled among some control keys on the right side is what is called a “number pad,” which resembles the key arrangement one sees on a small adding machine or calculator; on the left side is a double bank of five keys marked “F1” through “F10” which, when pressed alone or in combination with another key, perform certain functions, some of which are useful, others of which are evidently thought useful by the manufacturer but which I never use.
This configuration allowed us to linearize the vector by a different combination of enzymes, producing a set of TAR constructs with different lengths of nonhomologous DNA at the end of the specific hook (Fig.
A piece argues that despite David Duke's pariah status on the national level, he has won favor among Louisiana Republicans with a slick combination of race-baiting and shady quid pro quos.

The word altar is derived from the Latin word altare, a combination of altus, high, and ara, altar, referring to a raised structure for worship, one that goes upward toward the sky or heaven.
An alanine substitution mutant, N226A, of a conserved residue at the end of molego 7a that forms a hydrogen bond with the second phosphate group downstream of the abasic site, had enhanced APE activity but increased Km and Kd values, similar to an alanine mutant of R177, which binds to the same site, reported previously [ 34 ] . A combination of the two mutants, N226A and R177A, substantially reduced the ability of APE1 to bind to DNA containing an abasic site (Izumi et al.
The generation of Hoxc-8 transgenic mice and the characterization of their phenotype have been published [ 1 ] . Briefly, Hoxc-8 expressing mice are generated in a binary transgenic mouse system [ 44 ] by crossing a transactivator strain (harboring a transgene in which expression of the transcriptional transactivator VP16 is under control of the Hoxc-8 promoter; [ 45 ] ) to a transresponder strain (that carries as a transgene the Hoxc-8 cDNA linked to the ICP4 immediate early gene promoter, which is silent in mice in the absence of VP16; [ 45 46 ] ). Upon combination of both transgenes, the Hoxc-8 transresponder transgene is activated, and Hoxc-8 becomes overexpressed [ 23 ] . This system also allows the generation of transgenic mice with increased gene dosage by superimposition of transgene loci to homozygosity [ 23 44 ] . For the studies reported here, we used the T239 transactivator and the IE-c8-254 transresponder strains.
We used a combination of direct sequencing and DHPLC to search for mutations in 8 patients with DMD and a carrier sister.
To assess the role of Nrg1 relative to the two other factors known to be required for glucose repression, Mig1 and Mig2, we compared the mutant phenotypes caused by nrg1Δ, mig1Δ, and mig2Δ, as well as testing combinations of these deletions.
SUC2 mRNA levels in double and triple mutant combinations.
Upon investigation of the parameter combinations that showed some difference in power, specifically, for the scenario highlighted by Rebaï et al.
Free floating sections were incubated in a combination of rabbit anti β-galactosidase at a dilution of 1/1 k and goat anti ChAT at a dilution of 1/100, overnight at 4°C followed by a combination of donkey anti rabbit tagged with tetramethyl rhodamine isothiocyanate (TRITC) and donkey anti goat tagged with aminomethylcoumarin acetate (AMCA) each at a dilution of 1/50, at room temperature for 60 minutes.
The choice of compounds (Table 1) was based on a combination of human taste experiences, behavioral and electrophysiological experiments in C57BL/6J mice and molecular data.
 " a combination that has been shown to increase the neurotoxicity of domoic acid to primary cultures of cerebellar neurons [ 31 ] or (2) an increase in the time of exposure to domoic acid, as we have reported is the case with LPS [ 7 ] . The fact that domoic acid has been shown to activate rat microglia several days after in vivo administration [ 60 ] clearly raises this latter possibility.
If one takes the set of regions for calling a combination positive that gives a good ROC curve in a random sample of data, it may give a poor ROC curve in another random sample of the data, simply due to selecting chance patterns in the first sample.
Thus, even with substantial tumor burden, the combination of sub-lethal radiation and splenocyte transfer could stop tumor growth during the course of the study.
The disorder most frequent in our group was the combination of B27 with AS.
Clearly, this level of understanding will require a combination of biophysical measurements - which we think must be nondestructive, real-time and experimentally flexible - transgenic technology, knockout or precision antisense experiments, and modeling of plant function.
Therefore it is only rare hypomorphic alleles or allele combinations that allow the animals to survive to adult stage where increased lifespan can be observed.
Taken together, the combination of unmodified oligonucleotides and low printing concentrations has resulted in an approximately 16-fold reduction in reagent costs.
We also looked for combinations of motifs that had been reported to function together [ 47 ] . The G-box and H-box motifs occur together in 31 promoters in our collection ( p = 0.00587).
Other methods are being investigated (such as oxidation and scrubbing technologies), which utilize ozone, barrier discharge, and catalyst and/or chemical additives in combination with existing technologies.
The following figure illustrates traditional centralized and decentralized organizational structures, in comparison with the hybrid combination used by leading organizations today.
That is, a tiny fraction of the possible combinations of the values of the constants are consistent with the existence of chemistry and stars, as well as life.
For linking purposes, we use special study-specific codes, rather than medical record numbers, Social Security numbers, or an easily decoded combination of initials and birth dates.
The majority of the mis-scoring involved a homozygous sample being called heterozygous, i.e., an amplification signal was observed with both sets of OCP/primer combinations.
Linear combination may not, however, be the best way of reducing the dimension of the variable space.
For example, if the combination of B alleles on distal chromosome 1 and B alleles on proximal chromosome 19 is favorable for fitness, then these two intervals will effectively be in linkage disequilibrium in the final RI set.
The strength of a computer encryption algorithm depends largely on "key length," essentially the number of possible combinations in the code.
That other sweet commodity, sugar, got itself associated with endearments for women with combinations, as sugar baby, sugar babe, sugar pie.
In 1950 the city established a Military Tattoo at the same time as the Festival, and the two have now become an inseparable combination.
These TG mice showed progressive structural and functional abnormalities in their testes, leading eventually to infertility [ 23 24 25 ] . In our recent paper, we described an altered pattern of germ cell proliferation throughout postnatal life in the ABP-TG mice, resulting in a progressive reduction in total germ cell numbers with increasing age [ 26 ] . However, it was not clear whether the reduction in germ cell numbers was the result of a reduced rate of proliferation, an increased rate of apoptosis, or a combination of the two.
If the gods are sufficiently against you, if a peculiar, nay, unprecedented combination of events--debacle in Russia, stalemate in Japan, market crash in the United States--comes to pass, even the best strategy comes to grief.
During the Watergate scandal President Nixon had to face an even more powerful combination, one that incorporated his own nickname in a double that ended with the negative diminutive - y . Whoever coined the term tricky-dicky must have sensed that the combination would hit hard.
Infection associated with at least one of the symptoms mentioned above and confirmed by serology or in combination with viral DNA detection was designated as "symptomatic infection".
Using PCR with combinations of primers designed from these PEVE sequences and the genome-walking approach, several overlapping fragments constituting the 7.6 kb contig were isolated.
Although direct evidence that autoantigen cleavage fragments produced during cell death elicit autoantibody responses is still scarce, Pollard et al . reported that immunization of B10.S mice (H-2 s) with a 19 kDa proteolytic cleavage fragment of fibrillarin (derived from nonapoptotic cell death) elicited antibodies that are comparable with human anti-fibrillarin autoantibodies and those derived from mice exposed to mercury [ 40 ] . In a study using human sera, Greidinger et al . reported that the recognition of apoptosis-derived and oxidatively modified forms of the 70 kDa subunit of U1 small nuclear ribonucleoprotein autoantigen was associated with distinct disease manifestations [ 41 ] . Furthermore, Oriss et al . demonstrated that a combination of antigen-processing cells and a fragment of DNA topoisomerase I efficiently elicited autoreactive T-cell proliferation, whereas the full-length topoisomerase I required additional stimulus of exogenous interleukin-2 [ 42 ] .
This combination of factors results in relaxed selection at many loci and higher levels of genetic drift affecting the entire genome.
Both combinations achieved virtually the same result and data are presented using the second method.
The SW756 cell line with methylation and one of the two unmethylated cell lines showed reactivated expression upon treatment with 5-Aza-2' deoxycytidine or in combination with n-butyrate, but not with n-butyrate alone.
Mitochondrial Hmgcs2, which is involved in ketogenesis, was up regulated, particularly with the combination diet (1.
We hovered above the city for more than an hour before landing--a combination of bad weather and President Clinton taking off from the S.F.
The cell frequencies in the table would then be inspected to determine which combinations of alleles accounted for the statistically significant results; i.e. to identify the combinations that occur with elevated frequency in patients with high TCD.
What looks to some like the aftermath of a child’s tantrum among its building blocks is on closer inspection an artful composition of 354 precast concrete boxes (originally hoisted into place by crane) to create 158 homes of various sizes and combinations.
A specific combination of β and γ subtypes may play such a role; however, one thorough study showed a lack of βγ on Golgi membranes of exocrine pancreatic cells even though a variety of Gα were readily detected in the Golgi [ 33 ] . Other proteins that may specifically promote the intracellular targeting of Gα have not been identified.
4. Combinations of sounds requiring two or more consecutive tongue movements are distorted into one compromised sound.
In fact, the current combination of changes in information technology, management practice, and manufacturing strategy may be one of the places where the impact of computers on the economy has been hidden until recently.
The t element of the tsh combination represented by ch in Spanish, as in English, is not so commonly skipped as the first l of the double l combination, but it is often dropped, at least in northern Mexico; so what the Gringo cowboys heard was shaparreras, which they trimmed down to what was spelled chaps but pronounced shaps .
FCM analysis was performed in MCF7/ADR cells treated for 48 h with ADR alone or in combination with 20 μM NOM.
Sub-lethal irradiation has been successfully used to decrease tumor burden in combination with a cytokine-producing tumor vaccine in a murine renal cell carcinoma lung metastases model [ 32 ] .
My guess is that such a quantity might be reached if one counted all the permutations and combinations; in reality, though, there are probably far fewer actual words.
Boogie Nights follows Dirk from 1977, when promiscuity was still socially acceptable and porn actors still dreamed of being recognized as legitimate artists, through 1984, by which time a combination of Reagan-era values and the rise of low-quality video has brought the industry crashing back to earth.
(4) In combination with in vivo data characterizing analgesic and unwanted effects of these ligands, the in vitro data can be used to identify the activation profile of the ideal opioid analgesic that has minimal side effects.
Pyrotechnic devices also launch tear gas from afar, in combination with a heat source.
As presented in figure 28, greedy MP algorithm in certain cases can fail to properly decompose signal containing even a simple combination of dictionary's functions.
The conformations generated were minimised using ENCAD [ 36 ] and scored using a combination of scoring functions that hierarchically reduces the total number of conformations produced to one final conformation.
In addition, program-inquiry visits conducted in combination with state planning visits took place in the District of Columbia, Alaska, Kansas, and Hawaii.
If a significant difference between vectors is obtained, this method does not specify whether the difference is due to the variability, the peak phase estimate or some combination of the two.
The ensemble, equipment, and clothing of the vaquero evolved through the years as a combination of Spanish leather and regional indigenous fabrics.
It is possible that some chemical, or combination of chemicals, other than PCBs in the fish could lead to the changes in sex ratio we found, although this may be less likely given the specificity of our results for serum PCB and not DDE.
Although we applied our methodology to a cross-classification of categorical covariates, it could also be applied to continuous covariates or a univariate combination of covariates in a manner analogous to a propensity score [ 22 ] . Let u denote a vector of covariates and e 
In many instances the grantees are funded by a combination of LSC funds and other public or private sources.
If dabbling in Holocaust denial doesn't convict Buchanan of anti-Semitism on its own, it makes a powerful case in combination with the many things he has said and written pointing to Jews as a surreptitious, sinister force in American life.
And, as the N particles in the bottle collide and exchange momenta, bouncing oV in new combinations of directions with new combinations of velocities according to Newton’s three laws of motion, the 6N numbers representing the system at each moment change in time through some succession of 6N numbers.
Because tax brackets and capital gains are not indexed, the combination of rapid inflation and high taxes ends up eating away most real gains.
It appears from the different clinical trials with endostatin, thalidomide, the synthetic inhibitors of MMPs, and the different anti-VEGFs that angiostatics, though slightly effective in advanced diseases, are more likely indicated in combination with chemotherapy or radiotherapy and as an adjuvant therapy to treat small tumour masses, in particular local minimal residual disease or micrometastasis.
Identifying genes for polygenic ischemic stroke has been a difficult task and most human studies have employed a candidate gene approach [ 5 ] although at least one genomewide linkage scan in affected sibling pairs is on the way [ 22 ] . We propose to use a combination of a candidate gene association study and genomewide association scan in children with Hb SS at high (230 cases) or low (400 controls) risk for cerebrovascular disease as determined by their TCD velocity.
The mean weights of the rats in the various experimental groups differed by less than 10% from those of rats not treated with a chemopreventive agent, except for the rats treated with a combination of tamoxifen and 4-HPR, in which the mean weight was approximately 15% lower than the that in untreated group by the end of the study (Fig.
Instead of taking linear combination of gene expression levels, we first discretize the expression levels of all the 100 genes over 72 samples into four categories using the quantiles as the cut-off points.
Accumulation of ADR was monitored using a standard procedure by incubating MCF7/ADR cells (5 × 10 5/ml) for 2 h at 37°C in the presence of ADR (10 μM) alone or in combination with NOM (20, 10 or 5 μM).
Lysophophatidic Acid (LPA) is a member of this class of compounds, and its plasma levels have been proposed as a potential biomarker for ovarian cancer [ 16 17 ] . LPA is a family of related molecules with molecular weights in the vicinity of 400 to 600 Daltons, and a variety of LPA species has been reported to be increased in malignant ascites from patients with ovarian cancer as detected by electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (ESI-MS) [ 18 ] . LPA related species have also been reported to be increased in plasma samples from patients with ovarian cancer using a combination of thin layer chromatography (to isolate an "LPA band" from patient plasma) followed by ESI-MS.
The NYT lead reports that the combination of job growth and the relatively low rise in wage rate sent stocks soaring on Friday: the Dow Jones rose 247.
This protein acts as inhibitor of cyclin-dependent kinases (the "cell cycle engine" [ 50 ] ), and its elevated expression has been consistently demonstrated in different cell types after the disruption of cell-matrix interactions (compare Figure 1and [ 31 32 51 52 ] ). Furthermore, p27 Kip1is an established target of PTEN signaling, i.e., its activity has been found increased after the forced expression of exogenous PTEN [ 53 54 55 56 ] . In combination with the data presented in this manuscript, it therefore appears that PTEN contributes to anchorage-dependent growth control by a two-fold approach: the dephosphorylation of the signaling molecule FAK in combination with the stimulation of the cell cycle inhibitor p27 Kip1.
Like depression, the management of anxiety often requires a combination of supportive therapy and medications.
The Hebrew word circumvented and about which there is some commentary discussion is zalmaveth, zal meaning `shadow' and maveth meaning `death,' the combination translated in the King James Version as “the shadow of death,” a quivering image.
Some ethicists are troubled by the combination of e-commerce, eugenics and egg pimping.
The term "coal-fired" with regard to a unit means, for purposes of section 434, a unit combusting coal or any coal-derived fuel alone or in combination with any amount of any other fuel in any year during the period from the eighth through the fourth year before the first covered year.
To identify cDNAs for the remaining genes, we plan on using a combination of additional EST sequencing, reverse transcriptase PCR (RT-PCR) and cDNA library screening.
In an earlier incarnation of this column, in fact, I argued that the combination of new oil-discovery and oil-recovery technology with the advent of the spot futures market in oil meant that the OPEC's glory days were long gone.
Figure 1shows that this is possible under a fairly broad range of parameter combinations (i.e.
Although Cdc5 activity (1) is necessary to free nucleolar Cdc14 in late mitosis, (2) can elicit ectopic release of Cdc14 in pre-anaphase cells when overproduced, (3) regulates the phosphorylation state of Net1 during anaphase, and (4) can disassemble native and recombinant RENT complexes in vitro by phosphorylating Net1, a combination of in vivo and in vitro phosphosite mapping and mutagenesis experiments suggest that Cdc5 mediates exit from mitosis primarily by phosphorylating targets other than Net1.
Tamoxifen, alone or in combination with retinoids, decreased tumor incidence by more than 70% by the end of the study, whereas 9cRA alone decreased it by 50%.
This eigen gene is the normalized linear combination of genes with largest variance across the samples.
HPV 16 alone or in combination with other HPV types was found in 46 tumors, while 12 tumors had other HPV types including HPV 18.
However, when ADR was used in combination with 20 μM NOM, a marked arrest was seen.
Two of three cell lines with RASSF1A methylation and complete lack of expression reactivated upon treatment with 5-Aza-2' deoxycytidine alone or in combination with n-butyrate.
In combination with data from three-dimensional imaging analyses [ 15 ] , these results support the suggestion that the AQP1 channel may contain separate parallel pathways for ion and water fluxes.
And some are motivated by combinations of these considerations.
The combination of public library (1st–3rd floors), children’s and adult workshops (ground floor), cinémathèque, industrial design center, and music laboratory has made the complex a constant hive of activity.
In the meantime, nightclubs on Tauentzienstraße provided a combination of political satire and striptease, and sharp analysis of world affairs was accompanied by plenty of alcohol, cocaine, and sexual license.
We have previously reported that some of the late induction of RIIβ by cAMP depends on the rapid cAMP-mediated increase in C/EBPβ expression [ 17 ] . To test the effect of different USF isoforms on C/EBPβ-mediated induction of the RIIβ promoter, we transfected combinations of the transcription factors (Fig.
But a combination of remarkable communal solidarity and determination coupled with extensive private- and public-sector investment lie behind a recovery that is nothing short of astonishing.
In terms of aggregate density (the concentration of receptors within aggregates) the result was the mirror image of that for aggregate number: agrin alone was indistinguishable from controls, while laminin alone or in combination significantly increased density (Figure 2D).
To the rest of the world, U.S. foreign policy is "We're Number One-ism"--an insufferable combination of gloating and bullying.
The fundamental fact remains, as they readily admit, no matter how many histogram-based criteria are employed for local segmentation, that widely different combinations of image features (drusen and background) can yield the same histogram.
Combination of TAC and SRL resulted in a significant inhibition of cytokines in sera of patients compared to patients treated with TAC/MMF/Aza.
Responses to the baseline survey for knowledge and attitude items among all schools were compared across all combinations of groups (1 versus 2, 1 versus 3 and 2 versus 3).
The cell frequencies in the table would then be inspected to determine which combinations of alleles accounted for the statistically significant results; i.e. to identify the combinations that occur with elevated frequency in patients with high TCD.
Our data, therefore, suggest that the CC patients showing RARB promoter methylation may benefit from targeted chemopreventive treatment of combination of retinoic acid, demethylating, and chromatin modifying agents that reactivate the gene expression.
It was only Sean Connery's peculiar combination of traits--he could seem rugged and snooty at once--that made us think 007 a more interesting character than he was.
Your gift may be designated for the school's general endowment, a particular scholarship or program, or a combination of needs.
Query: Consensus motif alone and varying combinations of sequence at the N- and C-terminal ends
It has been shown that NR1 possesses all the properties characteristic of the NMDA receptor channel complex [ 4, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12] whereas the NR2 subunit has no independent channel activity in its homomeric structure but potentiates the NMDA receptor activity when expressed in combination with the NR1 subunit [ 4, 13, 14].
Also in the plaza is the Casa de las Bulas, which holds the interesting combination of a small market of Córdoban craftspeople selling silver filigree and tooled leather goods, and the Museo Taurino (Bullfighting Museum).
1Ashows that pAD-LeFPP leads to activation of the HIS gene in combination with pBD-LeMAF1 (sector a) and with pBD-AtMAF1 (sector b), but not with pBDAtRanGAP1 (sector c) or the binding domain vector pBD-GAL4 alone (sector d).
The evidence requiring this gate is that SAR elicited by DC3000• avrRpt2 was prevented by either a npr1 mutation [ 9 ] or a ndr1 mutation [ 4 ] . We conclude that the characteristic avrRpt2 -elicited "slow HR" can only contribute to SAR in combination with NPR1 -dependent, early SA-elicited signaling, necessitating the "and" gate.
The implementation allows an analysis of any possible combination of subclades within the protein phylogeny.
ClustalX [ 4 ] uses the ClustalW algorithm [ 5 ] to align sequences using a combination of progressive alignment and dynamic programming, making this algorithm sensitive to divergence between closely related sequences (<35% identity).
The probable combination of carboxyl groups and phosphates for species D1 is one carboxyl group and two phosphates since VO 2+complexes ADP through two phosphates before VO 2+-ADP is bound to the enzyme.
It could be any one or combination of a number of things, including power, prestige, or even misplaced ethical values (values that he thought were right, even if they were, in fact, not).
For example, Crat expression was significantly up regulated 3.3* fold with FISH treatment, but was less effected with FUNG and the combination diet.
Though it is widely believed that events such as the combination of inflation and unemployment in the 1970s, or the noninflationary growth from 1982 to 1989, baffled and astounded macroeconomists, this turns out to be another of those oddly popular anti-economist legends--similar to the legend that economists refused to believe in increasing returns.
RNAseH assays were also carried out after removal of the endogenous nucleic acid, and multiple RNA sequences and DNA oligonucleotide combinations were employed.
And who exactly should be doing all this--the government or the charitable private sector, or some combination of the two?
Maximum enhancement of NK mediated cytotoxicity was observed with a combination of IL-12 and IL-2, the effect of the two cytokines together being additive [ 2 ] . Another study revealed that cytokine stimulated NK cells use both granzyme/Fas ligand pathways of apoptotic induction to mediate cytotoxicity [ 3 ] and it was found that IL-2 and IL-12 both increase induction in mRNA coding for perforin/ granzymes A and B [ 4 ] . Hence the importance of both these cytokines in enhancing cytotoxicity cannot be overlooked.
While sex and birth order are immutable, the other factors likely serve as surrogates for a combination of maternal exposures such as stress, socioeconomic position, and nutrition, and thus are not permanently bound to differences in fetal growth for future populations.
Though the role of TGF-β has been correlated with drug induced nephrotoxicity [ 29 ] it is early to speculate if this combination will also result in an increased nephrotoxic effects.
Since these combinations were tried with equal weighting, further improvement may be obtained by parameterising how the different move sets and search techniques are applied depending on the trajectory landscape.
Holed up in his squalid attic studio in Montmartre (models complained of the dust, but Degas believed that sweeping just moved the dust around), Degas narrowed his subject matter to a few recurrent motifs--women bathing, having their hair combed, and dancing--while at the same time experimenting with a remarkable range of techniques and media (photography, tracing paper, lurid color combinations).
We tried several different combinations and concentrations of viral proteins and methamphetamine or cocaine.
3 percent through some combination of personal, business, and government saving.
Chaplin's film Modern Times was translated into Medeng Shidai , a typical example of combination translation: medeng is a phonetic rendition of modern; shidai means times.
Nearby stands La Casa del Rey Moro (The Moorish King’s House), which is a curious combination of the water mine and gardens designed by the French landscaper Jean Claude Nicolas Forestier in the 1920s.
It has been widely thought, but never been proven that the specific tyrosine kinase inhibitors such as Gleevec can be used as adjuvant therapy in combination with conventional chemotherapy, because the limited clinical trial data suggests only a marginal benefits using this kind of drug to treat the cancer alone (John Rogers, WVU Cancer center, ECOG trial member, personal communication).
This is likely to be due to a combination of mutation and selection: mutation can act in parallel across an entire genome, changing many sites simultaneously; however, this process is limited by the consequences of error at each position.
To address this question, we tested the binding affinity of combinations of Plx1-phosphorylated or unphosphorylated Net1N and Cdc14.
In brief, two rounds of amplification were carried out, which consisted of a combination of in vitro transcription and template-switching PCR.
The scale effect is likely to be caused by a combination of horizontal surface area, wall area, and depth.
To combat these enzymes, β-lactamase inhibitors such as clavulanic acid, sulbactam, and tazobactam have been given in combination with a β-lactam containing antibiotic to treat bacterial infections [ 52 ] . One class of β-lactamases that are particularly unaffected by the known β-lactamase inhibitors and have been shown to hydrolyze almost all known β-lactam containing antibiotics including late generation carbapenems at high rates are the metallo-β-lactamases [ 14 15 16 17 18 19 ] . Although there are no reports of metallo-β-lactamases isolated from major pathogens [ 51 53 ] , these enzymes are produced by pathogens such as B. fragilis, S. maltophilia, and P. aeruginosa.
Our approach determines, from all possible combinations of disjoint probability distributions, the set of distributions that most effectively distinguishes functional sites from non-functional sequences.
NMDA-receptor clusters are present within the inner plexiform layer (IPL) of the retina, and the receptor clusters are composed of different subunit combinations: NR1/NR2A, NR1/NR2B and a small number of clusters also contain NR1/NR2A/NR2B [ 52].
Different classifications and combinations of sedatives, analgesics or antipsychotics can be tried until the combination that brings about the most appropriately calm cerebral function tracing is discovered.
In a review by Kripke in 1998, light therapy was presented as significantly expediting and improving the symptoms of non-seasonal depression both when used alone and in combination with other forms of antidepressant treatment [ 14 ] . When combined with antidepressant medications, two European studies from 1992 and 1994 demonstrated that bright light therapy added a relative advantage of 27% [ 15 16 17 ] . In another study by Neumeister et.
It's a combination of the two.
The NYT front tells of a U.N. report just out disclosing that in certain parts of Africa one in four adults is infected with HIV--and most of them will die as a result because Africans cannot for the most part afford the combination drug therapies that can keep the virus in check--and that worldwide, AIDS now rivals the greatest epidemics of history.
For 6-mers and above, the reason that words of different lengths have identical slopes is because their distributions are not independent of each other; longer words also contain combinations of the shorter words.
This combination of residues has not previously been shown to yield an active T7 RNA polymerase promoter.
In the absence of PSS, which does not occur at significant levels in rec12 mutants [ 52 ] , such mixed segregation patterns can only be generated by a combination of errors in both reductional and equational segregation.
I'd like to volunteer that these books have drawn some perversely unsatisfying combination reviews, most notably in the Sept. 6 New York Times , which devoted the weight of 30 column inches (by my pica rule) to admiring Celebration, U.S.A. , except for one paragraph spent denouncing The Celebration Chronicles on the astonishing grounds that Mr. Ross is a single man in an apartment without a mortgage or children, and thus had no "real stake" equipping him to comment.
For example: kith and kin, wrack and ruin ; in German: mit Kind und Kegel, drauf und dran ; in French: sain et sauf . Alongside such fixed combinations, which seem to adhere to their own rhythmic and phonetic rules, are the playful, nonsensical, purely rhythmical and melodious formulations, which distinctly recall the ancient incantatory cantillations characteristic of Egyptian, Greek, and Roman and latterday hocus pocus.
It is notable that the mice receiving the combination treatment had a mean tumor volume of 4.6 mm 3(p = 0.0004) and an average tumor number of 2.3, comparable to the situation at the beginning of the trial.
Dietary FISH had the effect of decreasing Ttr; whereas, FUNG and particularly the combination diet, increased Ttr (1.
[ 17 ] All analyses were stratified by type of drug therapy (none, insulin alone or in combination with oral sulfonylureas, and oral sulfonylureas only) in accordance with the literature which suggests greater rates of monitoring among those using insulin therapy.
It is intriguing that, in general, both Acly and Fasn were more strongly down regulated with the combination diet than the individual LC-PUFA.
On a first visit, you’ll probably be able to get a feel for just a few of the regions we describe, but you can capture the essence of Canada in a judicious combination of two or three major cities and the marvelous outdoor life.
These could include hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
We obtain the overall probabilities to find a pure or mixed offspring virion by summing over all possible combinations of infections, with their respective probabilities.
However, we found that patients harboring HPV16 in combination with other HPV types showed significant increase in 5p loss compared to patients harboring HPV16 alone.
The 50% inhibitory concentrations (IC 50 ) and the combination index values (CI) were calculated as previously described [ 27 ] using a computer program (CalcuSyn) kindly provided by Dr. T. C. Chou (Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, New York).
By combination of serology and DNA analysis, we were able to detect symptomatic infection more frequently in comparison to serology only (p = 0.013 for EBV; p = 0.007 for CMV).
Howard Fineman of Newsweek : "He's sort of turning himself into a combination of Walter Mondale and Dick Gephardt, the lunch-bucket, street-corner Democrat--the guy who grew up on Wisconsin Avenue."
Just north of Kyoto is Fukui, a prefecture long renowned for its unique combination of history and superb natural scenery.
The papers also report that censure is fading fast, foundering on a combination of strict constitutional readings and disputes about precise wording.
Libraries could be constructed by hybridization of SSR probes with different set of AFLP fragments resulted from changing different one-base at 3' end of AFLP primers, which should have 16 possible primer combinations, or with different set of restriction fragments resulted from using different restriction enzyme combinations.
5 The combination of higher returns to saving and reduced wealth might encourage households and businesses to save more.
Exploratory analyses of large data bases are often used to select a smaller number of variables for additional testing, on the basis of interesting patterns that emerged from various combinations of the elements of the large data base.
Approval of T&A reports and related documents should be based on personal observation, work output, timekeeper verification, checking data against other independent sources, reliance on other controls, or a combination of these methods.
Although the likelihood ratio test again rejected the combination of height and weight as the BMI, one can broadly interpret the results as implying that subjects with higher BMI had lower HDL and higher LDL concentrations.
Yeah, I know Randy never takes his ideas from TV Guide . Nor does he often stoop to the crassness inherent in the combination of "Fox TV" and "plastic vials."
Tests showed that the combination of Superamine slides and MSP printing buffer solution from Telechem provided the best combination of spot morphology, retention of DNA after processing of slides and signal-to-noise ratio after hybridization.
The Q758C mutant has previously been assayed for its activity at position -8 with different bases, and was shown to prefer G or A at -8 compared to the wild type promoter (-8T) [ 7 ] . This finding was further borne out in our experiments; the Q758C:GAC G polymerase:promoter combination yielded substantially more T7 RNA polymerase as judged by gel electrophoresis, than did Q758C:GACT (wt) (Figure 2a).
The procedure followed was similar than previously described [ 8]: each flexible ligand of the Available Chemicals Directory (MDL Information Systems, San Leandro) was docked automatically into the combination of potential maps described above, and assigned a score according to its fit with the receptor.
Using their own weighted combination of informative gene markers, they picked out 30 genes whose expression levels would be used to do a 2-way classification.
An example of an efficient combination of careful specification of the purpose of the study matched with appropriate site selection is the GGD study of the productivity of the Social Security Administration's (SSA's) regional operations.
On both islands, tour companies offer excursions by road or in combinations with boat trips, to see the mountain and coastal scenery, famed beaches, spectacular caves, and various purpose-built attractions.
The task was left to Bindusara’s heir Ashoka (269–232 b.c. ), admired by Indians as their greatest ruler, perhaps for his special combination of tough authoritarianism and a high sense of moral righteousness.
The program, with its combination of rules and incentives, had prodded them to do something they would not have done for themselves.
It has been shown that increasing amounts of Ang-2 can block the chemotactic activity of Ang-1 in endothelial cells [ 21 ] . Ang-2 alone did not stimulate corneal neovascularization, but the combination of Ang-2 and VEGF resulted in longer vessels with greater circumferential extent than those seen with VEGF alone [ 9 ] . This suggests that Ang-2 expression in the absence of VEGF leads to vessel regression, whereas expression of Ang-2 in the presence of VEGF potentiates angiogenesis.
The grouping was done by collecting the nodes at the third and fourth levels of the tree in Figure 3. In other words, the ranks for the different types and positions of the contaminants were averaged for a unique combination of the original distribution type and sample size.
Within each antibody response group, the multiple regression coefficient (R 2) provided an estimate of the proportion of variance in DMFT explained by the combination of variables tested.
Briefly, 10 6peripheral blood mononuclear cells were stained with each combination of antibodies in Hanks buffered saline solution (Cellgro, Herndon, VA, USA), 3% fetal bovine serum, and 0.02% NaN 3 for 15 min on ice; washed twice with Hanks buffered saline solution, 3% fetal bovine serum and 0.02% NaN 3 ; and fixed with 1% paraformaldehyde.
6%) tumors, while the patients infected with HPV16 in combination with other HPV types exhibited 9 of 10 (90%) LOH.
' It has appeared in such unlikely combinations as talkathon, walkathon, aquathon, ski-a-thon, bike-athon, birdathon, sell-athon, sale-athon, curl-a-thon (a `hairstyling extravaganza'), and even the seemingly unnecessary jogathon and runathon (denoting more leisurely or shorter races than a marathon).
Similarly, the effect under the normally distributed phenotype was allowed to vary (Table 2) under seventy five parameter combinations.
Because the single combination treatment lead to clear therapeutic benefits and yet did not eradicate established tumors, we asked whether mice would benefit from repeated treatments.
The ad is for the Mills Corp.'s 10 th and newest mall, each organized around the theme "total experience," by which is meant a combination of shopping and entertainment, by which is meant a chance to buy stuff at Foot Locker and then play a video game.
Penetrance is defined as the probability of diseasegiven a particular combination of genotypes.
The circular Pantheon (Piazza della Rotonda) is the best-preserved monument of ancient Rome and rivals the Colosseum in its combination of quiet elegance and sheer massive power.
RAPB Tm generated a marked increase in the percentage of IL-4-producing cells when primed with the combination of IL-4 and anti-IFN-γ antibody.
The possibility of using CEP cells, both alone and in combination with different angiogenic growth factors, represents a promising means of obtaining stable vessels.
As the teacher, Williams has the right combination of standoffishness and warmth, but she's more colorless than this passive part requires.
Moreover 24-hour exposure to LN1 did not bring about a significant increase in aggregate number, while agrin did (alone or in combination with LN1: Figure 2B).
The software allows a manufacturer to take existing production markers and automatically “compact” the arrangement of pieces by translation or a combination of translation and allowable amounts of rotation.
We defined complications and manifestations occurring on the day of the influenza/ILI diagnosis or during the 21-day follow-up period using individual or combinations of ICD-9 codes to capture respiratory, cardiovascular, infectious, musculoskeletal, symptoms, and other diseases.
Stuart Altman) are the lamentable combination of increasing expenses and decreasing funds.
Kincaid's eccentric combination of suspicious narrative analysis and self-help, can-do enthusiasm may be just the Dale Carnegie twist these old ideas need.
In some cases, these combinations may not exist in vivo . In particularly complex cases, curators did not create every splice form suggested by the data, but commented that the potential exists for additional splice forms.
The first column of U , u 1 best spans (that is, when multiplied by a constant) the columns of A . Together with the second column, A is exactly captured by taking linear combinations of u 1 and u 2 . In this case, u 3 and u 4 are not needed to capture A . Similarly, the first column of V , v 1 best spans the gene vectors (rows) of A . The first value along the diagonal of D measures how much contribution u 1 and v 1 make to capturing A , and the next value measures how much contribution u 2 and v 2 make.
This book, the title of which suggests that it might deal with dictionaries, is a dictionary of difficult, unusual, often obscure, obsolete words, a combination of Poplollies and Bellibones , by Mrs. Heifetz, and The New York Times Everyday Reader's Dictionary of Misunderstood ...
In evolutionary theory, this combination is thought to help stir the gene pool, so to speak.
We calculated the I/S ratio for suppliers in our matched sample and then compared those with the ratios of suppliers that used different combinations of the four manufacturing practices.
A small number of distinct samples (3) in combination with a large number of replicates per sample (10) most probably accounts for the slightly tighter distribution of expression ratios than that observed in our study.
The combination of similar and distinct features is further supported by the observation that TXK can rescue phospholipase C-γ activation in BTK deficient DT40 cells, but fails to rescue a defect in apoptosis [ 42].
Implementing a combination of centralized and decentralized information management enables leading organizations to effectively support their business operations.
Nursed on boxing and Hollywood, Americans imagine fights as choreography, a dance of elegant combinations, roundhouse kicks, clean knockouts.
A possible explanation for this failure to respond may be that all the four patients in the present study were treated only with radiotherapy with or without combination of surgery.
From a practical point of view, the over-determination is of little consequence because the computational load of comparing sequences corresponds mostly to the identification of candidate pairing combinations.
Sam Schulman complains in the Wall Street Journal that despite the excellent material, Eisler "cannot capture" the essence of Byron's power "because her earnestness misses his seductive combination of modesty, irony, self-doubt and self-confidence."
What the gentleman may have perceived as amateurish and obnoxious could have been a combination of nervousness and inexperience.
Such a sustained effect is expected to prevent graft rejection, demonstrating the efficacy of this combination in renal transplant recipients.
It was displaced long ago by a combination of other leisure activities, including TV, computer games, and the more telegenic games of basketball and football.
In essence, all filter programs work like search engines in reverse, keeping out anything with certain words or combinations of letters.
With the combination treatment, a significant reduction in both tumor volume (87%; p = 0.0004) and tumor number was observed.
These data, in combination with the above findings, do not support a role for 5-HT in the activation of the JNK pathway in vascular smooth muscle cells.
Various growth factors such as angiopoietin (ang)-1, platelet-derived growth factor, transforming growth factor-β as well as VEGF-A are also involved in arteriogenesis, and it may therefore be necessary to use combinations of these factors to obtain stable and mature vessels (Fig.
The term "integrated gasification combined cycle plant" means any combination ofequipment used to gasify fossil fuels (with or without other material) and then burn the gas in a combined cycle combustion turbine.
The device is not without its pitfalls however, as witness the following: Henry David's a Restaurant . The combination of the possessive and the apposition creates a solecism unless we assume that a word was omitted--perhaps Pub or Saloon . I have passed the sign several times in the past few years and recently noted that it had been cleaned and repainted, but the apostrophe remains.
Critics also like their combination of high-minded lyrics about Tibet and the environment with highbrow inanities about Postimpressionist painters.
It's hard to tell if this is still the Era of Stock Market Good Feeling or if a combination of Y2K concerns, rising interest rates, misreadings of Alan Greenspan, and conventional "October is a bad month for stocks" has brought it to a sudden end.
Each shirt corresponding to a combination of these characteristics—for example, a 16–35 blue, button-down, pinpoint oxford shirt with French cuffs cut long—has its own pattern of demand that varies considerably over the course of a year.
An analysis conducted by the NYT probes an unforeseen effect of the 1996 welfare law, which freed states to run their own anti-poverty programs: A combination of fixed federal grants and shrinking welfare rolls have left states $7.4 billion in the black.
Some of the borrowed words are formed with combinations of sounds and meaning:
IL-4, similar to tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α and IL-1 inhibitors, has been shown be therapeutic for the treatment of murine CIA when administered intravenously as a recombinant protein, either alone or in combination with IL-10.
Weapons systems are a combination of one or more weapons18 with all related equipment, materials, services, personnel, and means of delivery and deployment required for self-sufficiency.
A control chart should be prepared for each combination of reference toxicant, test species, test conditions, and endpoints.
The RNAseH substrate itself (DRF+ RNA annealed to D2507-) also supported DNA synthesis in the trans assay (lane 4), as did the combination of DRF+ RNA and the non-complementary oligonucleotide D2526+ (lane 5).
By contrast, the CD4 +T cells isolated from the synovial fluid demonstrated a significant increase in the percentage of cells that produced IFN-γ alone or in combination with IL-2, whereas a decrease was observed in the percentage of cells that secreted IL-2 alone.
The number of concentrations tested per assay was limited by the 48 wells (16 combinations for triplicate wells), but in separate assays we have seen significant chemotactic activity at mactinin concentrations as low as 0.5 nM.
Of the 51 phylogenetic group/cell location combinations shown in rRNA Introns Table 3 that may contain rRNA introns, 15 (29%) have a intron:rRNA sequence ratio greater than 1.0, indicating a bias toward introns within those groups.
If ever a project called for a combination writer-director--a writer who would confidently leave things unwritten, secure in the knowledge that he or she would, as director, fill it all in--it's Mrs. Dalloway .
The surface roughness values of the insides of the different coping groups are shown in Table 1. No significant difference existed between the three combinations (p = 0.2239).
Regardless, the market did take it on the chin this week, battered by the combination of earnings disappointments from a couple of bellwethers and, above all, by the soaring yield on the 30-year bond.
The only really original option here is the club, La Valentina, a combination restaurant/video bar with a desert-inspired décor.
Nested RACE-PCR (rapid amplification of cDNA ends with PCR) on Marathon kidney cDNA (Clontech) with four different primer combinations (three within known exons and one within a GeneFinder-predicted exon 5' of exon 1) and appropriate nested adaptor primers produced smears and multiple bands over several attempts.
It is for practical reasons not possible to do this minimization over every combination, so the suggestion is to estimate the criterion over a lattice of (α, S 0 ) values and pick the best combination.
To select genes that were changed between CC and Chr in our pilot data set we used an arbitrary cutoff of 2 fold-change units in combination with the Affymetrix difference call (see Methods).
If more than one entry described an identical combination of MHC and peptide sequence information we selected the entry with the best atomic resolution (Å).
("This typically German combination of dark ecology and Nazi trauma found such disfavor," Buruma continues, "that Grass went off to India to sulk."
The procedure followed for each ligand was similar than the grid docking previously described [ 21 ] : each flexible ligand of the ChemDiv public library (ChemDiv Inc., San Diego) was docked automatically into the combination of potential maps described above, and assigned a score according to its fit with the alpha4-beta2 nAChR.
The combination of localization of AQP proteins and using anatomically-based models, has the potential to allow function to be assigned to individual AQPs using mutants and transgenics in which expression of AQPs (singly or in combination) is reduced or eliminated.
A case-control study in 15 patients treated with deferiprone (cases) and 30 patients treated with desferrioxamine (controls) matched for age and serum ferritin levels, demonstrated that deferiprone appears to be more effective than desferrioxamine in removal of myocardial iron despite significantly higher HIC in the deferiprone group [ 5 ] . Although a larger prospective trial is needed to confirm the results, these findings would suggest that a combination of both drugs may be most beneficial in order to reduce both hepatic and myocardial concentrations of iron.
FUNG+FISH refers to the combination of fungal and fish oils fed together
This was done by a combination of four key elements.
The combination of increased prices and the availability of more energy-efficient equipment and appliances reduce electricity demand by about 10%.
Less than 1% of the cells produced the combination of IFN-γ and IL-4.
With PCA, linear combinations (principal components) of the original variables can thus be functionally interpreted (for review see [ 15]).
Two additional combinations of mutants were made.
However, the combination of these two protein fusions in a haploid strain resulted in a ts phenotype at 37°.
The genes were tested individually, using all possible combinations, and by reducing dimensions (Principal Component Analysis) in order to determine the subset of genes (predictor variables) that yielded highest classification accuracy.
What's ordinarily so unappealing about "fashion" is its combination of snobbery, high cost, and humorlessness.
The neighbor-joining (Figure 3a) and maximum-likelihood trees we constructed, in combination with the fact that mammalian KCNQ1 and Anopheles KCNQ2 gene products share a striking 75% identity (despite the divergence of protostomes and deuterostomes close to 700 million years ago), suggest that gene loss in Drosophila , specifically loss of an ancestral KCNQ2 (mammalian KCNQ1 ), is the cause of this difference, rather than gene expansion in Anopheles , which may be the case for the Kv3 and Irk3 (Figure 3b) gene families.
However, recent experimental and clinical studies have refuted this assumption, and have successfully used this combination therapy [ 8 9 10 ] . Therefore there is need of an alternate strategy to use these drugs to treat renal transplant recipients.
After purification we treated the four proteins with a combination of calcineurin and calmodulin to remove phosphates attached to serines and threonines on the recombinant proteins.
The hemorraghic phenotype persisted in all single agent trials, but the combination trial was distinct.
Using highly specific monoclonal antibodies in antibody combinations carefully formulated by BD Transduction Laboratories, this multiprotein assay detects proteins to the nanogram levels and can distinguish closely related members of many important signaling families.
And while I think that even Hare's best work falls short of greatness, the combination of his seriousness and his success bode well for theater as a form on both sides of the Atlantic.
The truth is probably some combination of these three stylized scenarios.
For the binomial phenotype with a backcross design, sample size of 100, the 100 parameter combinations examined resulted in 34 showing no difference in statistical power between the intersection test and the two marker test ( i.e , the value of the difference was exactly zero), 39 favoring the intersection test, and 27 favoring the two marker test.
It is this image of the exotic-familiar, the combination of diamond stud and bluejeans, that has made U.S. reviewers go light on Roy.
There are also several other combinations that may be used, including combinations of ACI with spray dryer and FF and combinations of ACI with FGD.
This "satisfyingly insiderish" (Alexandra Jacobs, Entertainment Weekly ) history of life in the Hamptons is being compared to John Berendt's Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil . Some critics relish the combination of eccentric real-life characters and celebrity dirty laundry.
α-DG aggregate size follows a similar pattern of increase by LN1 (alone or in combination) but not agrin (Figure 4C), but in this case it is the same as the finding with AChRs (Figure 2C).
More research into maintenance therapy is clearly required, because the relative long-term efficacy of different treatments, particularly the combination of PPIs with antibiotics, and the effect of dose variation on the relapse and complications from gastric ulcers is not well studied.
1 shows that combinations of practices increased quite dramatically between 1988 and 1992.
Interestingly, my wife and I listed different combinations of aromas for each of the five white wines under assessment.
The various Thr59 substitutions we constructed are all virtually as active as wild-type in heterodimer combinations with WT and with Y85H, the half-site A lesion (Table 3).
In addition, many proteins consist of combinations of these recurrent substructures (domains) in which case the protein function can be economically annotated based on the presence of these domains.
In contrast, prediction of invertebrate promoters has received much less attention and has focused almost exclusively on Drosophila . Reese [ 11] described the application of time-delay neural networks, and in our previous work [ 12] we used a combination of a generalized hidden Markov model for sequence features and Gaussian distributions for the predicted structural features of DNA.
estimates that the impact of the Clean Air Act maximum achievable control technology portion of the rule in combination with the Clean Water Act portion is that one facility owned by one of the four small entities may close as a result of the combined impact.
In our previous immunofluorescence work examining D-AKAP2 subcellular localization, the protein displayed a diffuse background in addition to mitochondrial staining [ 29 ] . It was thought that the combination of specific and diffuse labeling indicated the presence of more than one pool of D-AKAP2 inside the cells examined.
In vitro data indicates that our constructs when used in combination with GS-E, offer an excellent induction profile and rapid decay of gene expression when the compound is removed from in vitro culture.
The combination of forward and reverse primer concentrations was selected based on the presence of a single band only in the +RT sample.
Under each parameter combination, the cumulative assessment of statistical power was evaluated from the 1000 simulated data sets as the proportion of times the empirical (permutation) p -values were less than the specified α level.
A control chart should be prepared for each combination of reference toxicant, test species, test condition, and endpoint.
The standard treatment for advanced-stage cervix cancer has been the combination of radical surgery and radiotherapy [ 36 ] . The utility of cytotoxic chemotherapy in patients with advanced CC has been recognized recently [ 37 ] . Thus, the epigenetic gene silencing of MGMT , although in a small proportion, may serve as indicator of responsiveness to treatment with chemotherapeutic drugs that cause DNA adducts in CC.
The combination of high-powered connections and freedom from legal restraints makes Barbour uniquely valuable to corporations involved in what economists call "rent-seeking."
Table 4shows the average results of different combinations of move sets and search methods for a set of six proteins (PDB codes: 1ctf, 1e68, 1eh2, 1nkl, 1pgb, 1sro; four of these were CASP targets).
Obesity or higher body mass index have been implicated by some but not other studies as risk factors for increased IOP and glaucoma [ 51 55 56 57 ] . Similarly, diabetes or the combination of diabetes and obesity have been variably associated with elevated IOP and glaucoma [ 46 52 58 59 60 61 62 ] . To test if genetic perturbations that cause obesity and diabetes can alter IOP, we compared groups of mice that were genetically similar except that they were either homozygous or heterozygous for a leptin receptor mutation ( db ) that results in early onset obesity and diabetes.
To more generally compare performance of a combination of markers with a single marker, we need to compare ROC curves.
First, agrin showed no effect on the number of α-DG aggregates per cell, while LN1 (alone and in combination) induced an increase (Figure 4B).
Recently [ 11 ] , we have demonstrated the efficacy of combination of low doses of SRL with either CsA or TAC to inhibit lymphocyte proliferation.
To assess reproducibility of each method, the correlation coefficients were calculated for all possible combinations of pairs within each set of replicates, and then averaged.
Doctors reported that fenfluramine and phentermine, a popular diet pill combination, may cause severe heart-valve disease . The story is all over front pages and the TV news because the pills are prescribed about 20 million times a year.
In this report, we describe a novel post-genomic approach (called Phenogenix ®) that involves the use of complex and random peptide libraries of large size (up to 40 amino acids) and diversity (>10 11independent clones per library) in combination with computational analysis for garnering information on the natural biological partners and pathways [ 7 ] . We also show that the specificity of these peptides can be improved by mutation at the DNA level that has implications for phenotyping and the development of Site Directed Assays.
Leisch [ 34] proposed a bagged clustering method which is a combination of partitioning and hierarchical methods.
While we can identify the types of assistance that QIOs provided to participating nursing homes, we did not have a tracking system in place during the pilot to quantify the amount of assistance provided by state, and each QIO utilized a unique combination of these strategies to assist nursing home providers in its state.
9%) had ever taken hormone replacement therapy and there were similar percentages who had taken combination therapy (Table 2).
One group used a combination of nick translation and nuclease S1 treatment to randomly insert GFP into a cAMP-dependent protein kinase regulatory subunit from Dictyostelium [ 6 ] . A surprisingly large number of the resulting fusion proteins were fluorescent and retained cAMP binding, demonstrating that this can be a powerful approach.
Four replicates were performed for both the control and the combination of ADGE and microarray.
These have ranged from school-based to community-based programs, they have employed media-driven efforts, and they have used coordinated combinations of multiple approaches.
Patients who screened positive on a combination of blood alcohol concentration (BAC), serum gamma glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT), and SMAST scores, and who agreed to a follow-up study, were randomized into an intervention or control procedure.
In contrast, retroviruses normally enter cells by receptor-mediated fusion at the cell surface (reviewed in [ 26]) or by a combination of both receptor and low-pH mediated events [ 27].
To examine a wider range of promoter and polymerase combinations, a promoter library was constructed in which positions -8 through -11 in the promoter were completely randomized; each of these nucleotides had previously been shown to be extremely important for the specificity of interactions with T7 RNA polymerase [ 6 7 9 11 ] . Conversely, residues Asn 748, Arg 756, and Gln 758 were known to form sequence specific contacts with this region of the promoter [ 2 ] . The promoter library was combined with the gene library in order to create approximately 51,200 (4 4× 20 3) combinations of promoters and polymerases.
In that case, upon seeing the results of the study, she would not believe that the whole range was equally likely, but instead would think the upper end of it was more likely because her new beliefs would be based on a combination of the study result and what she knew before.
The combination with the SWIRM domain, which is predicted to be a protein-protein interaction module, suggests that these enzymes may be part of a larger complex, like other chromatin-modifying enzymes.
It is likely that different K+ channel subunits within the same family would provide the potential to generate many K +-channel tetramer combinations.
Though preliminary, we have seen that Arp3 is still localized in the presence of latrunculin A and jasplakinolide, and that this localization is lost with BDM treatment unlike the combination of cytochalasin D and BDM (Yarrow unpublished results).
We designated this combination after our institution as 'MCW melanoma cocktail' [ 6 14 ] . Hypothetically, due to the immunoreactivity of the cocktail towards three epitopes of two antigens in the same tissue section, combined use of these immunomarkers should increase the sensitivity while still maintaining their individual high specificity.
Specifically, it has been run with combinations and permutations of adenovirus genomes, ca. 35 kb (NC_001405, NC_001406, NC_002067, NC_001454, NC_001460, NC_000942, NC_001813 and NC_002501, poxvirus genomes, ca. 250 kb NC_001559, NC_001266, NC_001266, NC_003027, NC_001132, NC_001731 and NC_002642), and other viruses of varying sizes: ca. 150 kb ( e.g., baculoviruses: Heliocoverpa armigera nucleopolyhedrovirus G4 , NC_002654 and Lymantria dispar nucleopolyhedrovirus NC_001973) and ca. 330 kb ( Paramecium bursaria Chlorella virus 1 , NC_000852).
Chapter 5 focuses on synergistic combinations of control retrofits on a single unit.
This finding is supported by the observation that activation of p21/Ras and MAPK ERK1/2 induced by TGFβ 1 is only reverted to the control level by the combination of the TGFβ-RII blocking antibody and the α V β 6 -blocking antibodies, or by inhibition of MEK1.
The vector c was used to select a linear combination of metabolic fluxes to include in the objective function [ 50].
Treatment of 5-Aza-2' deoxycytidine or n-butyrate alone or the combination of both activated gene expression in all the cell lines, whether or not promoter had detectable methylation (Fig.
However, it is also possible that thromboembolic events could have been underdiagnosed due to a low index of suspicion for thromboembolism in chronic dialysis patients, [ 24 25 26 ] because of the high number of deaths with an unknown cause, the low rate of autopsies in this population, or a combination of these factors.
Again in agreement with AChR observations, α-DG aggregate density is increased by LN1 but not agrin (Figure 4D) - however in this case it appears that this increase is prevented by agrin, while in the case of AChRs the combination follows the LN1 alone phenotype of increased aggregate density.
The images were captured using the LEICA DM RXA in combination with the Q-FISH software for microphotography.
The results covered the range of substrate uptake rates and defined the optimal metabolic pathway utilization of isogenic strains in silico under different combinations of environmental parameters.
Cynicism dissolves with your first taste of the town’s gentle ambience, created by a clever combination of the comforts of sophisticated modernity with the simpler joys of the wilderness at its back door.
Specifically, by defining mission improvement objectives, senior executives determine whether their organization needs a CIO who is a networking/marketing specialist, business change agent, operations specialist, policy/oversight manager, or any combination thereof.
These risks and costs may be minimized and profits enhanced by using a combination of short-cycle and longer-cycle production lines.
Other combinations included one each for zidovudine-zalcitabine, stavudine-saquinavir, stavidine-lamivudine, and indinavir-lamivudine.
To determine which cytokines initiate apoptosis in CLENDO cells we treated the cells for 48 h with TNFα, IFNγ, or the combination of the two.
Alternative approaches that do not directly optimize the ROC curve include linear logistic regression or linear discriminant analysis [ 17 ] , which choose regions based on linear combinations of the markers, and neural networks [ 18 ] , which choose regions in a very complicated nonlinear manner.
Agrin clearly increased the expression of α-DG as judged by label intensity (Figure 4A), while the effects of LN1 (alone or in combination) could not be assessed because it competed with the immunological probe used in labeling.
Another risk factor that never gets enough ink in the heroin-obsessed media is the danger of using heroin in combination with alcohol.
A number of in vitro model systems have thus been developed to study EC activation that employs either one or more combinations of ECM molecules including fibrin, fibronectin, collagens, laminins, and Matrigel ®matrices together with PMA and FGF [ 7 8 9 ] . When placed in a 3D type I collagen matrix and stimulated with PMA, VEGF, or bFGF, ECs undergo rapid morphological changes and differentiate into capillary-like tubular networks.
A number of studies [ 13, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26] have emphasized the importance of aetiology, which, together with GCS, represents a good combination for better prediction of mortality.
For example, both upstream stimulating factor (USF; an E-box binding factor) and SREBP bind the FA synthase (Fasn) E-box [ 38 ] . Hepatic Usf2 transcription was significantly down regulated with FISH, but not affected by FUNG or the combination diet using microarrays, but this result could not fully be confirmed using RT-PCR (1.
The majority of peripheral blood T cells from RA patients secreted IL-2 alone, whereas fewer cells secreted IFN-γ alone or in combination with IL-2.
It is possible to use a combination of monoclonal antibodies to MART-1, Melan-A, and Tyrosinase as a single cocktail reagent on one glass slide in contrast to three individual antibodies on three slides.
Given these findings, one can postulate that shifts toward slower MHC isoforms in diaphragmatic muscle fibers result primarily from some combination of the degree and chronicity of the work performed by the muscle.
This may have been in part caused by either a wage premium or technical inefficiencies or a combination of both.
The combination of localization of AQP proteins and using anatomically-based models, has the potential to allow function to be assigned to individual AQPs using mutants and transgenics in which expression of AQPs (singly or in combination) is reduced or eliminated.
Predictions must involve either acquiring or losing love, wealth, or life itself--ideally a combination of all three.
On the positive side: It's a compelling document "of a life marked by high seriousness, good conscience and an utter refusal to submit to evil and oppression" (Jonathan Groner, the Washington Post Book World ), and upon reading it you "become persuaded that something about his combination of seeming innocence and moral honesty has the power to move if not mountains then those who have the most power" (Christopher Lehmann-Haupt, the New York Times ). But complaints against the book are uniform: 1) This volume "feels anti-climactic" (Duane Davis, Denver Rocky Mountain News ) when compared with his first because it lacks the kind of compelling events that shaped his early life.
In the context of the work presented in this paper, this means that if a particular A-pocket mutation is functional for translational repression in combination with a lesion in half-site A, it must affect half site B where, from previous genetic and structural mapping, we know it interacts with A-10.
This example demonstrates that an effective way to preserve a low false-positive rate while maintaining high sensitivity is to use a combination of both qualitative and quantitative filters.
Several clinicians agree that a combination of tinnitus management strategies is more effective than one form of remediation used in isolation [ 16 27 31 32 ] . Even though a customized combination of recommendations is effective for many patients with chronic and bothersome tinnitus, the process can be very time consuming.
The combination of increased prices and the availability of more energy-efficient equipment and appliances are projected to reduce electricity demand by about 10%.
Whether additional cytokines produced by RA SCL also contributed to monocyte migration is currently not known, but the combination of the chemokine data and the mAb blocking results suggests that MCP-1 and IL-8 play a dominant role in monocyte migration measured by SCL.
Therefore, it is possible that the combination of inhibitory and stimulatory factors ultimately determines the permissiveness of the substrate.
We determined the ability of 17β-estradiol to protect against the synergistic neurotoxicity induced by the viral proteins alone or in combination with cocaine or methamphetamine.
In Eilat you should look for Eilat stone, an attractive combination of malachite and azurite.
Examples of the effects of agrin and LN1 alone or in combination using these protocols are shown in Figure 1. It is clear from visual inspection that either stimulus, or the stimuli together, increase the prominence of receptor aggregates (Figure 1Avs.
In this procedure, PCR is performed with the P1-anchor PCR product as template, using P1 in combination with an oligomer of 3' telomere repeats (see "Anchor" and "G 4 T 4 G 4 T 4 G 4 " marked in Fig.
There are also several other combinations that may be used, including combinations of ACI with spray dryer and FF and combinations of ACI with FGD.
That question is especially pertinent here in the United States, because the combination of a booming stock market at home and the privatization of state-owned enterprises abroad has meant a dramatic upsurge in the number of foreign companies whose shares are listed on U.S. exchanges.
8*), consistent with some of the lipid data described below; whereas the probe set for Elovl3 was not affected by FUNG, up regulated with FISH, and down regulated, although not significantly, with the combination diet (-1.
Despite these advantages, it should nevertheless be recognized that, like commercially available arrays, the final list of genes selected for this array is arbitrary in that they were selected on the basis of the somewhat restrictive combination of individual judgment and the limited availability of sequence-verified clones, and therefore may not reflect a priori the most versatile or optimal set of genes for such an array.
For each combination of parameters, 1000 data sets were simulated.
The combination of a 12.
The HFC is inherently a ratio metric of the maximum change in measured gene expression between any combination of experimental treatments.
HPV 16 alone or in combination with other HPV types was found in 55 (61.
Interestingly, this latter effect was dominant, in the sense that agrin/LN1 combinations also resulted in random distributions.
The exact receptor types (or combination of receptor types) responsible for clozapine's central effects on micturition were not investigated in the present study.
Initial reports of remarkably high prevalence of aortic and mitral regurgitation (AR and MR) as assessed by echocardiography in five separate populations [ 2 ] were subsequently supported by most [ 3 4 5 ] but not all investigators [ 6 ] . These uncontrolled reports were soon followed by a series of studies in which prevalence of echocardiographically-defined AR and MR were assessed in persons who had taken fenfluramine, dexfenfluramine, phentermine, or combinations of these medications and compared to unexposed, matched control populations [ 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 ] . The most recent of these studies found 30% of persons currently taking fenfluramine or dexfenfluramine had mild or greater AR or moderate or greater MR, similar to the very high prevalence reported in older studies [ 15 ] . The only prospective study found a significant, exposure-related increase in the risk of clinically diagnosed valve disease among users of fenfluramine and dexfenfluramine, but not phentermine [ 16 ] .
4*; FUNG and FISH were not statistically significant from one another, but each was significantly different with the combination diet).
In the wing all double mutant combinations of mwh and other fz pathway genes result in a mwh like phenotype [ 5 ] . For the lateral phenotype we found that mwh fz double mutants resembled mwh, as is the case in the wing (Table 1).
The region-specific genes listed in Figure 2reflect a combination of the two methods we used.
The numbers of gene models supported by all combinations of the classes of evidence is diagrammed in Figure 4. The 28 models (9%) supported only by EST evidence require further validation, because cDNA libraries can be contaminated with various artifacts, including sequences from unprocessed transcripts.
Improvement in overall mental health factor and reduction in anxiety and neuroticism in African American college students was previously shown after one year of TM practice [ 24 ] . These findings are encouraging and indicate a combination of anger management, conflict resolution skills testing and stress reduction may be particularly beneficial and need to be examined.
NMDA receptors are heteromeric ion channels composed of one NR1 subunit with combination of other NR2 subunits [ 4, 5, 6, 7].
These results imply that the differentiated state of maize tissues and organs is characterized by combinations of small numbers of differentially expressed (> 4-fold) tissue- or organ-specific genes among the 5,376 genes in this study.
Radiation alone was utilized in 35 patients and in combination with chemotherapy in 33 patients.
COX-1 and COX-2 antibodies (Santa Cruz Biotechnology Inc) were used in combination with standard ECL techniques.
To test systematically whether words were conserved more often in the same intergenic regions of the Saccharomyces genomes than expected by independent conservation, a chi-square test was performed on all possible pairwise combinations of words (see Materials and methods).
Whether this combination of facts and speculation is grounds for demonstrations of protest is a matter of taste.
Persian was the ultimate source of 67 and Arabic of 55 (the latter figure includes 16 words that entered Hindi via Persian and are combinations of Arabic and Persian elements).
In particular, we sought to determine how sensitive and specific each of the antibodies, alone and in combination, were for early RA.
We need to determine the sequence and combination of questions and tests that constitute the best screening process.
It seemed that obese people's only option was a combination of starvation and exercise, while skinny people got to feast and watch television.
Roswell's Liz (Siri Appleby) and Max (Jason Behr) are fine-tuned combinations of poise, awkwardness, and eloquence.
Knowing this can help workers understand that some combination of revenue increases and benefit reductions will be necessary to restore the program's long-term solvency.
In combination, Index (a)—Vitas of the Contributors to this volume—in which the editor lists information about the careers and research of the authors and their mailing addresses, and Index (e) form a helpful guide for onomasticians on the move who are looking for partners in discussions about items of mutual interest.
Several clinicians agree that a combination of tinnitus management strategies is more effective than one form of remediation used in isolation [ 16 27 31 32 ] . Even though a customized combination of recommendations is effective for many patients with chronic and bothersome tinnitus, the process can be very time consuming.
The database tables can be queried using the SQL language, which allows the dynamic combination of data from different tables [ 15].
French haute couture has been famous for achieving this combination for 140 years, solidly backed up by visibly inventive tailoring and visibly exquisite fabrics and craftsmanship.
Although neuropathic pain may respond well to opioids, adjuvant analgesics (tricyclic antidepressants, anticonvulsants, antiarrhythmics, etc) are often required in combination with opioids to achieve adequate relief.
Some combination of factors that we still don't fully understand--lower tariff barriers, improved telecommunications, cheaper air transport--reduced the disadvantages of producing in developing countries.
Creating an ROC curve from a combination of markers is different from creating an ROC curve from a single marker.
The ANT task is a combination of the cued reaction time [ 32 ] and the flanker task [ 33 ] . Its simple design permits use with adults, children, non-human primates, and patients with various abnormalities of attention.
Current models for NPC assembly are based on a combination of in vivo and in vitro studies.
The combination of npr1-2 with ndr1-1 in a double mutant prevented the avrRpt2 -elicited HR under the conditions used.
This model presumes that a datum at a given time point is a combination of a variable number of previous values and some stochastic process.
However, a combination of fold and significant difference was found to maximize the difference between control vs. control and control vs. experimental array comparisons.
Today Zihuatanejo and Ixtapa meld into a complementary combination that offers the best of both worlds: the quirky character of Zihuatanejo and the deluxe mega-development of Ixtapa.
Data were further analyzed by filtering with Microsoft Excel, thresholding many combinations of time points, and subsequently clustering (for example, the log 2 (T n /T 0 ) for wild-type time points 2 and 4 h must both be greater than 1.75, and all other 2- and 4-h time points must have a log(ratio) less than 1.8).
Some designs utilize invasive procedures, e.g., surgery, histopathology or angiography or a combination of tests to serve as a reference standard.
But doesn't the happy combination of low unemployment and low inflation show the payoff from hidden productivity growth?
This was the first case against American Home Products (AHP) for making fenfluramine, the dangerous half of the combination, which "cause[s] heart valve damage in some patients and lung problems in others."
Based on the effects of similar mutations in other kinases it was expected that the combination of these replacements in (K395A/3F)Syk might produce a dominant negative effect.
Memsahib `term of respect for a European lady,' for example, derives from English ma'am and Hindi sahib `sir, master,' a word borrowed by Hindi from Arabic; boxwallah `peddler' combines English box and Hindi wallah `person in charge of a particular thing'; chotapeg `half-sized drink' unites Hindi chota `little, small' and English peg (Anglo-Indian slang since at least 1864 for a drink, especially of brandy and soda water); and shroffage `commission charged for shroffing' combines shroff (an adaptation of Hindi saraf `banker, money-lender,' a word borrowed from Arabic) and the English suffix - age . Combinations of Hindi and Persian elements include:
Thus, the absence of candidates in M. hapla is likely to be due to a combination of the small number of unique ESTs analyzed (because of redundancy in the data), and possibly overall quality of the raw ESTs, rather than to a lack of laterally acquired genes in the genome.
Studies were included in our review if they addressed either one or a combination of the three agents as the main focus in the context of hypertension therapy and if they in some way addressed the outcomes of interest noted above.
A key that is 40 bits long, for example, has two raised to the 40 th power (2 40 ) possible combinations.
In combination with other factors and the policies of the Reorganization Act, these
Supervised shaving maximizes a weighted combination of column variance and an information measure J ( , y ):
POMC is cleaved post-translationally producing bioactive peptides (adrenocorticotrophin, β-endorphin and α-, β- and γ-melanocyte stimulating hormones) that interact with neurons expressing melanocortin receptors, leading to appetite suppression [ 91 ] . Feeding high fat diets is known to increase Pomc expression [ 92 ] . Herein, FUNG feeding resulted in a 6.0* fold increase in hippocampal Pomc, whereas FISH and the combination diet had smaller, non-statistically significant effects (6.
Hanukkah and Combination Skin
The term ligature is usually reserved for printer's conventions (that is, where combinations like fi, ffi, fl , and ffl are linked together to form a single character), whereas the digraph .
3. Combinations of sounds that ordinarily require movement from both lips and tongue are compromised so that all the work is done by only the lips or only the tongue.
Since the initial report by Connolly, et al [ 1 ] of valvulopathy in women taking the combination of fenfluramine and phentermine (fen-phen), controversy has surrounded the issue of associated risk.
If anything, the combination of currency devaluation and slower growth in Asia should help the U.S. equity market by continuing to keep inflation low and assuaging the Fed's concerns about an overheating economy (however dubious those concerns might be).
We used a combination of immunohistochemistry (IHC), LCM and real-time, quantitative PCR (qPCR) analysis of material obtained from a panel of primary breast infiltrating ductal carcinomas and nodal metastases, and compared the target gene expression levels with those found in nonmalignant diseased tissue and in samples of normal breast tissue.
The term "coal-fired" with regard to a unit means, except under subpart 1 of part B, subpart1 of part C, and sections 424 and 434, combusting coal or any coal-derived fuel alone or in combination with any amount of any other fuel in any year.
Affymetrix oligonucleotide arrays are created by a combination of DNA synthesis and photolithographic techniques, whereas cDNA arrays are constructed by spotting or printing PCR products or oligonucleotides onto glass slides [ 6, 7, 8, 9].
Although PKQuest uses only Kwair (water/air partition), Kfwat and klip[i] for the actual calculations, a variety of combinations of Kfwat, Kwair, Kbair (blood/air partition), Kbwat (blood/water partition), etc. can be entered.
Although such a combination increases the risks of overpayments occurring, the risks can be effectively mitigated if the sampling plan developed ensures that projected savings exceed estimated costs.
"Though it sets out to explain why this marriage is worth saving, [it] could prompt even single members of the audience to file for divorce" (Maslin, the New York Times ). Its main defect: Although the movie tries for the same combination of whimsy and insight Reiner captured in When Harry Met Sally ...
e) Any combination of the above.
I , II , and III . We also employed a combination of cytological and genetic approaches to reveal the nature of meiotic chromosome segregation defects for each chromosome in each of the three mutants.
Improved outlier detection may be attained with a combination of gene-expression and tissue phenotypic data.
He was born in 1899 on Manhattan's Lower East Side, into an Irish family facing problems you can still see every week on NYPD Blue . His father was a tragic combination of saloonkeeper and drunk who died relatively young during the Spanish flu epidemic of 1918.
Amprenavir (APV) is a potent protease inhibitor (PI) that is used in combination with other antiretroviral drugs for the treatment of antiretroviral-naïve and -experienced adults and children with HIV infection [ 1 2 3 4 5 ] . APV offers the convenience of twice-daily (BID) administration with no food or fluid restrictions [ 6 7 ] . Preclinical and clinical data suggest that APV has a lower potential to cause lipodystrophy and metabolic abnormalities than other currently available PIs [ 8 9 10 ] . APV has a distinct resistance profile that permits it to be considered as a treatment option for either PI-naïve or PI-experienced patients [ 11 ] . In a 64-week trial in treatment-naïve patients (NZTA4002; n = 302), APV 1200 mg, administered BID (APV1200) with one abacavir 300 mg tablet and one lamivudine 150 mg/zidovudine 300 mg combination tablet (Combivir ®), was as effective as nelfinavir 750 mg three times daily plus Combivir BID, with regard to the proportion of patients achieving HIV-1 RNA <40 copies/mL at week 64: 77% vs 66% (as-treated analysis) [ 12 ] . However, many patients in this trial withdrew prematurely because of adverse events that may have been, in part, related to the high pill burden (16 large 150 mg soft-gelatin capsules daily) associated with APV dosing and excipients contained in the APV formulation available at the time of the trial.
USAT puts it on page 12, thereby enabling it to get on instead with Day Two of Michael Jordan is God and God is Dead, with not just a combination lead and "cover story" but also an 8-page "pullout keepsake" and two other stories inside.
A special combination ticket is available for both Himeji Castle and nearby Koko-en, a superb landscaped garden built in 1992 by a Kyoto-based master gardener on the site of a former samurai residence.
The number of possible secondary structure models is significantly larger than the number of possible helices, due to the exponential increase in the number of different combinations of these helices.
Plots of all single dye intensity combinations were fit well by unit slope lines through the origin (e.g.
The most plausible interpretation of this pattern is that some of these repair functions were initially lost as the result of large deletions, sometimes occurring in combination with chromosomal rearrangements.
To maintain the low false-positive rate obtained with the combination of qualitative and quantitative criteria (approximately 0.6%) using only the quantitative fold change and average difference change criteria, the thresholds would have to be set very high (for example, fold change greater than ten and average difference change greater than 200).
We characterized genomic structure using a combination of existing genomic sequence and direct sequencing from BAC clone template.
Recently, we supplemented the well-known SSH #(suppression subtractive hybridization) technology [ 7 8 ] with the Mirror Orientation Selection method (MOS) for eliminating background clones from SSH-generated libraries [ 9 ] . This innovative procedure allowed the application of these techniques in the subtraction of large eukaryotic genomes, including those of freshwater planarian (haploid genome size of G. tigrina is 1.4 × 10 9bp [ 10 ] ). Using the SSH-MOS combination, genomes of two different strains of G. tigrina were compared.
Gradualism has the advantage of allowing for a combination of new spending and tax cuts near-term and shoring up Social Security in the long haul.
Because combination of SCR and FGD are expected to have high mercury removal due to the SCR and FGD systems, those facilities that are so equipped are not expected to add ACI systems.
Many of the discordant ratios in the R-PCR dataset likely result from a combination of the non-random fragmentation in the Alu I / Rsa I experiment and the ineffectiveness of R-PCR in amplifying low molecular weight species.
PLCγ2-deficient cells also failed to activate JNK in response to anti-μ treatment or a combination of anti-μ and 4-HT (Fig 5B, lanes 3-4), whereas parental cells did activate JNK following these treatments (Fig 5B, lanes 8-9).
Weld's combination of positions on issues plays to the great weakness in today's liberalism: its obsession with social issues and relative indifference to economics.
A total of 10 stable renal transplant recipients were selected to participate in a pharmacokinetic (PK) and immune function study with combination of TAC and SRL therapy in human transplant.
In both cities, bednets and coils in combination were reported more often than other combinations of mosquito-avoidance activity.
Over the past year an unusual combination of oversaturation and fatigue with high prices has weighed down the Beanie Baby market (and no, I can't believe I'm actually writing this sentence).
There is evidence that the H-box motif is involved in developmental regulation of flowering, but there is no report of its involvement in stress/defense responses [ 88 89 ] . However, a combination of the H-box motif and the G-box motif has been shown to be important for binding of bZIP transcription factors to rapidly induce defense-related genes [ 47 90 91 ] . The significant over-representation of these two motifs together in the promoter sequences of the stress cDNA collection suggests that combinatorial interactions between these two cis -elements may also be important in the regulation of stress-responsive genes.
Everything except this memorable portion of the word is then dropped, and a new morpheme is substituted in an innovation; once the innovation is generally known, it suggests a pattern for further combinations with the neomorpheme, whose meaning generalizes upon the model's salient contemporary import.
The pachuco speech, a combination of English and Spanish, also called caló, was a fascinating fusion drawing from many linguistic sources.
Further work should incorporate more complicated sequence models, as well as optimization methods that restrict the search space of sequence combinations.
The combination of figurative and intricate geometric designs was a collaborative effort of Syrian Muslim craftsmen with Byzantine Christians.
The flexible ligand was docked into a combination of five potential map representations of the RAR-α ligand binding pocket, which account for two Van der Waals boundaries, hydrophobicity, electrostatics and hydrogen bonding profiles [ 20, 27].
Amsterdammers have christened this combination of town hall and theater the “stopera” (staduis+opera).
After recent years of fiscal discipline and focus on fiscal responsibility, the anticipated surpluses offer a chance to meet pent-up demand for discretionary domestic spending, increase defense spending, cut taxes, shore up Social Security and Medicare, reduce the debt, or do some combination of these.
In contemporary Spain, the province of Alicante continues to have a major festival known as Las Fiestas de Moros y Cristianos that is a combination of religious and secular processions, with up to 5,000 lavishly costumed participants.
Gaps in the contigs were closed by a combination of DNA sequence alignments of BESs with HTGS data, clone walking using RNA probes from end clones to hybridize to the RPCI-11 gridded filters, and verification of clone positions by PCR for STSs.
For protein-protein interactions, we find that 6 out of 39 protein folds in the yeast genome make up half of the 89 known combinations of interdomain interactions, and for gene-expression levels in yeast, proteins from just 12 out of a total 145 folds comprise half of all the transcripts in the cell at any given state.
Once again, this requires a combination of practices; by using advanced forecasting methods and innovative production techniques, apparel-makers may be able to respond in very short periods of time to point-of-sale information regarding sale of products with higher fashion content.
With the combination of higher prices and improved efficiency, total expenditures for electricity consumption in 2015 are projected to increase by about 17% to 39% depending on the scenario.
Table 5also shows that even though some of the individual functions perform well, the combination of all the functions applied in a hierarchical manner performs the best.
Most blamed the combination of low starting salaries and high law school loans for discouraging law students from public service jobs.
32 The various combinations will be discussed further in Section 4.2.
Calcium has a valence of 2, so it can substitute in many a molecule for two atoms of potassium, sodium, or hydrogen, or some combination of them; its name derives from Latin calx , which means both lime—the substance, not the fruit—and heelbone.
First, we intend to increase the number of genes represented in this set of fully vetted cDNA clones using a combination of experimental approaches.
At best, experience with different combinations of waist sizes and leg lengths for a given design allows a scheduler to aggregate the units to be made into groups of large and small sizes, which means marker-makers can achieve efficiencies near 90 percent for casual pants.
According to the Medicare Trustees' 2001 intermediate assumption, restoring the HI program's actuarial balance over the next 75 years would require a combination of reform options equal to 1.97 percent of taxable payroll.
The longitudinal combination of cross-sectional estimates, which also appears in earlier versions of PSE [ 7 8 9 ] , is similar to G-computation [ 10 ] and the method of Flanders and Longini [ 11 ] .
In contrast, we have reported that cat's claw prevents the significant enteropathy associated with sustained use of indomethacin, a non-selective COX inhibitor [ 23 ] , and this combination could alleviate the gastrointestinal damage without the high costs of COX2 inhibitors.
"[I]t would be pornographic, if it weren't art" (Walter Kendrick, the New York Times Book Review ). Others find that the novel's format--a combination of letters and rambling diatribes--makes the story repetitious and tedious.
The compound dose reductions were calculated based on the IC 50 value for CAP and sCD4 used alone or in combination [ 27 ] .
Each data set was defined using combinations of the following six parameters, modeled in part after the study of Bickel [ 13 ] but with slightly larger variance (standard deviation parameter = 2) to more closely approximate real biological data sets [ 7 9 ] , additional levels, distributions, and locations of contamination, and other features: (1) Type of original distribution: normal (mode = 6), lognormal (mode = 1, median = 2.72), and coarse (mode = 6.25) distributions (Figure 2a).
The Celera and HGC reports rely on a combination of computational gene prediction and transcriptional evidence to identify genes, in a manner that may be highly conservative.
Because the combination of sub-lethal radiation and TCR splenocyte transfer lead to significant reduction in tumor burden in both intervention and regression trials, we asked whether the radiation had increased the number of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes.
The high-risk genotype combinations are AaBB , Aabb , AABb ,and aaBb with disease penetrance of 0.1 for all four.
The alternative hypothesis - that gene duplications are fixed in a population by positive selection in all organisms - is supported by a combination of evidence of adaptive duplications from many types of living organisms: prokaryotes [ 31, 33, 45, 46, 48, 50, 55, 56], protists [ 35, 58, 59], plants [ 39, 44], fungi [ 43, 49], invertebrates [ 40, 41, 51, 52, 53], non-mammalian vertebrates [ 54], as well as mammalian somatic tissues [ 34, 36, 37, 38].
A combination of these two agents did not raise the viability above 15d-PGJ 2 alone (Fig.
Cells were exposed to combinations of 1 μM retinoic acid, 1 μM retinal, and various concentrations of DPAB and DEAB prepared in sterile dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) or ethanol.
Underlying Sara Lee CEO John Bryan's avid embrace of what he called "de-verticalization" was a confused combination of reasonable assumptions, misplaced analogies, and an overwhelming desire to cater to Wall Street's desires--all packaged with the obligatory rhetorical appeal to the demands of the market.
Once the entire graph is constructed, all the maximal sets of completely connected nodes (cliques) are found using a clique-finding algorithm [ 34 ] . The cliques with the best total weights represent the optimal combinations of mixing and matching among the various possibilities, taking the respective environments into account [ 35 ] . The clique-finding approach for generating conformations is fast, since it pre-calculates all the scores.
However, experimental and clinical studies have refuted this assumption, and have successfully demonstrated the efficacy of this combination therapy [ 8 9 10 ] .
In a more recent action, initiated by Merriam in 1981, the Court of Appeals again affirmed the right of other publishers to use Webster in dictionary titles and enjoined the defendants from using any variation or combination of the words world-famous, authentic, original, genuine , or renowned to suggest a connection between their product and the Merriam-Webster line of dictionaries (Merriam v.
Multiple alignments of amino acid sequences were generated using a combination of PSI-BLAST, CLUSTALW [ 24] and secondary structure predictions that were produced using the PHD program [ 25] and the PSI-PRED program [ 26], with multiple alignments of individual protein families used as queries.
TN and FN, especially in combination, promote migration, therefore cCAF may facilitate fibroblast migration by increasing TN and FN levels.
The conserved runs of genes usually correspond to operons in E. coli, and combinations of two or even three operons are common.
The total study sample consisted of 4,565 patients, among whom 30% used no drug therapy, 31% used insulin therapy alone or in combination with oral agents, and 39% were taking only oral sulfonylureas.
The complex changes in lung function, morphology, and gene expression caused by compounds in cigarette smoke involve a combination of direct and indirect effects on cells, but principally center around an increase in airway inflammation as a result of cigarette smoking.
Indeed, Omnigraphics, a company in Detroit, has published a fat book, Phonames, that lists all the possible four-letter combinations in numerical order and, for those who might persuade their local telephone company to change their number to coincide with a desired word or command, alphabetically as well.
These modules are a combination of static HTML, VBScript and JScript that produce HTML on the fly (DHTML) and use ADO commands and Recordsets.
His assimilation, like that of many Czechoslovakian Jews between the wars, seems to have been motivated by a combination of fear, ambition, and patriotism.
This indicates that there are no dominant HCDR3 lengths that skew the Gaussian distribution, and therefore that there are no significant clonal expansions among the B cells that express most of these V H -C H combinations.
There we see his imagination working with mobile combinations of expanded and unearthly human creatures, covered with color and pattern and accompanied by music, not so very far from the desired effect in much of real life right now.
The cases in question both occur in Micronesia: a concentration of congenital achromatopsia on Pingelap, one of the Caroline Islands; and the occurrence among a stratum of the population of Guam of a disease called lytico-bodig, which can take forms resembling Parkinson's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ("Lou Gehrig's disease"), or Alzheimer's disease--or two or all three in combination.
The Madonna/Evita/Dior combination may generate only token changes in fashion, with small details making the period allusions (hairstyles and makeup, hats and gloves, collars and cuffs) on top of the present basic shapes.
Combinations of the 3 symptoms for which WTP estimates are available that closely match those listed by Pope, et al.
apoe gene, who are asymptomatic, but at risk for Alzheimer's disease have been shown to have a specific deficit in orienting of attention that is in the same direction as the Alzheimer's patients [ 28 ] . Other studies using endophenotypic measures of attention have linked variation in the chrna7 gene with sensorimotor gating performance [ 29 ] and variation in the drd4 gene with attention deficits [ 30 ] . However, the tasks used in these studies have not generally involved either the orienting network alone, or the task involves an undefined combination of different networks.
Combinations of the 4 symptoms for which WTP estimates are available that closely match those listed by Schwartz, et al.
The patterns exhibited by one or more feature vectors, singly or in combination, may correspond to biological processes.
4. Repeat steps 2-3 5,000 times for each combination of p 1 and p 2 . Estimate statistical power as the percentage of simulations in which the null hypothesis was rejected.
Five patients received both zidovudine and lamivudine (a combination later called Combivir TM).
The National Library of Medicine's computerized bibliographic database (Medline 1966 to December 1999) was searched using a combination of the following keywords: thalassemia, serum ferritin, urinary iron excretion, hepatic iron, liver, chelation therapy, iron chelation, iron chelating agents, desferal, desferrioxamine, deferoxamine, L1 oral chelate, deferiprone and 1,2-dimethyl-3-hydroxypyrid-4-one.
It may be due to a combination of inflation and inpatient healthcare practice changes or healthcare reimbursement regulation changes.
The real drama unfolds in the Bronx, a setting for several of the murders, where the combination of heat, terror of the .44-caliber killer, and a piggishly macho culture create a breeding ground for lynch-mob hysteria.
Nowadays the unh or ungh combination tends to convey exertion or being stifled.
Of the six cell lines with RARB gene methylated, three (HT-3, MS751, and ME-180) exhibited reactivation upon treatment with 5-Aza-2' deoxycytidine or n-butyrate alone or the combination of the two.
It might also be useful to make training sets consisting of subsets of promoters that share combinations of motifs and use a collection of McPromoter variants each trained on a different class of core promoter.
..always in the combination bungee cord . ...
Table 2shows the distribution of nodes at different levels of the neck in varying combination.
As mentioned before, the N-encapsidated genome-length RNAs are indeed extremely resistant to nucleases, to the extent that formation of such nuclease-resistant RNA products is in fact considered a defining criterion for viral replication in vitro and in vivo [ 32 ] . While the resistance of the viral genomic RNA to dsRNA has important ramifications for antiviral therapy, it is also clear that the dsRNA approach cannot be used against cis -acting NNR viral genomic sequences such as the intergenic regions, for which the cDNA-based approach will continue to be the method of choice [ 16 ] . It is obvious that a creative combination of the two techniques will lead to exciting possibilities in the reverse genetics of RNA viruses and in the antiviral regimen.
There is something in Bill Clinton--some odd combination of naivete and conceit--that makes him liable to such mistakes.
In addition, after nearly 30 years of budget deficits, the combination of hard choices and remarkable economic growth has led to budget surpluses.
West et al . [ 5] proposed a Bayesian binary regression approach using the singular value decomposition to first reduce the dimension of the variable space ( p ) to the number of samples ( n ). They called the resulting linear combination of the expression levels of all the genes the expression of the 'supergenes'.
Three S. cerevisiae expression datasets were examined individually, including the "Compendium" set, composed of expression profiles in response to 300 diverse mutations and chemical treatments [ 5 ] ; the "MAPK" set, composed of 56 conditions chosen to probe the behavior of MAPK signal transduction [ 6 ] ; and the "Cell Cycle" set, composed of 77 conditions relevant to the cell cycle [ 7 ] . Combinations of these datasets were also examined, for a total of five different sets that allowed us to compare the utility of data that probes specific biological processes, such as MAPK signaling or the cell cycle, and that which probes the state of the cell more broadly, such as the Compendium set and the combined sets.
Some find it squarely in the tradition of "the nineteenth-century novel of adultery" (James Wood, the New Republic ). Others call it a combination of "low-grade erotica," "bedroom farce," "detective pulp," and "courtroom drama" (L.S.
The second deal, the $30 billion combination of Banc One Corp. with First Chicago NBD Corp., would create the country's fifth-largest bank, which would dominate the Midwest.
We approached the problem of gene identification by using a combination of experimental and in silico techniques.
This fourth element represents a combination of variability (i.e.
Any combination of such steps may significantly alter the molecular subset of the sample that can be successfully analyzed.
In the low GC Gram-positive bacteria and Desulfovibrio desulfuricans they occur in combination with the methyl accepting chemotaxis receptor proteins, with or without the HAMP domain [ 29 30 ] . Additionally, in Magnetococcus , a HNOB domain is fused, at its C-terminus, to an uncharacterized conserved globular domain (Fig.
Simon's score, a combination of salsa and '50s doo-wop, is singled out for praise.
Data sets were processed as follows for the clustering analysis: unchanged (raw data), log 10 transformation, standardization to N(0,1), and a combination of both log 10 transformation and standardization to N(0,1).
Combination of SCR and FGD will also result in significant reduction of mercury emissions, thereby mitigating the need for the addition of ACI.
Macau’s own cuisine is a combination of Chinese flavors with the flavors imported from Portugal, Brazil, and Africa.
On the wing single and double mutant combinations of in and fy result in a similar phenotype [ 5 ] . This lack of additivity has been interpreted as evidence that these genes function and are required in a common process.
This is conceptualized in the "multifactorial control" hypothesis [ 9 ] in which a combination of chemicals, including phytohormones, assimilates and minerals interact with genetic components in the process of floral initiation.
Many-to-many associations between genes and transcripts could be the result of any combination of many-to-one and one-to-many associations
Current clinical guidelines [ 5 ] call for persons infected with HIV to take a combination of antiretroviral medications to decrease viral load, maintain immune cell function, and prevent the development of resistant viral strains.
Any combination of classification and coverage level can be specified.
Future secondary prevention studies should look at patients with stable or unstable disease and will need to address the comparative efficacy of different statins (or newer agents), assess the incremental benefit of combination therapy [ 30 ] and determine whether there is a serum cholesterol 'floor' below which reductions are unlikely to provide further clinical benefit.
. Even educated speakers nowadays often use I in combinations where me is prescribed.
Journalist Christopher Dickey's combination memoir and biography of his poet and novelist ( Deliverance ) father, James Dickey, is praised as a "loving, ruthless portrait" (Lance Morrow, Time ). Although he cleaned up his act a couple of years before dying, Dickey Sr. spent much of his life boozing, telling self-aggrandizing tall tales, and openly cheating on his wife.
But the preferred American convention of writing as two words an adverb-adjective combination when the adverb ends in - ly is also violated: British practice calls for widely-spread, closelyrelated (which appear under Athapaskan ), while standard practice in the US would write these as two words, hyphenating only modifying adverbs not ending in - ly : well-known, well-thought-of, easygoing . (These rules change if the combination appears in predicative position.)
The combination of the two mutations was thus sufficient to abolish most of the SAR response.
A combination of Mexican and prison cultural values dictates the behavior of pintos inside prison and out on the street.
These have been accomplished through the generosity of individuals like yourself in combination with some campus and school allocations.
Amprenavir (APV) is a potent protease inhibitor (PI) that is used in combination with other antiretroviral drugs for the treatment of antiretroviral-naïve and -experienced adults and children with HIV infection [ 1 2 3 4 5 ] . APV offers the convenience of twice-daily (BID) administration with no food or fluid restrictions [ 6 7 ] . Preclinical and clinical data suggest that APV has a lower potential to cause lipodystrophy and metabolic abnormalities than other currently available PIs [ 8 9 10 ] . APV has a distinct resistance profile that permits it to be considered as a treatment option for either PI-naïve or PI-experienced patients [ 11 ] . In a 64-week trial in treatment-naïve patients (NZTA4002; n = 302), APV 1200 mg, administered BID (APV1200) with one abacavir 300 mg tablet and one lamivudine 150 mg/zidovudine 300 mg combination tablet (Combivir ®), was as effective as nelfinavir 750 mg three times daily plus Combivir BID, with regard to the proportion of patients achieving HIV-1 RNA <40 copies/mL at week 64: 77% vs 66% (as-treated analysis) [ 12 ] . However, many patients in this trial withdrew prematurely because of adverse events that may have been, in part, related to the high pill burden (16 large 150 mg soft-gelatin capsules daily) associated with APV dosing and excipients contained in the APV formulation available at the time of the trial.
Tamoxifen, alone or in combination with retinoids, decreased tumor incidence by more than 70% by the end of the study, whereas 9cRA alone decreased it by 50%.
The action revolves around six characters (two couples and two singles) who betray and manipulate each other in various combinations in a biting, misanthropic sexual satire.
In contrast, when we used a combination of mouse (MGI) and rat (RGD) association files, there were reasonable numbers of hits.
WEAPONS SYSTEMS - A combination of one or more weapons with all related equipment, materials, services, personnel and means of delivery and deployment required for self-sufficiency.
Chapter 5 Synergies of Combinations of Control Retrofits on a Single Unit.
Couple that with the constant peddling of narcotics to our children and you have a deadly combination that we must do everything we can to stop.
The combination of the web and twelve-step meetings horrifies and intrigues me.
On the basis of linear regression analysis, mortalities predicted by all four systems correlated with each other ( P < 0.001 for all combinations).
The combination of several identical inhibition experiments produced a K i value of 0.2 ± 0.03 nM for lerisetron inhibition of the 5-HT induced response.

Willis has become a master of doing nothing, of finding just the right (and most noncommittal) combination of facetiousness and sincerity.
The conditions on Mars might actually be even more conducive than those on Earth for long-term survival of such living entities because of the unique combination of cold, dehydration, lack of oxygen, and protection from direct UV exposure.
Candidates were screened with a combination of PCR analysis, restriction digestion, and DNA sequencing to identify those with successful allele replacement.
Note that for each combination of mutant and wild type the lines are parallel, which suggests that the bmr mutations affect the time to flowering, but not the rate of flowering.
However, for outcrossing populations, such as forest trees, in which inbred lines are not available, genes also display population genetic properties [ 3 ] . Hence, the foundation for gene detection in these populations should be established on a combination of quantitative genetics and population genetics.
Equally impressive augmentation of NK activity was seen even at lower concentrations of IL-2 and IL-12 in combination.
A combination of Russian troops and loyalist Chechens started to take the Chechen capital piece by piece.
Two splice variants of an A subunit (long and short forms), and a single B subunit have been cloned [ 10 11 12 13 ] . Both the long and short forms of the A subunit are capable of forming functional homomeric receptors [5-HT 3AL R and 5-HT 3AS R] although some differences between an agonist and partial agonist activity have been observed [ 14 ] . A third subtype is formed by a combination of the A and B subunits to produce a heteromeric receptor of unknown stoichiometry [ 10 ] . Heteromeric receptors are pharmacologically and functionally distinct from the homomeric 5-HT 3AL and 5-HT 3AS receptors [ 11 ] .
It is for practical reasons not possible to do this minimization over every combination, so the suggestion is to estimate the criterion over a lattice of (α, S 0 ) values and pick the best combination.
An Nde I- Bam HI fragment of a cDNA clone with wild-type rec12 +sequence (see above) was sub-cloned into the pREP42 vector to generate pREP42- rec12 + cDNA . The integrity of all clones was determined by a combination of restriction mapping, PCR, and DNA sequencing.
Combination of decreased expression of cyclin and increased p21 mRNA expression correlates with the decreased lymphocyte proliferation.
The remaining 20 parameter combinations showed 10 as having no difference in statistical power, while the remaining 10 favored the intersection test.
The ANOVA/template-match combination ameliorates this problem as one can choose to be guided primarily by the ANOVA p -value (which is not pattern specific) while using the template to reduce the complexity of the analysis by partitioning the data into groups based on interesting patterns.
Promising marker combinations are identified in the training sample, but more reliable FPR and TPR measurements are made in the test sample because it involves different data.
The next time that set of differentia is encountered, it serves to identify the problem in much the same way that a physician, encountering a combination of chest rash, high fever, Koplik's spots, diagnoses (for which read `names') an affliction as measles.
Bridging PCR (BPCR) is a combination of two processes, a recombination between two template sequences and an amplification of the recombinant template.
Norman Schwarzkopf's "uncompromisingly soldierly manner," Clark appears "to have fallen under the spell of the State Department, which believes that a combination of diplomatic formulae and the indirect application of military force can achieve desired foreign policy results," Keegan wrote.
Pepsin and proteinase K were tested with all four non-protease unmasking steps and protease VIII was only tested in combination with sodium citrate unmasking.
Thus, differences in either fracture toughness or flaw sizes/densities, or a combination of the two, would explain why the Procera copings had higher fracture tendency.
Collectively, they have established that the expression of cyclin A and cyclin D, in combination with the activity of the cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors p21 Cip1and p27 Kip1, is a crucial determinant of anchorage-dependent cell growth culture [ 27 28 29 30 31 32 ] . However, while the above elements clearly are essential executioners of cell cycle progression, it is conceivable that other elements, directly or indirectly, might be involved in anchorage-dependent growth control as well.
While the underlying mechanisms remain unknown, it is evident that a combination of sub-lethal radiation and the transfer of tumor-specific CD4 +lymphocytes can have a synergistic effect on tumor regression.
Jerusalem is an ever-changing combination of the earthly and the spiritual.
The combination of increased prices and the availability of more energy-efficient equipment and appliances are projected to reduce electricity demand by about 10% compared to the reference case.
(Click to hear Boggs' menacing combination of blues and high-lonesome mountain styling.)
Put another way, population heterozygote advantage may appear due to a combination of the two distinct mechanisms we defined in the Introduction: the protective or detrimental effects of particular alleles (R and S alleles in our model), and the effects of heterozygosity itself.
I feel this can be done within the current LSC restrictions but it requires entirely new approaches and combinations of services.
Note that you can buy a discounted combination ticket covering both the plantation and Mayflower II.
Thus, a combination of other biochemical fractionation techniques (e.g.
No other region of Japan offers the same combination of urban intensity, rural tranquillity, and dramatic cultural treasures — and all in such close proximity.
None of the chemopreventive agents used, alone or in combination, were found to affect expression of any of the TGF-β isoforms or the LTBP in either ductal epithelium or periductal stroma after 6 weeks of chemopreventive intervention (Fig.
While some of the combinations do not necessarily enhance the simple approach of using only 3-residue fragments with a straight-forward monte carlo procedure, the combination of using fragments and the 14-state model for making moves, with MC and GA search techniques for the sampling, shows a significant improvement, which we hope to demonstrate at CASP5 by further extending the preliminary studies described here.
For each combination of treatments, a 3-letter alphanumeric code was assigned (Table 1).
In law, a trademark is a name, logotype, design, or any combination thereof adopted and used by a manufacturer to identify its goods and distinguish them from articles sold by others.
A generalized theoretical model for determination of biological effective dose has been developed and reported extensively [ 6 7 8 ] . Recently, our group has applied this model for use with any combination of short-lived interstitial brachytherapy and external beam radiotherapy for prostate cancer (unpublished/submitted data, 2003).
As noted in section 2, the combination of these policy actions and strong economic growth reduced federal government dissaving over the 1990s (see figure 4.1).
Vanadyl has been used to estimate the types of groups that serve as metal-ligands in F 1 -ATPase and other enzymes [ 16 18 19 21 ] because the g and A tensors of the 51V hyperfine couplings are approximately a linear combination of tensors from each type of group that contributes an equatorial ligand [ 24 27 ] . By studying the EPR spectra of bound VO 2+in the presence of different nucleotides, we show that the interaction of soluble CD39 with ATP is different from that with ADP.
Using the combination of a less conservative cutoff and trinary output shows that such loci are not very likely to be highly conserved.
These haplotype results should be viewed with some caution, since they are uncorrected for the multiple allele combinations tested, and the possibility of Type I errors may be increased.
