Their one common goal: they all want to work.
Like Michael, they share two common characteristics.
But autonomous agents, we who do daily manipulate the world on our own behalf, we to whom "intentionality" and "purpose" are so inevitably attributed by our common languages, we are, by my definition of autonomous agents, also nothing but physical systems with a peculiar organization of processes and properties.
I too know the risks, including the common claim that we can always in principle translate from "intentional talk" to the fully predictive causal account of the events in question.
An addition to the whole style common to Chicanos was a particular haircut, long with a ducktail and a wide-brimmed hat.
Jesus was put on trial quickly and condemned to crucifixion, a Roman form of execution for political and religious dissidents as well as for common criminals.
Two of the more common examples of British-American divergence of usage are screw and knock up .
My theory is that the “r” got put in there simply because muskrat is a more common word than muscat . It is the same reason most of us, I assume, have heard, “He's in the hospital with prostrate trouble.”
Prostrate is a more common word that prostate , so prostrate is what we get.
Linguists examining Classical Greek, Latin, German, English, Slavic, Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, Dutch, Lithuanian, Iranian, Hindi, and the other languages of India and Europe found that there were correspondences among many of the common words.
Some, like French, Spanish, Italian, and Portuguese, had more in common with one another than they did with, say, German, English, Swedish, Danish, and Dutch, which, in turn, bore only a remote resemblance to Russian and Polish, on the one hand, and the two extant varieties of, say, Gaelic, on the other.
Anybody who asks “Why a brass monkey?” is probably not aware that brass monkeys were very common household ornaments in England in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
Here is a commonsense style book, useful to those who have the education and common sense to be in doubt about questions of English usage.
The effect size is the difference in mean YOL (or YHL) in two groups divided by their common standard deviation.
For example, underweight women averaged 4.50 YHL compared to 4.92 for normal women, and the common standard deviation was 1.44.
For these SS patients studied, abnormal LFTs were more common than any other potential non-exocrine features of SS.
In this group of Sjögren's patients seen at a tertiary care center, abnormal liver function tests were found to be a common non-exocrine feature of 1°SS.
This is a common technique, but because conservative readers are not familiar with the basics of filmmaking, they believe critics who claim that he is "distorting" the interview.
Common behaviors will include a forward cruise and turning mechanism, procedures to determine the orientation towards nest and the distance from the nest when outside, in-nest navigation, an escape function for when objects are detected or bumped into, object identification and gripping, a generic algorithm for pheromone plume and chemical trail following, and the identification of other ants.
The final common subroutine will be one for the identification of other ants.
Using these basic common behaviors, more complex behaviors may be coded.
The oral nature of jurisprudence directly conflicts with the desire of the Colombian government to codify law, and questions of human rights violations are common as punishments are often corporal in nature (Gow and Rappaport 2002: 57-58).
Stories like Astro’s are all too common.
In a world where cruelty is common, animals like Sammy and Astro desperately need friends like you.
While we know from his writings that he often composed with a tonal centers and relationships in mind, and that he regularly applied tonal structures and forms to his compositions, by merely glancing at any one of his pieces we can see that tonality as it is understood in the common practice period is not at work.
Both benzodiazepine and non-benzodiazepine drugs have been shown to be effective in the first case; for the latter, the most common solution is to consume more coffee [PDF].
Therefore, the change from one type of channel pattern to another may be relatively common, as the nature of the sediment moved through the system changes and this may be the effect of tributary sediment contributions, or upstream degradation or aggradation or tectonics.
As a result a shift from ‘bounded’ careers – prescribed by relatively stable organisational and occupational structures – to ‘boundaryless’ careers – where uncertainty and flexibility are the order of the day – is increasingly common.
Despite fierce inter-firm competition, open information exchange is common practice among the region’s producers.
In this respect careers in the Silicon Valley and the film industry have much in common, with organising in film-making resembling a ‘project-based’ Valley.
The simple exchange of commitment to do one’s best in return for learning opportunities may be a common one in contemporary employment, and one that inspires many workers to seek new employment pastures when their learning slows down (Arthur, Inkson & Pringle, 1999).
By the mid 1900s, psychotherapy became the most common “cure,” and many homosexuals spent countless hours being analyzed in hopes of changing their sexual preference (Dudley 125).
It stated, rather that homosexuality was merely a difference in the opinion and values of the common person, but must still be respected as an individual orientation, and thus treated as one (Resolution on Appropriate Therapeutic Responses to Sexual Orientation).
Q: What is the most common pregnancy craving?
The Facts Of Life * The 2 most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
, of course, the original statute was replacing a bunch of State statutes or State rules, partly common law, partly statutory, that -- they had kind of a mixed up legal situation, and there was an interest in having one uniform rule for the first time around. Well
, there was an interest in having a uniform rule, and that's precisely why the Framers created the Copyright Clause in the Constitution, but there was copyright protection in some States, there wasn't copyright protection in other States, and what we know from the decision of this Court in the Wheaton decision is that there was not a common law copyright in existence. Thi
other thing, as this Court has said, there is no implied abrogation of common law rights which would be a doctrine which would be inconsistent with what the petitioner is arguing. Now
Can we agree on some common network services/model for character set handling?
Can we use UCS as a common denominator for that?
Do we need to differentiate or specify how tagged data (i.e the field typ e in a data base)and how "serialized byte order" data are treated in a communication protocol or will some common specification for the tag and the type be sufficient?
Networking has had for long the problem of a common representation of computer-specific data (numbers, bit strings...
The _most_important_point_ is that a single common representation code be defined _for_the_line_ (suiting the purpose, namely to cover all national languages in one single way) and that people be instructed that every bit of text should travel in that code on the wire, whatever_the_protocol_is.
Meaning that common tools be available to translate present local code).
This doesn't require any special markup, although the ability to give the same name to common subexpressions will depend on the ability to recognize that these subexpressions are in fact semantically identical.
In addition to distracting sexuality, the irregular characterization of Madame White Snake might be another trait her character has in common with the archetypical noir femme fatale.
"Yeah, I do," said Johnson, who has a full head of gray hair in common with the comedian-turned-playwright.
With so much regional tension, it became very hard for workers to unite under a common cause, even one that would save their jobs and their futures.
It was not located near the main entrance, as was common practice, but on an upper floor, above the book stacks.
The focus of the main floor is a glass-roofed conservatory, a common nineteenth-century feature.
Hotels without WiFi are all too disturbingly common.
Pedicabs were once the most common form of transportation in Macau, but today they are mainly a tourist attraction.
Italian chemical giant Montedison S.p. A., through its Montedison Acquisition N.V. indirect unit, began its $37-a-share tender offer for all the common shares outstanding of Erbamont N.V., a maker of pharmaceuticals incorporated in the Netherlands
Montedison currently owns about 72% of Erbamont's common shares outstanding.
Under the offer, shareholders will receive one right for each 105 common shares owned.
Each right entitles the shareholder to buy $100 face amount of 13.5% bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share.
Intelogic Trace Inc., San Antonio, Texas, said it bought 2.7 million shares, or about 18%, of its common stock from an unaffiliated shareholder for $3.625 a share, or $9.9 million.
Dow Jones & Co. said it extended its $18-a-share offer for Telerate Inc. common stock until 5 p.m. EST Nov. 9.
Dow Jones, which owns about 64 million of Telerate's 95 million common shares outstanding, said that about 24,000 shares have been tendered under its offer.
1% of Dunkin' common shares, on a fully diluted basis, being tendered and on the withdrawal of the company's poison pill rights plan.
Heritage, which owns 51% of POP's 3.6 million shares outstanding, said it will exchange one share of a new preferred stock for each POP common share it doesn't already own.
The preferred stock, which would have a dividend rate of $1.76 a year, would be convertible into Heritage common at a rate of four common shares for each preferred.
The preferred stock, which would have a dividend rate of $1.76 a year, would be convertible into Heritage common at a rate of four common shares for each preferred.
Meridian National Corp. said it sold 750,000 shares of its common stock to the McAlpine family interests, for $1 million, or $1.35 a share.
That amount is convertible into shares of Meridian common stock at $2 a share during its one-year term.
Coleco Industries Inc., a once high-flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $65 a share in the early 1980s, filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders.
After these payments, about $225,000 will be available for the 20 million common shares outstanding.
Sony Corp. completed its tender offer for Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc., with Columbia shareholders tendering 99.3% of all common shares outstanding by the Tuesday deadline.
Three things Hill earns praise for: 1) eschewing the heavy production and packaging common in R&B and hip-hop; 2) writing and producing the album herself; 3) a high quotient of live instrumentation and improvisation.
Bonito, amberjack, barracuda, and shark can be caught in these waters all year; huge sailfish, tuna, and several species of marlin are most common between March and June; and in the winter months shoals of grouper and jewfish abound.
Delays are common in American medicine [ 49 ] , even in urgent situations such as treatment of life-threatening laboratory abnormalities [ 50 ] . Although we do not know the causes of delays in antibiotic initiation, they appeared more common in some institutions than in others.
establish confidential ways for organizations to share sensitive information about common problems and best practices for dealing with security threats,
Spontaneous rupture of the spleen is well described in many diseases, of which malaria is the most common [ 10, 11].
There are also moderates who believe, with some common sense, that these ideas are true up to a point.
In some cases, transcription factors may bind cooperatively to adjacent DNA sites via direct physical interaction [ 3 4 ] . In other cases, multiple transcription factors that bind independently may recruit a common co-activator [ 5 ] , or may act independently of one another to alter gene expression in response to distinct cellular cues [ 6 ] . Recent studies have also suggested that nearby transcription factors may collaboratively compete with nucleosomes, thus enhancing the binding of individual transcription factors [ 7 8 ] . Many experiments in yeast have shown that specific pairs of factors must be bound near each other for multifactorial regulation to occur [ 7 8 9 10 ] , and it is on these spatial constraints that we focus here.
We found that methylation of HIC1 , APC , and BRACA1 genes was more common in AC while CDH1 promoter methylation was seen only in SCC.
Thus I met any number of expressions which I could work out, given their contexts, and which have in common both a valiant attempt to use English and an unfamiliarity with idiom.
.” fails to take account of the common expression, What ails you/ him/her/it/them?
None of these genes was common to all time points.
Another closely related word also found in Santamaria is pichilingui, which is a common word for pato silvestre (wild duck), which is found in lakes in the interior of Mexico.
In order to understand regulatory networks of genes, it is useful to generalize from a few genes or modules with common functions to new candidates.
Critics revel in his elegant deflation of bunk theories, finding in his work "qualities in increasingly short supply in academic circles: old-fashioned moral rigor and plain old common sense" (Michiko Kakutani, the New York Times ). Some regret that Rosenbaum does not proffer his own theory clarifying the mysterious origins of Hitler's evil.
A problem common to all programs was the untimely closure of cases, although again the extent of the problem in any particular program varied from under 4 percent in one program to over 30 percent in another.
A common complaint about Slate--and, indeed, about Webzines in general--is that we don't write enough about castration.
Homozygotes will be predominantly resistant if R alleles are common and have little diversity and sensitive when S alleles are common and have little diversity.
On the wing single and double mutant combinations of in and fy result in a similar phenotype [ 5 ] . This lack of additivity has been interpreted as evidence that these genes function and are required in a common process.
fiscal year 2001 are structured around common performance elements- service delivery, organizational support/teamwork, leadership development, external relations, and workplace responsibilities.
"High expectations" are common at Cathedral, and we prepare for the year 2000 with very high expectations for our students, our faculty, our administrators, our board of directors and all of those who express their allegiance to the school.
Craven does good work with the young actors in the classroom scenes, but the film has a reticence common to most biopics and a mushy, TV-movie humanism that blands out its texture.
Further, this implies that putative Ch6p alleles associated with CVID or IgGSD susceptibility occur on many HLA haplotypes that are common in Caucasians in central Alabama [ 10 ] and in Caucasians from a large national bone marrow donor program [ 14 ] . The present observations also confirm and extend the reports of association of HLA haplotype A*01-B*08 (or an extended haplotype containing A*01 and B*08) with heritable forms of immunoglobulin deficiency demonstrated in family-based analyses [ 3 6 19 20 21 22 ] . It is likely that a candidate gene(s) for CVID or IgGSD exists in the HLA class II region, [ 6 19 20 21 22 23 ] . Because the class II region is closer to the HLA-B locus than to the HLA-A locus, it is plausible that candidate gene(s) for CVID or IgGSD in the class II region are in greater linkage disequilibrium with HLA-B than HLA-A.
Although the Kurds consider themselves a nation, they share neither a common language nor a common religion.
We found no evidence that, at this critical time, NORAD's top commanders, in Florida or Cheyenne Mountain, coordinated with their counterparts at FAA headquarters to improve awareness and organize a common response.
For example, the mesophilic euryarchaeon Halobacterium sp. has more genes in common with the mesophilic Bacteria than does the thermophilic crenarchaeote Aeropyrum pernix . However, the extremophilic euryarcheote Archaeoglobus fulgidus shares many more genes with the extremophilic bacteria, Aquifex aeolicus and Thermotoga maritima than does Halobacterium . While this example illustrates the web-like relationships among genomes, recent phylogenetic reconstructions from molecular data have explored only few alternatives to the tree-paradigm (e.g.
As it happens, many wonderful terms for empty or hypocritical talk are by now quaint and archaic ( humbuggery , Pharisaism , Tartuffery ), and some of the most common terms are simply vulgar ( bullshit ).
It was just like John to use the common elevator instead of, say, chartering a helicopter to pluck him off the 14 th floor and deposit him on the 18 th , or buying a rocket pack, or rappelling up the side of the building, all of which, I knew, he could have chosen.
Since Slurvian thus exists in both a Germanic language (English) and a Romance language (French), must it not therefore follow that Slurvian has its origin in the common ancestor of both tongues, that is in the Indo-stage?
USAT 's second lead states that, according to brand-new research, highly drug-resistant strains of bacteria that cause middle ear infections, sinusitis, and pneumonia are twice as common as they were a year ago.
Examples of common terms in this ontology might be: add, centrifuge, and incubate.
Many, if not most, common drugs were originally a substance that occurred in nature, such as various plant extracts.
Whenever a Paul Begala or a Mike McCurry asserts in public that he truly believes Clinton, it's treated by the press as news, because the common assumption is that Clinton officials believe their boss is lying.
It therefore carries a surprising number of obsolete and archaic words, and it is difficult to tell whether they are in because they were common in American English, in American English spoken in the Midwest, or simply carelessly retained from an earlier dictionary which was not properly edited.
Perhaps NIDA and the pliant journalists should inject themselves with a big dose of common sense.
The preposition in the end of the sentence; a common fault with him, and which I have but lately observed in my own writings.
This means that the committee that creates the TMA standard must work with other standards committees to ensure cross-database compatibility of common data elements
Because it is hard to calculate the number of false negatives, which are functionally dependent genes or gene clusters that do not show a common coevolution pattern, we did not compare the sensitivities of these methods.
These methods have been articulated in many ways, but almost all seem to have at least four elements in common: (1) think about how surprise attacks might be launched; (2) identify telltale indicators connected to the most dangerous possibilities; (3) where feasible, collect intelligence on these indicators; and (4) adopt defenses to deflect the most dangerous possibilities or at least trigger an earlier warning.
Duendes are very common in Chicano folktales, and many people still believe in them.
This syndrome is associated with obesity [ 34 ] , and common in ADHD [ 22 ] . The DRD4 gene has been associated with "novelty seeking" traits, said to be greater in substance abusers [ 30 ] , and individuals with both DRD2 and DRD4 genetic variations may be especially prone to multiple difficulties (e.g.
We used the leaves of A. tridentata in a medium (sagebrush-leaf agar) because this species is common to all habitats.
There are three common alleles, E2, E3, and E4, which code for three major isoforms, resulting in six common genotypes [ 3, 4].
One would expect that a certain amount of common sense be exercised: Palm Drive and Bougainvillea Boulevard would be as out of place in Massachusetts as Yucca Lane; with the devastation wrought by Dutch elm disease, one might consider renaming all the streets in America named Elm Street to describe a hardier species.
Luckily for us Caribbeans, humor plays a great part in our daily lives and laughter is generally much more common than a gloomy face.
The techniques include fieldwork, ethnography, observation, and participant observation and have in common that an observer is physically present at a site, stays at the site for a fairly long time, has flexibility in deciding what data to collect from whom and under what circumstances, and can organize the inquiry according to the meaning of events to the participants rather than having to decide beforehand
Interstitial triplications have also been described, and these tend to utilize variable distal breakpoints common to idic(15) chromosomes [ 13 ] . Triplications are associated with a phenotype analogous to that for idic(15) when maternally-derived [ 7 12 13 ] .
(In the case of particularly stringent constraints, similar linker regions would not necessarily demonstrate a common origin).
Such convolutions of phrasal meaning (an aspect of what some call intertextuality) is a common rhetorical device, especially perhaps at the arty end of journalism.
Importantly, the two-stage amplification had the unanticipated advantage of normalizing the yield of PCR products across the entire set of genes, such that lower than average yielding products from the 1 stround PCR (using the gene specific sequence and chromosomal DNA as template) often had a robust yield during the 2 ndround of amplification using the common adaptamer sequences.
I am fully aware that some of the words in my text are not everyday items you find about the house, but I included those anyway; attention is drawn, particularly, to the suggestions for the more common words.
They were common.
For example, if a set of proteins exist that are expressed at different levels between cancer and control subjects but have a common domain, then a common product ion of lower M/Z may be generated that would represent a summation of all the changes in expression of the group of proteins, and might thus have greater statistical significance than the changes associated with any single high M/Z value.
While the waltzing was most common in mice expressing mutant β-catenin, one non-transgenic mouse also exhibited a loose circling behavior.
Haplotype 9, bearing the -1031C and -863A alleles, is much more common in Malawi than in The Gambia, at 16.
The term "facility" means all buildings, structures, or installations located on one or moreadjacent properties under common control of the same person or persons.
Common gene content between two organisms is proposed as a genomic estimation of distances between them.
The next most common SNPs are the TNF+1304 (9%) and the TNF-863 (6%); however, the EMM does not choose these SNPs next because the TNF+1304 tends to occur in phase with the TNF+851, and the TNF-863 tends to occur in phase with the TNF-1031, both of which are already in the subset of four SNPs.
It is not surprising that the first few SNPs selected by the EMM are those that have frequencies closest to 0.50; however, the addition of a common SNP that is well correlated with a SNP already in the subset will contribute little additional information.
But a page for advertisers reveals the truth: "Mills TV is a state-of-the-art, closed-circuit television network that saturates the common areas of Ontario Mills with commercial messages.
The phone-in programs have created a culture language of their own, one that is, curiously, common to both the US and the UK.
Some over-edge sewing operations common with knit goods actually trim the edges of cloth just in front of the needle; in these cases any fused material from the laser cutting could be trimmed away.
Similarly, the frequency of A*03 positivity was significantly increased in Alabama hemochromatosis probands diagnosed before the discovery of HFE [ 21 ] . These observations are consistent with and extend the findings of 21 previously reported case-controlled studies from thirteen countries which demonstrate the significantly increased prevalence of A*03 in persons with hemochromatosis [ 16 ] . The alleles B*07 and B*14 were also more common in the present Alabama probands and in Alabama probands diagnosed before discovery of HFE than in corresponding control subjects [ 21 ] . The present analysis demonstrates that this is attributable largely to the association of B*07 and B*14 with A*03, consistent with observations in persons with hemochromatosis patients from many locations, including Ireland [ 6 ] , Brittany [ 2 32 33 34 ] , Denmark [ 7 8 ] , Sweden [ 9 35 36 ] , Germany [ 10 11 37 38 ] , Portugal [ 30 39 ] , Italy [ 2 40 ] , and Utah [ 20 ] .
These two regions could not be well aligned and we could not predict a common structure with comparative analysis with ten Eucaryotic sequences in 1988 (see Figures 35-43 in [ 48 ] ). However, once a larger number of related Eucaryotic 23S-like rRNA sequences was determined, we reanalyzed these two regions and were able to align those regions to other related organisms ( e.g., S. cerevisiae with Schizosaccharomyces pombe, Cryptococcus neoformans, Pneumocystis carinii, Candida albicans, and Mucor racemosus ) and predict a secondary structure that is common for all of these rRNAs (see Figures 3and 6 in [ 52 ] ). While the secondary structures for the fungal 23S-like rRNAs are determined in these regions, the animal rRNAs were only partially solved.
(I'd make the case that Eleanor had more in common with him than it appears.)
Based on these results, we propose a model for the relaxation of supercoiled DNA by E. coli topoisomerase I (Figure 7) modified from previous versions that have a number of common features but differ most significantly in the role of the Zn(II) binding domain [ 2 4 21 29 30 ] . In this model, the subdomains in Top67 is responsible for interacting with the G-strand of DNA both upstream and downstream of the cleavage site.
The Venn function lets the user quickly identify the genes in common between lists generated from different measurements or using different filtering criteria.
The suit also charges the defendants with violations of the Americans With Disabilities Act because the common areas of the complexes' clubhouse rental offices are allegedly not accessible to the disabled.
27 The primary issue, as understood by the majority, was whether the states would retain their own special authority over their own citizens, an authority that was expressed in the “police power” to legislate for the common good.
All known BDNF gene 5' exons are directly spliced to the common coding exon, generating mature messages that contain two exons, a single 5' non-coding and the common coding exon.
Like some of the phrases in other categories, several have become so common as to have ousted the original diction.
Sequence analysis of the TK coding region from all five plaque isolates identified a G nucleotide insertion in the homopolymeric hot-spot G7 tract at nucleotide 435, a common mutation present in other ACV rHSV isolates [ 18 19 ] . This base insertion produced a frame shift in the coding sequence, resulting in a loss of the ATP / nucleoside-binding site and the creation of a premature stop codon at amino acid 228 to encode a truncated 28 kD TK polypeptide.
This problem of finding an approximate rank of a matrix, k , is a common one.
Some, like French, Spanish, Italian, and Portuguese, had more in common with one another than they did with, say, German, English, Swedish, Danish, and Dutch, which, in turn, bore only a remote resemblance to Russian and Polish, on the one hand, and the two extant varieties of, say, Gaelic, on the other.
In addition, their nuclease regions possess residues which are strictly invariant among all the yCCR4-related proteins, from plants to humans, and which are not conserved in any other Mg 2+-dependent endonuclease-containing protein, thus strenghtening the notion of a common and specific function for the yCCR4-related proteins.
I wonder why henotheism is not as common a philosophical designation as monotheism.
The motifs common to these families were compared with the APE motifs of Table 1. Criteria for inclusion (presence of motif) included conservation of residues >90% conserved (side chains shown in blue in the tables) and patterns of polarity (as determined with a macro included in the MASIA packet as a user specified feature).
The C-terminus strong conservation leads to the assumption that all the related genes derive by duplication events from a common ancestor, but the identity of this ancestral gene and the date of expansion can only be hypothesized.
Some insults are more common than others.
A second class of bound and gagged morphemes comprises innovations based upon a portion of a common term that is either not a morpheme or an incorrect form of a morpheme used in a new sense.
Comparative genomics and more specialized fields such as comparative virology, etc., involve the comparison of DNA sequences, genes and genomes [ 12 13 14 ] . Recent rapid data acquisition is allowing the analyses of whole genome sequences, especially the smaller genomes such as mitochondria and chloroplasts [ 15 16 17 ] , as well as the larger bacterial genomes [ 18 19 ] and large tracts of eukaryotic chromosomes, especially from related organisms [ 12 13 14 20 21 22 23 ] . These studies include the determination of the order of genes, i.e., co-linearity [ 24 25 ] , the location of synteny [ 26 27 28 ] and the identification of clusters of orthologous genes [cog] between two genomes [ 21 22 23 ] . Along similar lines of thought, it should be extremely useful to locate, identify and catalog the sets of "core" genes common to these genomes-genomes which otherwise may be related or semi-related or unrelated in other respects.
This phylogenetic tree topology resembles that of several proteins involved in core cellular functions such as the DNA recombinase RecA, aminoacyl tRNA synthetases, RNA polymerase and other RNA metabolism proteins [ 21 22 23 ] . This suggests that a CYTH domain was present in the last universal common ancestor of all extant life forms and the extant forms are in part vertically inherited from this ancestral form.
A structural comparison of these proteins indicates that the nuclease active site of the LAGLIDADG domains is contained in a specific amino-terminal α-helical extension packed against the core (β 2 α) 2 domain common to all these proteins (Figure 1b) [ 30].
Look for the delicate, tightly-woven basketware, whether in mats, boxes, bowls, and bags, or the common Lombok souvenir of a model rice-barn.
Most current normalization procedures for oligonucleotide arrays are global approaches, based on normalization of the overall mean or median array intensity to a common standard (for example [ 5, 6, 7]).
Malaria was especially common during 1994 and 1995, with 84 345 and 82 094 cases being diagnosed in these years, respectively.
The fact that recombinant KcF12 peptide competed all of the phage expressed peptides (Table 3) indicated that the four peptides also recognize a common hotspot which may be the one responsible for TNF ligand binding to the receptor.
On the other hand, it's fairly common for a presidential candidate not to use e-mail in connection with his campaign.
We looked for in vivo versus in vitro differences that were common to the two cell lines, and for differences that were found in one cell line but not the other.
P. vivax, which are less common and initially indistinguishable.
Several signaling events, including the activation of Jak kinases 1 and 3 are shared among the 'common γ chain' cytokines [ 50 ] . Other signaling events, such as the activation of Shc, Gab2, SHP-2 and MAPK, are shared among IL-2 and 15, but not the other common γ chain cytokine receptors, and Tyr 388 of IL-2Rβ appears critical for these events [ 51 ] . Despite these signaling similarities, it is clear that the biological properties of IL-2 are unique among the common γ chain cytokines, as the other cytokines cannot compensate for IL-2 in the IL-2 knockout mouse [ 52 ] . In addition, IL-15 appears uniquely critical for the development of NK cells, as evidenced by the phenotypes of IL-15 [ 53 ] and IL-15R α [ 54 ] deficient mice.
Other common allergies include reactions to the proteins found in food , the excrement of mites , and the saliva of
The bison isolates shared common alleles at VNTR Locus-3 (Allele-3) and Locus-4 (Allele-11).
While the NIPA measure reflects how government saving affects national saving available for investment, the unified budget measure is the more common frame of reference for discussing federal fiscal policy issues.
Nonetheless, it is worth noting that social desirability bias would tend to overestimate the proportion of people willing to put themselves at risk for the common good.
There is a whole class of Italian surnames that were given to foundlings, including variations of Trovato (trovato past participle of trovare to find; trovatello foundling), Proietto (proietto ejected or rejected), Innocenti , and Nocenti (given to all children taken into Florence's Spedale degli Innocenti orphanage; the name was also given to those who were innocent of evil, or simple-minded), Ignoto ( ignoto unknown), and Esposito or Sposito (esposto exposed), which de Felice has found to be the most common name in Naples.
This listing also contains the known common names associated with each level of the phylogenetic tree (H-4A.
As explained in the Journal story, and in a full-page ad Metabolife took out the same day in the New York Times , Metabolife is inviting consumers to view, unedited, the 20/20 interview (of which Metabolife, following an increasingly common practice, made a videotape of its own) on a special "screw you, ABC News" Web site.
Zinc has become the hot new therapy for the common cold.
Membership consisted of between thirty and fifty adult men per chapter (called moradas) and were divided into two groups: common members, called hermanos disciplantes (brothers who discipline), and officers, called hermanos de luz (brothers of light).
The two accents are used in French to change the value of e , which is the most common vowel in French (as in English) and which comes in as many varieties as Campbell's soup—hence the need for some kind of regulation by diacritical marks.
Although many clinical conditions can cause a low SVR, septic shock remains the most common cause and usually results in a severe decrease in SVR.
Brooks obviously shares his protagonist's insecurity about his position in the industry (in common with Steven, he never knows if he'll get the money to make another film), but the two have little in common where it really counts--artistically.
Hoxa3 and Pax1 are transcription factors that act in a common pathway regulating thymus organogenesis and thymic epithelial cell development [ 29 31 32 33 34 ] . Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-compound mutants have defects in TEC development including reduced numbers of TECs, fewer MHC Class II +TECs, and changes in TEC proliferation and apoptosis.
Appreciation and survival of both typos and many common terms may be directly related to the nature and intensity of sexual reference.
3) obtain information on the common organisms isolated during culture and sensitivity testing and their antibiotic sensitivity patterns.
Spanish names are particularly common in the areas of long-lasting Spanish colonial influence, especially California and the Southwest.
Therefore, three different estimations of distances between organisms were used in this study: distances based on SSU rRNA phylogeny; averaged distances of molecular phylogenies of universally conserved genes; and common gene content between the species.
Sulfasalazine (SSZ) is a widely used and highly effective anti-inflammatory agent in the treatment of Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis [ 1 2 3 ] . SSZ is also being used with increasing frequency in the treatment of various rheumatolgical disorders [ 4 5 6 7 ] . SSZ is preferred over other agents such as gold and penicillamine in rheumatology patients due to its more favorable side effect profile [ 8 9 10 ] . Nonetheless, rash, fever, and dyspepsia occur in 3% to 20% of treated patients [ 7 11 12 ] . These reactions are usually dose dependent and improve with dose reduction or discontinuation [ 7 12 ] . However, more serious but less common side effects have also been reported [ 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 ] . We now report a severe systemic reaction to SSZ in a 21-year-old female with rheumatoid arthritis characterized by granulomatous infiltration of the bone marrow, colon and small bowel as well as cholestatic hepatitis and seizures.
For this he must use the finely turned jeweler's tools of his craft, not the carpenter's saws and hatchets of common idiom.
In this group of Sjögren's patients seen at a tertiary care center, abnormal liver function tests were found to be a common non-exocrine feature of 1°SS.
This is a small book containing a few hundred common idioms with standard definitions, citations, and suggested origins; adding to its value are the twenty-two brief essays on various aspects of the formation and characteristics of idioms.
The variation of the firing rates of the motor units occurs simultaneously for all the motor units within a muscle, and even in different muscles acting on the same joint, according to the phenomenon of 'common drive' [ 2 ] . Accordingly, small variations of the output force acquired via a force transducer can be noticed.
The stratification of nonspecific interactions unique to or common to the PM and MM signals was not addressed.
Nicknames are very common among Chicanos, but a placa is specifically a gang-related name and often very well describes the person as perceived by friends or other gang members.
There are also common cuts (“silhouettes”), such as regular, athletic, loose fit, and long.
To simplify this task, genes whose products function together are often under common regulatory control such that they are coordinately expressed under the appropriate conditions.
Moreover, Stat3 has also been directly associated with several coactivators, such as SRC-1 and CBP/p300 [ 9 12 ] . Recruitment of coactivators to nuclear receptors takes place via a common motif in the coactivators containing a core consensus sequence LXXLL (L, leucine; X, any aminoacid) [ 38 ] . Most of the coactivators contain more than one of these motifs, raising the question regarding specificity of these motifs to specific activating domains in the nuclear receptors.
Increasingly, the world's nations face common problems soluble only through concerted effort.
Since the beginning of the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) epidemic, pulmonary complications have been major causes of morbidity and mortality in patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection [ 1 ] . In addition to the common pulmonary diseases affecting immunocompetent individuals, HIV seropositive patients are prone to other infectious and noninfectious complications.
We listed the five most common plant species at each site (determined visually) and scored sites for vegetation types indicative of moisture.
Troyanovich and Harrison [ 33 ] pointed out that in spite of the common perception or belief that motion tests are valid and reliable for assessment of presence or absence of restricted vertebral motion, there was no evidence to support this concept.
Additionally, the 3DPSSM threading also suggested that the LAGLIDADG endonuclease domain [ 18] (E-value 0.2; approximately 80% certainty) shared a common fold with the KilA-N proteins.
Culturebox can't help but think that the mayor and the "Sensation" artists deserve one another, since they share a common goal of drawing as much attention to themselves as possible.
Each people of common history and language constitutes a nation, and the natural form for the nation’s survival was in a state structure.
This is the most common criticism of the DSM . Once upon a time, the argument goes, crazy people were crazy people: They were the ones barking like dogs and thinking they were Napoleon.
Belief in witches and witchcraft is common in the Southwest, as can be seen by the large number of folk narratives and legends about witches collected in New Mexico and Texas in the last century.
Jetskiing is popular almost everywhere, with half-hour rentals common.
Consequently, it shares some of the features that make common disorders complex with respect to genetic analysis.
Common gene identification techniques include determining if a candidate gene contains a sequence mutation and/or determining if the candidate gene or gene product is abnormally expressed.
Unless the patient's clinical status does not permit further testing after discontinuing the study treatment, type (a) dropout problem is a common design flaw and should be corrected.
Incidentally, the most common response was, as many of you suspected, jokes about men's reluctance to ask for directions.
The practice is common enough that a medical ethicist didn't raise eyebrows at the hospital where I completed my internship when he surveyed residents about how many had placed central lines into comatose or on-the-verge-of-death patients.
I think that some clarifications are necessary to ensure we are using common language and common definitions.
As the principles of humanitarianism spread and the era of mass schooling arrived, Mann and others replaced or supplemented the elite academies with taxpayer-supported "common schools," which admitted young students from all walks of life.
All cells exhibited staining for Thy-1 fibroblast differentiation protein, vimentin and alpha actin, and no staining with leukocyte common antigen antibody (negative control) - data not shown.
"I wasn't in England as a common bandit," he said, in reference to his arrest.
The universal presence of the SBHM inserted in the DPBB domain of the DDRP β-subunit suggests that this domain was already present in the common ancestor of all extant DDRPs.
The common missense substitution in ND1 that leads to LHON, Ala52 → Thr, does not have as obvious an explanation for its effect.
In ischemic stroke, the most common type, a profound disturbance of focal cerebral blood flow leads to irreversible parenchymal injury.
Understanding these differences will be important for understanding pigment dispersion, a common cause of human glaucoma.
Thus, distinguishing epithets like colonial, native, wild, black, brown, green , and gray qualify names of common Old World species like apple, ash, oak , and pine to build a considerable and understandable vocabulary.
For the first, the user would type the presumed common name in the "Common Name" field, and click the "V" button.
The place to be seen is the Hilton Hotel, which (in common with most Budapest casinos) offers French and American roulette, blackjack, poker, punto banco, baccarat and, to clear you of loose change and give you a bit of exercise, slot machines.
Therefore, it is a common practice to normalize expression data drawn from multiple profiles before making any reliable interpretation.
AFA, AKA, and APF have been proposed to all identify a common antigen present in the skin protein (pro)filaggrin [ 1, 3, 4, 5, 6].
A group of five metallic elements which were well known to the ancients and which also have in common symbols that do not resemble the English words for them are lead (Pb), copper (Cu), mercury (Hg), silver (Ag), and gold (Au).
This is especially important for the successful identification of regulatory motifs common to the promoters of similarly expressed genes, because motif-finding algorithms are often hindered by small sample sets.
Monster accounting and legal bills like Gore's are so common that the Federal Election Commission allows presidential campaigns to automatically deduct 10 percent of the money they raise against the $33 million spending cap.
Despite the substantial 'noise' in the plot of male vs. female colorectal cancer incidence (Figure 3), overlap analysis revealed the geographic association expected given common exposures among males and females or attributable to similar diet and genetics within family units.
FEMA concluded that all emergencies share certain common traits, pose some common demands, and ought to be approached functionally.
Many states in the southeastern United States where farmworkers are common lack a significant Spanish-speaking bar.
Likewise, analysis of their genomic organization revealed that the caenorhabditis, drosophila and human CCR4 genes had several introns in common, located at homologous positions, suggesting that they arose from a common ancestor.
Steel erection and minor excavation and concrete work is necessary for an ACI system, and this work should not require any more than very common construction equipment.
The oral cavity (17%) and laryngopharynx (83%) were the most common primary sites.
As a starting point, they use a list of about 25 common controls designed to address various types of risk.
Though there are plenty of examples to show that some namers of streets in Santa Fe are aware that in Spanish a definitive modifier follows the modified word, so that there are streets properly named, for instance, Camino Cerrito, Calle Lorca , or Plaza Fatima , there are other street names that betray oblivion to this grammatical rule, for example: Monte Vista Place or Cielo Vista Court where Monte Vista and Cielo Vista are supposed to mean respectively Mountain View and Sky View but, so far as they signify anything, really mean View Mountain and View Sky or Heaven . Even more common in Santa Fe are names in which adjectives fail to agree as to gender with the nouns they modify, for example: Calle Largo, Calle Lejano , or Calle Contento . This error may be due in part to the English tendency to reduce all unaccented final vowels to schwa and in part due to the fact that Spanish adjectives are listed in dictionaries in their masculine forms only.
8) The common currency will help global corporations while stripping each European nation of its power to make its own destiny.
Quite possibly, all of these common carriers find that sparsely settled portions of the country are unprofitable to serve.
Thais chose to hear dead for that and corrupted 's amore to smollay; thus dedsmollay has been a common slang word for `dead' for thirty years or so!
Edo expanded rapidly to accommodate Ieyasu’s 80,000 retainers and their families and the myriad common people who served their daily needs.

Apart from the obvious but very subtle relationship between phase and pattern recurrence another trait is common to most recordings: a remarkable PP oscillation with an intra-individually constant period between 1 and 2 hours.
ATP functions as a neurotransmitter in the central nervous system [ 1 2 3 ] . Synaptically released ATP acts on a class of ligand-gated ion channels called P2X [ 4 5 6 7 ] . While the dynamics of these channels have been studied [ 8 9 ] , a common assumption is that the channels are independent.
These genes, in general, lacked promoter elements common to grain filling genes.
For more than a decade its members have sought salvation in the idea of Europe--that is, a unified European economy (under French leadership, of course), with common regulations and a common currency.
Two types of flow-through tests are in common use: (1) sample is pumped continuously from the sampling point directly to the dilutor system; and (2) grab or composite samples are collected periodically, placed in a tank adjacent to the test laboratory, and pumped continuously from the tank to the dilutor system.
Common issues range from wage claims to poor working conditions to sexual harassment.
Fig 2Cshows that kinase inactive Btk:ER was unable to induce a calcium flux, which, in common with the PLCγ2 data (Fig 2A), suggests that kinase activity is required for Btk:ER function.
As many News Quiz participants asserted, ours is a very observant, very Christian nation, so please be sensitive to the displays of religiosity that are so common this time of year, often with elaborate lighting.
Delays are common in American medicine [ 49 ] , even in urgent situations such as treatment of life-threatening laboratory abnormalities [ 50 ] . Although we do not know the causes of delays in antibiotic initiation, they appeared more common in some institutions than in others.
“There was nothing written in English of immediate practical value to the practising common lawyer or law student.
Unfortunately, there is currently no standard way for someone to get or publish a key, which is one reason encrypted e-mail is not common today.
This assessment is of potential interest because systemic inflammation is a common problem in the ICU, which often leads to shock and death.
In a recent study of blood stream infection of hospitalized patients with HIV, E coli was not even mentioned among the common etiologic agents [ 14 ] . In the present study a significant number of the patients with blood stream infection were women, who are at higher risk for genitourinary infection.
Trans fatty acids, common in margarines and baked goods, are unanimously thought by nutritionists to contribute to heart disease.
Or as Fowler would (perhaps) say, Arthur found a noun clause instead of a good solid common noun he could mortgage or marry.
Mandela suppresses his emotions in favor of the common good, and this serene rationalism has allowed South Africa to escape violence and recrimination.
Scholars traveling across the country needed a common tongue beyond the elitist Latin to break through the barriers of regional dialects.
Both mother and child were found to have two common polymorphisms in homoplasmic state, G185A and A73G.
Second, different cell adhesion and ECM-related genes are upregulated in tumors of different cell types (A549 versus U118); if the upregulation were due to a common mouse source, then the same genes should have appeared upregulated in both cell types, given that the cells were grown in the same site.
The vocabulary is jocular in its easy mixture of the casual (in slang or coinages or abbreviations), the learned (in avatar, baroque, catatonic, synchronous ), the visual (in hieroglyphics or emoticons), and even the aural (in the fondness for explosives, like bang , common spoken name for !) or onomatopoeia ( bletch, glitch, gonk ).
German has no pure accents that I can think of (other than the occasional diaeresis in foreign proper nouns, such as Israël ), but it has one very common ligature and, of course, the umlaut which is much like a digraph—in fact, these characters are essential to proper spelling, and it is for that reason that a dropped umlaut may be seen as an offense.
The alternative explanation, namely that the gene coding for the common ancestor of the Redβ and RecT already co-occurred with the sbcC gene is far less likely because it would require over 10 independent losses of this, apparently, functionally advantageous organization in different bacterial and bacteriophage lineages.
But in any case, the common platform was negotiated long before anyone had heard of Monica Lewinsky.
Despite how many or how few individual characteristics twins--or other clones--have in common, they are different people in the most fundamental sense . They have their own identities, their own thoughts, and their own rights.
Because the model behind the original innovation must be easily recognizable to provide material for a new morpheme, most models are either placenames or common words for locations and activities.
For example, we looked at all the probe sets with 0 common probe pairs and computed correlations for different ranges of HuGeneFL intensity levels.
The editorial went on to say that Europe should take a common position toward Turkey, "clarifying that its aspirations to membership of Europe will be strictly dependent on the way it manages Ocalan's destiny.
3. The standard should, when feasible, use publicly available common data elements linked to a web site that fully defines each common data element included in the standard (needed to support dataset-independent distributed network queries).
"Isn't it just common sense that we make sure every child in America is covered by health care?"
Your second most common reaction: "Maybe Judith Shulevich [ sic ] and people like her who think of children as 'annoying little buggers' should think about sterilization."
A big exception is the fashion journalism of France, where a noticeable respect for fashion has been a standard common attitude since the 17 th century.
The most common example used to be US encyclopedia vs. traditional non-US encyclopaedia (encyclopædia ).
These bacteria become resistant by a number of mechanisms, such as producing enzymes that hydrolyze or inactivate the antibiotics, producing efflux pumps that transport the antibiotic out of the cell, or modifying their cell wall components so they no longer bind effectively to the antibiotics [ 1 2 3 ] . The most common, least expensive, and effective antibiotics are the β-lactam containing antibiotics, such as the penicillins, cephalosporins, and carbapenems [ 2 4 5 ] . These antibiotics are mechanism-based inhibitors of transpeptidase, a bacterial enzyme required for the production of a strong viable cell wall [ 6 7 ] . In response to the widespread use of β-lactam containing antibiotics, bacteria have acquired the ability to produce β-lactamases, which are enzymes that hydrolyze and inactivate β-lactam containing antibiotics.
For a given gene class common to n genes within the k set, where the class applied to a total of A genes out of the entire set of G unique genes under study, the probability, p , for the term occurring n or more times within a set of k genes randomly selected from the chip was calculated using the one-sided Fisher's exact test.
Among children with pauciarticular JRA, DEK autoantibodies were significantly more common in those with JRA-associated uveitis than in those without eye disease [ 8 9 ] . DEK reactivity was also found to be strongly associated with onset of any JRA subtype before age 6 years [ 8 ] .
One common way of measuring inventory is to calculate the I/S ratio—that is, the ratio of total finished good inventories to total sales.
In the first, mRNA from each sample of treated or control cells was reverse transcribed to produce Cys-labeled cDNA, and this was compared to a 'common reference' of Cy3-labeled cDNA prepared from mRNA extracted from several cell lines [ 10].
The structural similarity between the E. coli and human GshBs indicates that the bacterial and eukaryotic enzymes could be related to each other, but is not sufficient to prove that they are related to each other because the common structure might have arisen by convergent evolution from different progenitors.
In the general population, cardiovascular events, and not thromboembolic events, are the most common cause of death after atrial fibrillation, [ 23 ] in agreement with the findings of the present analysis.
Here again you're imposing a cost on your neighbors: If these devices become common, the value of the real thing is diluted.
The more common experience is to watch a much-admired movie with high hopes only to discover that Magnolia is Short Cuts for dummies, or that Boys Don't Cry has no ideas about its subject beyond those in any of a score of newspaper articles written about the case.
Most of the murine mutations reside within exon 3, and only two substitutions are noted that modify the cytoplasmic domain (Figure 2.) Of these, however, one mutation (R761H) is fairly common among the strains surveyed, and the corresponding residue has been reported as an H in the hamster.
The most common way of understanding gene functions by expression profiling is to study the change of their expression levels in various disease states and cellular environments.
But such delusions of grandeur can't be very common.
It is a common practice to make the sign of the cross or recite a short prayer when walking past a religious yard shrine.
In this analysis, the correlation between probe sets increases as the number of common probe pairs increases (from zero to 16 probe pairs), with a correlation coefficient of 0.4 if there are no probe pairs in common and over 0.8 if even one probe pair is in common.
If life is common, the elaboration of biospheres in the universe is rife.
A common concern among clinicians contemplating the addition of hypnosis to their clinical practice is the perception that hypnotherapy requires too much time, both for assessment of patient readiness, and for hypnotherapy itself.
The clipping of swearwords is a common phenomenon.
Second, proteins are grouped into the same superfamily if they share the same fold, and are deemed to share a common evolutionary origin, owing to a similar protein function, for example.
This feeding mode was less common in mothers with gainful employment (OR = 0.54, 95% CI = 0.32-0.
GAO Response Payment authorization prior to verifying receipt and acceptance is a common process referred to as "fast pay."
Promoter hypermethylation is common in NSGCT and rare in SGCT
Under this classification scheme, fibers are characterized as follows: type I fibers are slow-twitch with a high oxidative capacity; type IIa fibers are fast-twitch with a high oxidative and glycolytic capacity; type IIb fibers are fast-twitch with a low oxidative and a high glycolytic capacity; and type IId/x fibers (common in small mammals) are fast-twitch with a metabolic profile intermediate to that of IIa and IIb fibers [ 17 ] .
Therefore, the bony avulsion failure is more common at low strain rates because the bone failure point is reached first.
Legal service providers have long served large Latino populations, who have cultural diversity but share a common language.
The practise of routinely changing catheters according to some defined time period to reduce the risk of CRI is commonly referred to as "scheduled" replacement [ 3 7 ] . There is little or no support from the literature for scheduled replacement, even though it continues to be a common clinical practice.
More specifically, according to the literature, the bridge "epitomizes the dawn of the new common Europe with its common cultural heritage and the vision of a common future in the next century, indeed, the new millennium."
In the gustatory realm, backwords are common: Fresh-squeezed orange juice and hand-dipped ice cream simply make the point that most juice and ice cream no longer come that way.
' sense of fuck off , a common (US) sense is `gold-brick,' which is missing (though covered here under fucking the dog ). Is it missing because it is not used in that sense in Britain or because it was cut, and, if the latter, because it went the way of earlier 20th-century military slang?
An article profiles a scientist who fights cancer with the common cold virus.
The only pXO2 ORFs found in common with the isolates most closely related to B. anthracis (Jaccard distance of 0.55 or less) were ORFs 47 and 48.
Folktales, jests, folk songs, corridos (ballads), and customs related to religious and secular holidays, foods, and other folk traditions found in contemporary California will have a lot in common with those found in other southwestern states and with Mexico.
Rather, we suggest a reason for why PD may be relatively rare in the first place, and therefore point out that such special conditions (to permit cooperation despite the PD) need not be invoked if the game is not common in nature anyway.
Achieving both these objectives is facilitated by using a common reference sample that provides a baseline expression measure for each gene, enabling normalization and comparison of independent experiments.
"Spinning" has, apparently, been common on the Street for as long as anyone can remember, and yet it had never really been written about until a November 1997 article in the Wall Street Journal broke the story.
As most observers of the apparel industry know, contracting out the assembly of garments has become common for American manufacturers, although the use of contracting differs between the men’s and women’s industry.
Because arthropathy is common in persons with hemochromatosis [ 28 ] , we compared the frequencies of B*27 in probands and control subjects; the difference was not significant (Table 2) [ Additional file 1].
Similarly, Bombay furniture (a style combining European forms with Indian ornamentation) provided the metonymic euphemism The Bombay; the Oxford English Dictionary tells us that the name is possibly attributable to the Bombay chair , wherein chamberpots were placed, as it was common in the past to have one's chamberpot concealed in a piece of furniture, which could then be proudly displayed.
When evaluating binary early detection markers, it is inappropriate to report an odds ratio or relative risk, as is common in epidemiology or clinical trials.
This meant that the hexamer AAAAAA was common, but the hexamer TTTTTT scarce.
This is a good place, for example, to develop joint strategies for targeting terrorist travel, or for hammering out a common strategy for the places where terrorists may be finding sanctuary.
The genomic DNA-based assays in both patients indicated that clonal expansions are common in the blood of rheumatoid arthritis patients.
Thus, for instance, we can readily understand retaining a definition for awful striking awe, but few would agree that that was either the dominant sense (or even a common sense) in the 1880s in America; yet no other definition is provided.
It should be noted that the inversion, although primarily characterized in the common chimpanzee ( Pan troglodytes ) was also observed in the pygmy chimpanzee ( Pan paniscus ) thus dating the inversion event more precisely to an interval of 2-5 million years ago (data not shown).
If Hillary used White House funds for travel or other campaign-related needs, then we'd have an ethical lapse to discuss (and a lapse of common sense.
According to Nash, true wit must meet the following standards: (1) The practitioner must have a quick mind, (2) The witticism must be stated within a very tight framework, and (3) It is characterized by four common rhetorical devices: parallelism, antithesis, definition, and quasi-philosophical propositions, an example being Woody Allen's line, Not only is God dead, but try getting a plumber on Sunday.
Sickle cell disease (SCD) is the most common genetic disorder in African and African American populations and it is associated with increased morbidity and mortality in affected individuals [ 1 ] . Children with SCD exhibit impaired growth [ 2 3 4 ] as well as delayed skeletal and sexual maturation [ 5 ] . The underlying cause of growth retardation in SCD has not been confirmed but has been attributed to several factors such as increased resting metabolic rate [ 6 ] and deficiencies of various nutrient including folate, zinc, vitamin A, vitamin E and iron [ 7 ] .
The days when we felt sorry for the famous are over--nowadays, we dislike stars who plead confusion, insecurity, and no common sense.
Some of the common comparisons were: slow as the seven-year itch, mad as a biting sow, though as withleather, fierce as a boar hog, flat as a flitter , and hot as flugens .
These associations may be explained by common gene(s) responsible for both diseases or the diseases may share a similar autoimmune pathogenic mechanism [ 19 ] . There have been several European studies to localize genes for CD, but no significant evidence for linkage has been reported other than at HLA [ 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 ] .
42 Another major textile company, Milliken, has a degree of common ownership with a retail business, Mercantile, although these arrangements remain unusual.
In big cities, New Year's Eve rates of upwards of $100 an hour are common.
(One of the saddest and most common responses is the operator saying, "Herbert Stein, no new messages."
Cost reduction initiatives that typically arise after a program is experiencing problems are common tools used to manage these risks.
Given a mathematical description common to many genomes and different genomic properties, it is possible to define evolutionary models that replicate the power-law distributions.
2) can be identified, which are strictly invariant among all the yCCR4-related proteins, but have no equivalent in the presently aligned AP-endonucleases and DNAseI, or in other Mg 2+-dependent endonuclease fold-containing proteins previously described (not shown) [ 12 13 ] . These CCR4-specific amino acids are most probably relevant to functions common to and specific for all yCCR4-related proteins (see Discussion).
So Wiradhuri words like corella and gang-gang , names for cockatoos, kookaburra , a kingfisher, boggi , a lizard, belah , a Casuarina, billabong anabranch, gilgai waterhole, and bondi , a club, became parts of everyday Australian English, as did the Kamilaroi words brolga , a crane, budgerigar , a small parrot, coolamon wooden vessel or basin, gundy , yet another word for hut, and towri country, the traditional territory of an Aboriginal people, the Yuwaalaraay words galah , a parrot, and gidgee , an acacia, and words common to Kamilaroi and Yuwaalaraay like the names of other species of acacia such as boree and mulga .
More specifically they finance spending of many types to promote the general welfare, provide for the common defense, and ensure domestic tranquillity: national defense, a judicial system, aid to the elderly, construction of infrastructure, education and training, and so forth.
Although the formation of intranuclear inclusions has not been observed in previous studies of Ras-related GTPases, it is a common feature of several neurodegenerative disorders where abnormal proteins containing poly-Gln tracts are synthesized as a result of CAG codon expansions [ 52 ] . Examples include Huntington's disease (huntingtin) [ 53 54 ] , spinocerebellar ataxia (SCA) types 1 and 3 (ataxin-1 and ataxin-3) [ 55 56 ] and dentatorubral-pallidoluysian atrophy (atrophin-1) [ 57 ] . These poly-Gln protein aggregates typically contain ubiquitin [ 58 ] and members of the Hsp70 chaperone family [ 59 ] , consistent with a proposed pathway for cellular clearance of toxic misfolded proteins.
Part I: COMMON ROOTS...provide [s] in-depth coverage of 36 common roots and described, in detail, the dissection, analysis, reconstruction, definition, and commentary processes, followed by 24 exercise entries for each root or related roots.
The WP , historically very skittish in its treatment of race, doesn't complicate the story with the inconvenient but true observation that since most whites know better than to use the N-word epithet, and since it has become a common phrase of salutation and even endearment among blacks, a high proportion of its current usage is in fact as a synonym for "black person."
And quoting from the language of Chief Justice Taney in another case, it is said “that for all the great purposes for which the Federal government was established, we are one people, with one common country, we are all citizens of the United States.
In a case such as this one, it can be difficult to determine whether common sequence motifs have arisen by divergence from a common progenitor, or by convergent evolution driven by a common function.
? Even egghead effete sheets like the New York Times dedicate a whole section most days to it, as if it meant anything real or interesting, or wasn't a lowest common denominator entertainment.
Tridentatae , we previously concluded [ 34 35 ] that S. bigelowii was perhaps misplaced and should be excluded from the Tridentatae . In addition, we explained [ 34 35 ] an unexpected relationship between it and A. filfifolia as possible hybridization and introgression involving bidirectional gene flow rather than recent common ancestry because heterogamous-disciform A. bigelowii differs from heterogamous-disciform A. filifolia by perfect disk florets instead of female-sterile disk florets.
, Japan) was injected into the common bile duct.
The forms I've got money and I've got no money (or I haven't got any money) are far more common in AE than I have money and either I have no money or I don't have money, though I believe that AE speakers might detect a difference in emphasis: I have money is more likely to be said after someone else has said I haven't any money, I've not got any money, or I don't have (any) money when confronted with having to pay for something, as in That's okay, I have money.
The former term is more common in postal rate circles and the latter more common in economics.
The rest of the analyses focused solely on the measurements made on the seven samples split across the HuGeneFL at "high gain" and the HG-U95A chips at "low gain", as this is the most common comparison that will need to be made (Exp 4).
Swahili is the lingua franca of East Africa, but it has a lot in common with Fanagalo, and the two include many similar words.
Non-replication of linkage results in complex diseases is common, and may be due to the low power of studies to detect genes of relatively small effect and/or to a high degree of genetic heterogeneity among families.
Most common are the tiny mouse-deer.
We present evidence that this module is likely to serve as a common denominator in protein-protein interactions in several distinct contexts, such as in secretory vesicles and on the Golgi peripheral membrane.
Teaching the principles of quality improvement to all nursing home staff, including direct care staff, is another common challenge to implementing quality improvement projects in nursing homes.
Each node comprises the set of spans that share common splice junctions.
As several readers pointed out to me, "Indian country" is a common phrase in the West and has no derogatory connotations.
Bluecoats , the common Plains Indian nickname for U.S. cavalry troopers, expressed similar sartorial doubts out west.
These enzymes convert the most common oxygen radical produced by the mitochondria, superoxide, into hydrogen peroxide and water.
Storage tanks, nozzles, and piping for the reagent storage and delivery system are also common and therefore widely available.
Finally, in the analysis of the 8,044 common probe sets between HuGeneFL chips (measured at "high gain") and HG-U95A chips (measured at "low gain"), the correlation coefficients ranged between 0.730 and 0.810 (Exp 4, Table 1).
One common method of inference from observational data is the cohort study with an adjustment for risk factors using, for example, regression models [ 1 ] and propensity scores [ 2 ] . In some situations, estimates from high-quality cohort studies have been similar to those from randomized trials [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] . However there are some notable exceptions, including studies of the effect of beta-carotene on cardiovascular mortality [ 6 ] [ 7 ] , the effect of hormone therapy on the rate of cardiovascular disease [ 8 ] , the effect of epidural analgesia on the probability of Cesarean section [ 9 ] , the effect of beta-blockers on mortality [ 10 ] , and the effect of aspirin on the risk of colorectal cancer [ 11 ] . Some of the discrepancy between the results of these high quality cohort studies and randomized trials may be explained by differences in the intervention, patient population, or duration of follow-up.
Many of these haplotypes are also common in the Alabama Caucasian population.
"There is a common drum beat on the airwaves," a reporter asked Clinton on April 15, "that you, personally, lack the moral authority to be commander in chief."
An analysis of the phyletic patterns suggests that the p24 family had already differentiated into at least four distinct subfamilies in the common ancestor of plants, animals and fungi.
We next calculated the number of cells that would be required for the two most common usages of a parallel plate flow chamber; 1) a standard shear curve (i.e.
Thus the present study was designed, (1) to describe the activation profiles of a set of opioid ligands not previously defined at an isolated cell system expressing only δ opioid receptors, and (2) to compare the relative efficacies and potencies of these ligands to the strongest ligand in the set, metazocine, to the common opioid analgesic, morphine and to the endogenous δ opioid ligand, met-enkephalin.
In addition, the haplotypes A*01-B*08 and A*02-B*44 significantly associated with CVID and IgGSD in the present study are common in both hemochromatosis probands homozygous for HFE C282Y and control subjects in Alabama [ [ 10 ] ; present study].
In each hybridization, fluorescent cDNA targets were prepared from a melanoma or control mRNA sample (red-fluorescent dye, Cy5) and a common reference mRNA sample (green-fluorescent dye, Cy3).
That belief is of course still common today, though for that matter so is the other theory.
And this is a very common concept.
Unfortunately, this is an all too common scenario.
Data collection Reliability jeopardized by lack of common guidance in data collection; findings noncomparable; lack of quality control in data collector roles and responsibilities: impartiality threatened; overly loose relationship between data collected and the evaluation question; inadequacy of information
It is known to survive desiccation for days to weeks and can be aerially transmitted [ 10 ] . It tends to invade irritated tissue and infections are a common complication of diaper rash after prolonged contact with urine and faeces [ 11 12 ] . Although it can be part of the natural skin and nasal microflora, risks of infection vary widely among different strains and increase with exposure to virulent strains from other sources.
Our analysis of these regions of the genome revealed an enrichment in SINES (approximately 25% of the sequence bin versus 13% overall in the genome) and GC content (approximately 50%), two common properties associated with gene-rich, L1-poor regions of the genome [ 1].
The most common hematologic toxicity observed was grade II and III anemia in 18% and 4% of patients respectively.
Although many studies have found urinary or intra-abdominal sepsis to be the most common cause of low SVR [ 3], the lung was the primary site of infection in over half of our patients.
However, there is no comprehensive report available describing the common types of interactions in a set of MHC-peptide complexes characterized by MHC allele variation and peptide sequence diversity.
The other, now more common, meaning harbors an element of deviousness: Stealth candidates in state and local elections in 1992 and 1994, for example, were Trojan stalking horses for fundamentalist Christian forces--men and women who emphasized popular, secular conservative issues in their campaigns but failed to disclose that their candidacies had been covertly planned and energized by the religious right.
It also started an inter-borrowing from common historical and cultural antecedents.
If not, then telling has nothing to do with what common sense could easily and non-investigatively arrive at concerning another person's sexual orientation, and hence has nothing to do with protecting unit cohesion, which could easily be upset by such readily-arrived-at information.
The M6P/IGF2R is also mechanistically involved in the genesis of human cancer [ 6 20 21 22 23 24 ] . M6P/IGF2R loss of heterozygosity coupled with intragenic loss-of-function mutations in the remaining allele is a common event in human cancers [ 6 20 21 22 ] . Inheritance of a tandem repeat polymorphism in the 3' UTR of M6P/IGF2R furthermore predicts for enhanced susceptibility to oral cancer [ 25 ] . Moreover, tumor cell growth is inhibited when M6P/IGF2R expression is restored to normal while it is increased when gene expression is reduced [ 26 27 28 29 ] . The results of these mutational and functional studies clearly demonstrate that the M6P/IGF2R possesses the characteristics necessary to be classified as a tumor suppressor gene [ 30 ] .
Etymological spelling is common in learned words, especially words of Latin origin.
World War II forced the Jewish people into an alliance with the British against the common Nazi enemy.
Common features suggested for these proteins are their expression during DNA replication [ 1 ] and their low substitution rate during evolution [ 9 ] .
It's a common debating tactic to assert that some respected figure of the past would endorse your position on some controversy of the present.
Among these, all except eight pairs of TC and DT had one or more GenBank sequences in common (see Table 4for details).
It is common to regard "Jesuitical" and "Talmudic" as synonymous, but this does an injustice to both words.
Initial simulation estimates based on monotonic population expansion suggested that useful LD was unlikely to extend beyond 3 kb, implying a number of 500,000 SNPs necessary for a whole-genome scan [ 32 ] . Another study looking at real data found that LD extended over much larger distances and arrived at an estimate as small as 30,000 SNPs, or 1 SNP per 100 kb [ 33 ] . Recent evidence suggests that the genome consists of blocks of high LD (haplotype blocks) separated by recombination hot spots [ 34 ] . Within each block, a limited number of common haplotypes (three to five) typically capture about 90% of all chromosomes, which means that a reduced number of SNPs would be needed to characterize these haplotypes [ 35 ] . Thus, the recently initiated construction of a haplotype map of the human genome may facilitate selection of SNP markers for genomewide association studies like ours.
So, to take only a selection of the more common terms, surfbathing dates from 1884, surfboard from 1826, surfboat from 1856, surfriding from 1882, and surf-swimmer from 1845, all long before the first Australian enjoyment of the surf is recorded in the early years of this century.
But, alembic, of which it is a common aphetic form, is there, and it means the same thing.
The two have more in common than it sounds--which is Houellebecq's point, sort of.
Having proved that he is a sentient human being, he subtly points his questioner in a different direction--weren't practices similar to this one actually common under previous presidents?
Axonal defects in the ALMs were less common than in the PLMs.
The first, "introns-early", posits that introns were present in most, if not all, protein-coding genes in the last universal common ancestor (LUCA) and have subsequently been lost in the archaeal and bacterial domains due to strong selection for compact genomes.
The WSJ fronts a detailed feature about a type of worker increasingly common in the modern office: a company Internet snoop, who spends his days checking to see where other workers go on the Web.
Rather, a common word can become a trademark only if it acquires a “secondary meaning,” if, in other words, it is used so long and so exclusively by one producer that it has come to signal to the general public that the product in question is made by that producer, and that producer alone.
Israël is an example which is not seen much any more; Zaïre is seen occasionally; Haïti is common in French, where it is pronounced as three syllables, but the English standard seems to be Haiti (two syllables).
The newly synthesized extracellular matrix presented as foam layer at the early specimens is a common finding reported after photo refractive keratectomy or even simple epithelial scrape injury in a number of previous studies [ 21 22 23 24 ] and is supposed to manifest the healing response of rabbit corneas [ 21 22 24 ] .
Astrong desire to make economics less like a science and more like literary criticism is a surprisingly common attribute of anti-academic writers on the subject.
As shorter chronic tests were developed, it became common practice to apply the same terminology to the endpoints.
Abnormal results on carotid ultrasonography were significantly more common in the T/T genotype group (OR, 6.29; 95% CI, 1.91 to 20.
Note that multiplicative error associated with the sample must have been compensated for by an appropriate normalization ([ 42], reviewed by [ 43]); if, on the other hand, there are considerable multiplicative factors that are common to a spot, they are accommodated by the c 
Examples of the most common activities carried out by central groups are described below.
This report also explained the importance of cholesterol control and listed common side effects of statins.
The functions of collection, delivery, transportation, processing and window services are common to the postal administrations of all industrialized countries.
Electronic circuit diagrams and architectural plans, for instance, can be created, read and analyzed by knowledgeable persons, yet there is no such common graphical language for describing functional systems in biology.
If you are going to have a common currency, everything we know suggests you should follow what Berkeley's Barry Eichengreen calls the Nike strategy.
In fact, such behavior is extremely common.
In contrast, hypercalcemia frequently complicates congenital lactase deficiency [ 4 ] . The present case illustrates the occurrence of hypercalcemia and nephrocalcinosis as a clinically significant complication of SI deficiency in an infant and suggests that common mechanisms may lead to hypercalcemia in both SI and congenital lactase deficiency.
In Washington state, where Sunday morning slugabeds are more common than anywhere else in America, murder is 38 percent less common.
We used template analysis to organise and segment the data, attempting to identify major categories of responses and common domains across each category [ 9 ] . Within the framework of possible responses to the structured discussion questions and based on our a priori theoretical understanding of the issues, we first defined four categories: why or why not surprised, management changes, and barriers to management changes.
The early murals were considered public folk art because of the common themes of community and civil rights and because most of the murals were located in working-class neighborhoods and urban barrios.
These two regions could not be well aligned and we could not predict a common structure with comparative analysis with ten Eucaryotic sequences in 1988 (see Figures 35-43 in [ 48 ] ). However, once a larger number of related Eucaryotic 23S-like rRNA sequences was determined, we reanalyzed these two regions and were able to align those regions to other related organisms ( e.g., S. cerevisiae with Schizosaccharomyces pombe, Cryptococcus neoformans, Pneumocystis carinii, Candida albicans, and Mucor racemosus ) and predict a secondary structure that is common for all of these rRNAs (see Figures 3and 6 in [ 52 ] ). While the secondary structures for the fungal 23S-like rRNAs are determined in these regions, the animal rRNAs were only partially solved.
Uncompensated care reimbursement pools, common in states with former all-payer rate-setting systems, led to increased uncompensated care expenditures throughout the 1990s.
' To shift fields: art movements, in particular, often identify themselves through the addition of a syllable to a word in common parlance.
23 Yet, in fact, the average person tolerates actions by government that can make sense only on the assumption that those potentially affected by governmental abuse see Washington officials as their allies in a common struggle.
The United States inherited English common law, which made adultery, as well as fornication (sex between unmarried people) and sodomy (oral and anal sex), punishable crimes.
Opioids have common and uncommon adverse effects (Table 3).
To reduce the polyA effect, it has become common practice to add unlabeled polyA to the hybridization mixture, to bind to the polyT segments of the hybridization probe, thus competing with the polyA segments in the microarray spots.
...I heard this many years ago on at least one other occasion from a very knowledgeable South African friend who explained that he could not cite a reference but regarded it as common knowledge.
Many studies have shown Staphylococcus species to be the most common isolates in blood [ 6 11 13 16 20 ] . In our study Streptococcus pneumoniae was the most common isolate.
Gains Through Consolidation: Does the agency or program being considered for the new department improve the efficiency and effectiveness of homeland security missions through eliminating duplications and overlaps, closing gaps, and aligning or merging common roles and responsibilities?
Communities in Texas have formally observed Quinceañera birthdays for many generations, whereas such celebrations are not as common in California and other parts of the Southwest.
These results are indicative of the ability of overlap statistics to detect common spatial variation patterns even when the observed correlation between two variables is weak.
Prostaglandins may provide a common link between these important biological phenomena.
The monies generated by the surcharge flow into a common pool to be parceled out to DCs by the UPU for quality of service improvements.
They work together to achieve a common understanding of goals, metrics, and anticipated outcomes that are easy to understand but are aimed at adding value.
Atrial fibrillation is thought to be more common in chronic dialysis patients than in the general population, although population based comparisons are not available.
This property has been frequently exploited in the analysis of genome-wide expression data, as the experimental observation that a set of genes is coexpressed frequently implies that the genes share a biological function and are under common regulatory control [ 1].
It is interesting to see how warm he grew toward Alexander Hamilton (he signed his letters "I am Your Affectionate"), and how awkward and self-conscious toward Jefferson, whose allies were berating Washington "in such exaggerated and indecent terms as could scarcely be applied to a Nero; a notorious defaulter; or even to a common pick-pocket."
The vogue for first names such as James (pronounced JEMSS) is still far from its peak, and freedom of movement within the EEC means that English surnames are becoming more and more common here.
These clusters share some ZIP codes in common; they form two large rather than five small clusters.
"At least one writer will be happy with Fred Kaplan's new book: Gore Vidal," writes William Deresiewicz in the New York Times Book Review . It's a common note sounded in reviews of this exhaustive authorized biography--namely that Kaplan simply reports Vidal's version of events without question.
Common gene content [ 2, 3] or conservation of families of proteins [ 4] are examples of this kind of genomic information.
Twenty or more years ago, when lasers were first used to cut cloth, a mixture of polyester and wool as well as 100-percent polyester cloth was common.
Means sharing a common letter are not significantly different.
As unusual as Button's case is, it shares one common characteristic with nearly all the 30,000 suicides that occur each year in the United States--the victims are not in a rational state of mind.
MatchMiner currently resolves IMAGE clone ids, UniGene clusters, GenBank accession numbers, Affymetrix ids, chromosome locations, gene common names, and FISH clone ids, and greatly facilitates the preparation of microarray data for analysis in GoMiner.
[ 10 ] The difficulty in obtaining kaladana seeds prompted efforts to seek alternative inducers derived from more common plants or synthetic analogs such as GS-E.
The former term is more common in postal rate circles and the latter more common in economics.
Because an electronically linked worldwide medical community needs a common language, new terminology has been adopted by the International Federation of Associations of Anatomists to describe human body parts.
Thus Selchow & Righter, makers of the game Parcheesi , could not prohibit other manufacturers from selling games under such names as Pachisi, Parchisi , or Parchesi , variant spellings of the common Hindi word for the old Indian pastime.
Similar studies [ 6 7 8 ] found common binding sites in the promoter regions of genes responsive to various conditions.
A common mistake when analyzing gene-expression data from oligonucleotide arrays is to ignore the qualitative calls (absolute and difference calls) and focus solely on the quantitative values (for example, the average difference, fold change and average difference change).
A few years ago we were volunteer readers for Frederic G. Cassidy's Dictionary of American Regional English . In going through an early explorer's journal we found frequent references to some mountains called The Teats . After investigating we found that in the 1800s this was the common name for what we now use French for so that we can genteelly talk about The Grand Tetons .
The most common sources of information about breastfeeding before birth were television (303/420) and the family (280/420) (Table 5).
A common technique for making organizational information security policies more useful was to divide them into two broad segments: concise high-level policies and more detailed information referred to as guidelines or standards.
While we provide evidence that the catalytic cores of the RDRPs, their bacteriophage homologs and the DDRPs evolved from a common ancestor, the provenance of the rest of the conserved RDRP module and, accordingly, the evolutionary scenario for RDRP remain less clear.
This is the common thread that begins in the Thirteenth Amendment, peaks, perhaps wrongly, in Prohibition, and issues today into the movement “to stand by victims, to restore their dignity, to find a way for them to think of themselves, once again, as men and women equal to all others.”
The high similarity (at least 70%) between all the enteric plasmids suggests a common source, which from this analysis appears to be very similar to the E. coli chromosomal arsC gene.
Made of stainless steel, they are much bigger than the Adco 120, the most common model.
One common confusion surrounds the use of "mister" when addressing more than one man.
Knowledge of the gene organization and sequence of this region is particularly important because chromosomal replication may be regulated by a common mechanism that could directly affect rate of growth.
Three of the leads address a common theme: strengthening patients' rights.
Anchorage independent growth is a common property of many transformed cells.
Zc is a common expression component, with variance about 0.6, and
The presence of the P60-like family in most bacterial lineages suggests that a representative of this lineage was probably present before the divergence of the bacteria from a common ancestor.
The common structures satisfy the shape-covering theorem, which states that within any sphere of a certain radius r , at least one sequence can be found that folds into a given common structure.
In 1992, they were more or less tricked into making common cause.
In this common installation, the SCR reactor is installed on structural steel that elevates it above existing ductwork and the ESP (designated "precipitator" in the Figure 3-2).
The user can enter a partial or complete scientific or common name in the white text field in the lower, purple-colored panel of the Selection Frame ( e.g., "human;" see H-4B.
It exemplifies liberals' wholehearted embrace of the gay-rights movement: "[T]he very fact that the vice president could use the phrase 'came out' and assume that his listeners knew exactly what he meant is an indication of how the private language of the homosexual subculture has become the common language of the cultural elite."
Such co-ops are quite common: A group of people (in this case about 150 young couples with congressional connections) agrees to baby-sit for one another, obviating the need for cash payments to adolescents.
Here are the most common reasons for exhumation : DNA extractions to settle paternity suits; criminal investigations; relocation to familial cemetery plots; and accidental discoveries--e.g.
In some cases data were skewed, as is common in time-to-event data.
Therefore, the range of amplicon sizes selected for this method allows flexibility in the methods available for detection and differentiation of alleles, including less costly and more common technologies such as agarose gel electrophoresis.
It said there was "no doubt that the military alliance with Turkey is one of the most important Israel has ever signed with any country" and that "[t]his type of alliance inherently involves targeting common enemies, or at least fosters the expectation that an agreed-upon map of common threats and dangers be drawn up.
They all consist of two exons: one of the 5' non-coding exons followed by the coding exon, which is common to all transcripts.
The weapon would use the precision guidance technology already common in planes and tanks to deliver rounds that explode in the air above enemy soldiers, thereby lessening their ability to survive battlefield small arms fire by taking cover.
Since we have chosen the reference sequences randomly in our analysis, we can safely assume that the majority of the sequences that we have studied fold into a common structure, and that therefore the shape-covering theorem applies.
The main arguments supporting the view that all power-law behaviours are arise from a common duplicative process are that the occurrences of different genomic properties are correlated and the fits between the distributions of biological and simulated data are good.
This might be new to BE but this sense of bump and, alas, the practice have been common in AE for years and ought to have been so indicated.
A large number of words that do not occur in common speech and writing today are listed; some have been selected here (omitting pronunciation and part of speech) with comments based on checking in the Oxford English Dictionary , which, it must be noted, classed the words at about the time of publication of the Chicago Tribune Pronouncing Dictionary :
The most common murine allele was represented at a frequency of only 69%.
Osr5 is slightly more common than Osr6 , to which it is most closely related, but it is currently represented in the GBRD by only a single full-length copy and a few fragments.
Common clones shared by Pfam pairs were removed during PCC calculation to reduce this source of bias (See Methods).
And I'd say this was astonishing, except for the fact that selective disclosure remains a painfully common practice.
Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is also a common disorder, even if its prevalence is not precisely known.
Sucrase deficiency may be especially common in indigenous Greenlanders (estimated 5%) and is accompanied most often by lactase deficiency [ 24 25 ] . Initial studies demonstrated that most SI mutations result in lack of enzyme protein (i.e.
Since the basic single-copy repertoire of dispersed aromatic-pathway genes shown in Figure 2for Synechocystis (Ssp) is representative of other cyanobacteria such as Synechococcus (Syn) and Prochlorococcus (Pmu) and is also present at dispersed extra-operonic loci of Anabaena and Nostoc , an obvious possibility would seem to be that the genes of the supraoperon originated by LGT in a common ancestor of Anabaena and Nostoc . If so, speciation was followed by different species-specific gene-insertion events.
ECAMs support several forms of leukocyte adhesion including rolling, firm adhesion and extravasation [ 1 ] . Infiltration of tissues by leukocytes is a common hallmark of many chronic inflammatory states that include the inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD), ulcerative colitis (UC), and Crohn's disease (CD).
Recent studies have characterized several evolutionary breakpoints in common chimpanzee and other great ape species including pericentric inversions and a chromosome translocation [ 7 8 9 ] . We present here a refinement of the breakpoint associated with a previously identified pericentric inversion of the human 15q11-q13 orthologous region in common chimpanzee (XVp) to a region containing multiple segmental duplications [ 1 2 10 ] .
Many studies have shown Staphylococcus species to be the most common isolates in blood [ 6 11 13 16 20 ] . In our study Streptococcus pneumoniae was the most common isolate.
When probe sets had 1 or more probe pairs in common, r was greater than 0.8, and for 14 or more probe pairs in common, r was more than 0.9.
Queen Victoria arranged for the bones of David II, James II, James V, and Lord Darnley to be re-interred in a common tomb.
As shorter chronic tests were developed, it became common practice to apply the same terminology to the endpoints.
Contracting for the development of a requirements document to be used along with other legislative branch agencies to jointly procure and share a common financial management system--$250,000.
 . One might say that the canción ranchera reflects the personality of the masses because it expresses something vital that we all have in common” (Gradante 1983, 105).
A common complaint is that the sound of the big five American symphonies--New York, Philadelphia, Boston, Cleveland, and Chicago--while still of extremely high quality, is more and more homogenized.
Immune dysregulation appears to play a key pathogenic role, as circulating autoantibodies are common in patients with certain JRA clinical subtypes [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ] . Two recent studies have shown a highly significant association between early-onset pauciarticular JRA and circulating antibodies to the 43-kDa nuclear protein DEK [ 8 9 ] . Although circulating DEK antibodies have subsequently been found in children and adults with other autoimmune diseases [ 10 11 ] , these two studies did reveal that children with JRA are significantly more likely to have anti-DEK antibodies than are children without rheumatic disease.
I think that some clarifications are necessary to ensure we are using common language and common definitions.
Correlation Coefficients between HuGeneFL and HG-U95A probe sets with the confidence intervals of their correlations and number of common probe pairs.
Only after a common convention for bar codes had been established and in use for several years did retailers turn to such systems to transmit and receive data from suppliers.
Notice first that discrimination must be quite common in your industry; otherwise your black worker would have gone elsewhere long ago.
The most acclaimed and second highest grossing film of 1998 (just behind Armageddon ) was Saving Private Ryan . Though Steven Spielberg's film is fiction and Brokaw's book is something akin to oral history, they have in common a fashionable theme: the nobility of those who served in the armed forces during World War II and, by extension, Americans of that age in general.
Although this has become more common in the past few years, it is still controversial.
We no longer make common cause against the weather god.
It is important to note that pseudogenes are common in the human genome, and are thought to largely originate from gene duplication or retrotransposition [ 27].
In addition a recent report has shown that Ppt1p is co-purified with Hsp82p and Hsc82p, the S. cerevisiae homologs of hsp90 [ 36 ] , indicating that Ppt1p and PP5 have at least one common protein partner and suggesting that, like PP5, Ppt1p functions in chaperone complexes.
w ij is a weight so that the statistic only considers neighbors that share a common border (w ij is 1/n if the two ZIP codes are neighbors using the rook contiguity relationship, where n is the number of rook neighbors, and w ij is zero otherwise).
Not much common ground here; the battle continues.
Despite these differences, two key characteristics were common to each of the organizations: (1) information security responsibilities had been clearly defined for the groups involved and (2) dedicated staff resources had been provided to carry out these responsibilities.
To confirm these observations, metaphase chromosome preparations were generated from lymphoblast-derived cell lines for human, common chimpanzee, pygmy chimpanzee ( Pan paniscus ; PPA), gorilla and orangutan.
To take a very common illustration from English: Though the vocabulary of English is vastly larger even than other Western languages, there are many simple concepts that have no one word to express them.
If the P2 primer is common to both OCPs, only P1 priming efficiencies need to be similar, greatly simplifying the process of obtaining balanced reaction kinetics in a biallelic assay.
(Actually, there is no "sell immediately" recommendation, though common wisdom on the Street is that you should do so if bodies begin falling past your windows.)
The most common sequences were derived from genes that are known to be highly expressed in the testis in other organisms and include heat shock protein 90A [ 20 ] , chitobiase [ 21 ] , outer dense fiber of sperm tails [ 22 ] and kinectin [ 23 ] . Therefore, the majority of sequences were represented only once or at most two times in the data set.
In addition to the overall homology, a number of other features common to members of this class of proteins were identified.
Another population-based study from San Francisco showed no excess of lung cancer among a cohort of men with AIDS [ 27 ] . The Italian Cooperative Study Group described 19 cases of HIV-associated lung cancer - 16 in tobacco smokers [ 28 ] . More recent studies have indicated an increase in incidence of primary lung cancer in patients with HIV infection [ 22 29 ] . Although there was no case of adenocarcinoma in the PIP study, it is the predominant cell type of bronchogenic carcinoma in patients with HIV infection [ 22 26 30 ] . The Pulmonary Complications of HIV Infection Study Group has shown upper respiratory infection and bronchitis to be common in patients with HIV infection [ 3 ] . Because the PIP study included only hospitalized patients, minor respiratory problems were likely to have been ignored.
It was actually an impressive feat of discriminating between good and bad stocks on the part of the market, instead of the perhaps more common "Kill 'em all and let God sort 'em out" approach.
Reference mRNA contained equal mixtures of fibroblast mRNA (pooled from confluent and proliferating cultures of normal and AIS genital skin fibroblasts) and a 'common reference' of mRNAs isolated from 11 different proliferating cultured tumor cell lines that we have described previously [ 33 ] .
Consensus splice sites were identified for all Tropomodulin exons, but YL-1 exon 1 contained a GC 5' splice site instead of the more common GT 5' splice site.
Employing CAD was particularly common among the largest business units in our sample.
Rather than dwell on differences, our study shows that there is much common ground between public and private CIO organizations on which to build efforts for improvement.
In the TGFβ 1 -sensitive cell lines with intact SMAD pathway, the TGFβ 1 response can be attributed to both the common SMAD signaling pathway and the integrin pathway described above.
The most common patterned repeat found in these L1 tails was a TAAA tetranucleotide (mean of 2.8 As per repeat element) with the most common non-A nucleotide being a T (72% of the time), followed by C (16%) and G (12%).
Similar patterns of non-syntenic disequilibrium are common in recently admixed human populations and often lead to false-positive signals when mapping complex traits.
The core of the eukaryotic recombination system appears to have been inherited from the system present in the common ancestor shared with the archaea [ 29 ] . However, RAD52 is thus far absent in all archaeal genomes and is restricted to a single orthologous group in the eukaryotes [ 29 ] . Thus, it appears plausible that eukaryotic RAD52 was ultimately derived through lateral transfer either from a bacterial genome or directly from a viral source, at a point at least predating the divergence of the crown group eukaryotes and Entamoeba.
For all their good manners, common sense, and solicitude toward voters, they just don't command much respect.
However, studies of the effects of body mass on avian degenerative joint disease, which shares common pathologies with human degenerative disease, have clearly shown that OA can be mediated by body mass [ 24].
Anyone writing a book of this kind is obliged to go over certain common territory.
These birds, once common in certain Bahamian islands, are now disappearing, though the reasons for the decline are disputed.
In Australia now the shortened form budgie is in more common use--but that is another story.
Realizing the difficulty of estimating the relationships between organisms using molecular phylogenies, some authors have proposed a genomic method based on the common gene content of the genomes [ 2, 3].
Models for recombination posit that gene conversion and reciprocal exchange (crossover recombination) are alternative outcomes of a common intermediate [ 11 ] . Intragenic recombination at the ade6 locus, a measure of gene conversion, was reduced more than 100-fold in rec12-117 mutants [ 33 ] , and we have obtained similar results with the rec12-117 , rec12-D15 , and rec12-Y98F mutants (Figure 2; W.D.
As expected, the model-based clustering method assuming the common covariance matrix clusters these 100 genes into two clusters, with 50 genes in each cluster.
But Massoud wanted the United States both to become his ally in trying to overthrow theTaliban and to recognize that they were fighting common enemies.
For example, the two largest RI sets - AXB-BXA and BXD - have been typed at 591 common microsatellite markers.
Of course, messenger services are common in central business districts, but this is for reasons of service and not cost.
Numerous studies have shown that polypeptide growth factors such as insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) are mitogens for breast cancer cells [ 6 7 8 9 ] . The IGF-I and IGF-II signal through a common tyrosine kinase receptor, the insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF1R), and have mitogenic and cell survival actions that may promote tumor development.
The phenomenon of allograft rejection and IL-2-induced tumor rejection may not only be characterized by the induction of a vigorous inflammatory response but share a common cytotoxic effector mechanism (NK/T-cell degranulation) that is ultimately responsible for direct tissue destruction.
The LAT lead story on this decision includes the provenance of a common ad phrase: "offer good at participating stores only."
Although DNase 1 has only 18% overall sequence identity and the IPP domain of synaptojanin, 14%, to APE1, we could show that most of the areas of identity were in molegos common to all three proteins.
The law recognizes two basic kinds of trademark, though it allows for a measure of degree in their definition: a “strong trademark” is one used only in a fictitious or fanciful manner, while a “weak trademark” is a meaningful word in common usage that doubles as a suggestive or descriptive trademark.
The most common isoform of the DRD4 contains 4-repeats, while two less common isoforms contain 2-repeats and 7-repeats.
If the tumors originated from the same clone, then they are likely to have common genetic changes and behave in a similar manner.
However, these data do demonstrate that the increase in relative error with increasing fold changes may be a common feature of multiple microarray platforms.
You give your name to one site, but choose not to give your name to another, yet unbeknownst to you, the sites are allied, and using a common cookie identification, they can share what you didn't want shared.
The operon structure and common regulation cannot easily account for the conservation, as these conserved regions extend for more than a single operon; hence the proposed nomenclature of uber-operons [ 12].
One thing that makes a popular music rock , as a verb, is its ability to take private but common feelings and put them into a shared public language.
The town was Ptarmigan , Alaska, named after a wild bird common to the area.
These levels are common and well accepted levels for this type of analysis and are presented as a recommended minimum significance level for toxicity test data analysis.
Subsequently, she had withdrawn the project and we parted company, a common occurrence in the publishing business.
Recent studies have characterized several evolutionary breakpoints in common chimpanzee and other great ape species including pericentric inversions and a chromosome translocation [ 7 8 9 ] . We present here a refinement of the breakpoint associated with a previously identified pericentric inversion of the human 15q11-q13 orthologous region in common chimpanzee (XVp) to a region containing multiple segmental duplications [ 1 2 10 ] .
It is a hunger for glory and all that comes with it--a willingness to sacrifice one's personal desires to the common good; a sense of honor, dignity, and fair play--that allows politics to rise above a mere squabbling among interests.
One common rule in probe design is to select probes with similar melting temperatures to minimize the variances among probes.
Tridentatae does not share a most recent common ancestor with Old World Seriphidium species, and it should not be treated with the Old World woody artemisias, as we and others have previously suggested [ 34 35 36 ] .
International news, such as the Senate vote to expand NATO, and the European Union's further move toward a common currency, makes nary a ripple.
Interestingly, although GP IIb/IIIa inhibitors were used in >60% of all patients, predominantly before intervention, major adverse clinical events were more common amongst those receiving the drug.
Despite these differences, two key characteristics were common to each of the organizations: (1) information security responsibilities had been clearly defined for the groups involved and (2) dedicated staff resources had been provided to carry out these responsibilities.
However, three genes were common to the 4- and 5-week time points, two genes to 4 and 8 weeks, and one gene to 4 and 9 weeks.
The correlation improved as the number of common probe pairs increased (Figure 1).
Brooks obviously shares his protagonist's insecurity about his position in the industry (in common with Steven, he never knows if he'll get the money to make another film), but the two have little in common where it really counts--artistically.
FEMA concluded that all emergencies share certain common traits, pose some common demands, and ought to be approached functionally.
Peace will come when both sides forge "a genuine security partnership against common enemies and a political partnership to encourage regional economic cooperation."
We postulate here that elements conserved in all the members of related protein families dictate common structures and also common "functions", i.e., individual steps in a complex reaction.
Judging by our own frequent experience with government agencies, federal, state, and local, the most common cause of bad foreign language publications is simply the practice of considering translation and foreign-language typesetting as if they were commodities and awarding the work to the lowest bidder--who is often incompetent.
During the past decade, Serbia has taken advantage of this version of its World War II history to make common cause with Israel.
The common structures satisfy the shape-covering theorem, which states that within any sphere of a certain radius r , at least one sequence can be found that folds into a given common structure.
Figures 2and 3illustrate data that suggest that there are expanded clones that are blood restricted, joint restricted, or are common to both compartments.
First, proteins are defined to have a common fold if their secondary structural elements occupy the same spatial arrangement and have the same topological connections.
A common theme among the CIOs we interviewed was that the message of the importance of IT to the organization must be communicated at the highest levels.
Omniviz [ 38], one of the most advanced solutions for the analysis of the scientific literature, can group publications (or patents or any other kind of text entries) associated with a common theme (for example, Alzheimer's disease) through the analysis of their content.
The most common gram-positive organism isolated from the blood stream of patients with HIV infection is S pneumoniae , and the most common gram-negative organism is E coli . The APACHE II score of patients with blood stream infection is higher than that of patients without blood stream infection.
Difficulty organizing the information, difficulty remembering the facts, discomfort with medical terms, fear of presenting the information accurately, lack of time to study, and feeling overwhelmed by the volume of information were the most common problems cited by the group.
Cultural commentators paired Stewart with Kuralt as champions of virtue and the common man.
Until a decade or so ago it was spelt brahmin , which is now given as an alternate spelling, and has survived in such expressions of common occurrence as Boston Brahmins . While every literate American may not be familiar with the expression, those who are will know that a Boston Brahmin refers to the aristocrats or first families of Boston such as the Cabots and the Lodges.
In common, however, they are both rapidly growing urban centres in malaria endemic areas and both cities report malaria transmission with varying degrees of severity throughout the year.
The three most common answers I get are still: 1) I'd reform the spelling.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa is the most common pathogen recovered from the lungs of CF patients [ 2 3 ] . This predisposition to P. aeruginosa infection has been attributed to several factors.
This practice of taking English words and hacking away at them until they emerge as something more like native products is particularly rampant among the Japanese, who have borrowed no fewer than 20,000 English words--at least ten per cent of all the words in common use there.
The results of the present study demonstrate the power of Affymetrix GeneChip expression profiling to differentiate between morphologically distinct tissues that are descended from a common organ.
Despite numerous reported differences, it does appear that diverse GPCRs share common mechanistic themes during ERK stimulation, including the tyrosine-phosphorylation of Shc and its complexing with Grb2, mSOS recruitment, the GTP-loading of Ras, and Raf-1 activation leading to MEK-1 phosphorylation [ 1 ] . However, the progression of each of these downstream events after GPCR stimulation depends first on the tyrosine phosphorylation of a membrane-bound protein that will be used as a scaffold, which will bind the other proteins (e.g.
Therefore, mutations in the coding regions of the KIT gene do not appear to be a common cause of 46,XX spontaneous premature ovarian failure in North American women.
(Read William Saletan's "" to see how the doctors cultivated their common touch.)
A common practice in novels is to show the speech of the lower classes or poorly educated with dropped hs and other truncated forms.
Cultural commentators paired Stewart with Kuralt as champions of virtue and the common man.
[ 16 ] In some cases these heuristics serve quite well; in other cases, they may lead to common, reproducible errors in judgment.
This "common man" theme is also a pre-emptive defense.
Thus Billingsgate became so notorious that in 1652 it became a common word in English.
It is noteworthy that calcineurin inhibitor toxicity may mimic anxiety or nervousness, [ 16 ] which are common indications for the use of benzodiazepines.
In a case such as this one, it can be difficult to determine whether common sequence motifs have arisen by divergence from a common progenitor, or by convergent evolution driven by a common function.
The inheritance of certain polymorphisms of the mannose-binding lectin gene on Ch10 in persons with CVID are associated with earlier age of onset of manifestations of antibody deficiency and with increased risk of autoimmunity [ 25 ] . Altogether, these observations are consistent with the hypothesis that many common heritable antibody deficiency phenotypes collectively diagnosed as CVID or IgGSD are the result of the inheritance of multiple disease-predisposing alleles on Ch6p and possibly other chromosomes.
Since Widdicombe is apparently so much less given to moral casuistry than Lee, Gorney sometimes risks leaving us with a vague impression of abortion-rights activists as tough pragmatists at a loss for loftier arguments, and anti-abortion activists as philosophers with a common touch.
It's common knowledge that many big box office stars often borrow glittery gems for special occasions from the likes of Harry Winston, etc.
Here Newt Lite has something in common with Newt Heavy.
The lesions described by these authors and us have much in common with those induced by electrocution chocks.
The puritan crusaders of the North and the alienated populists of the South may share common political enemies, but little else.
We examined promoters within intergenic spacers flanked by the same genes in both Buchnera and E. coli under the assumption that these evolved from a common ancestral sequence and thus represent orthologous spacers.
It is believed that local tandem gene duplication is a common mechanism of OR evolution from common predecessors.
) commonly used or accepted; common.”
Frost calls this custom swinging birches , and the one who practises it, a swinger of birches . Though the custom was not universal, back in the days when youngsters still invented their own entertainments, enough of them swung the limber birches for it to be a common pastime.
The YWCA is the oldest and largest organization for women and girls in the world and is dedicated to the empowerment of women, and the elimination of racism in order to attain a common vision of peace, justice, freedom, and dignity for all people.
Hypocalcemia is a common finding in critically ill and especially septic patients.
The pub is named after a bird common in the Broads, the grey heron Ardea cinerea , known locally as the harnser . We do not mistake it for a hawk, a plasterer's board with a handle underneath (called, interestingly enough, oiseau in French).
Finally, the spot weaves together the "common man" theme (Mark himself replays it to camera), the "future" theme (watch the blinking cursor), and a visual and verbal appeal to "family" values.
First, a gold standard would have all the disadvantages of any system of rigidly fixed exchange rates--and even economists who are enthusiastic about a common European currency generally think that fixing the European currency to the dollar or yen would be going too far.
Although there are r -dropping dialects in AE, they do not predominate, as in BE \?\, etc. for card . The common BE pronunciation of respite is /\?
As punt is a Briticism for gamble, punter in the sense of gambler is a Briticism; there are many US equivalents, the most common being sucker .—Editor]
The blacks of Dekalb County, Ga., turn out to have much in common with the Jews of Brookline, Mass.
Springer does have one thing in common with Clinton: He likes to use staffers to approach women for him.
A clever idea--incorporating common urban myths into a traditional horror movie--paired with so-so execution results in a lukewarm set of reviews.
They learned the common misperceptions the public had about SP (e.g.
(Bear in mind, of course, that equally cruel religious persecution of Catholics, Protestants, and Jews was quite common in Europe at that time. )
The editorial celebrates the "obtuse and suicidal" choice of the French electorate, particularly because it will kill hope for a common European currency.
Estimates of their use in the United States alone suggest that over five million CVCs are inserted annually [ 1 2 ] . Although CVCs have significant benefits in many clinical situations, the increase in their use over the last 20 years has been associated with at least a doubling of resultant nosocomial infections [ 3 4 ] . A number of factors may contribute to the risk of catheter related infections (CRI) [ 5 6 7 8 9 ] . Although a common problem, the descriptive epidemiology, pathophysiology, risk factors and best means of diagnosing CRI have not yet been fully elucidated.
As this passage suggests, a common theme in these stores is camp nostalgia.
We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.
These included indirect foreign investment in C-block and F-block (known as "entrepreneur" blocks) licensees and disregarding investments in common carrier radio licensees by non-carriers held as publicly traded securities.
The image of monsters in masks was common to the reporting both from Kosovo and from Borneo where, according to the Sydney Morning Herald , "masked men, some in Indonesian military uniforms, attacked the village of Ritabou, looting and vandalising homes and firing on civilians."
If the analogy with common law monopolies had held, the second problem would then have consisted of transplanting the English practice of invalidating statutes simply because they violated, as Edward Coke said in another leading case, “common right or reason.”
On the other hand, the common terms morphinomane and toxicomane (note spellings) not only “merit official use” but have been in the language for quite some time (ca 1900 and 1920 respectively), as have numerous other nouns--e.g.
When the variable genes identified from human and from pig (4 μg of RNA) data were compared, 239 genes were common to both.
When we discuss our common interest it turns into a fiery political debate.
This group consists of genes for which related abstracts have in common terms such as 'disorder', 'allele', 'recessive' or 'autosomal'.
To reach all audiences in the nursing home setting, QIOs in the pilot states found that training to nursing home staff on quality improvement was most effective when presenters integrated the principles of rapid-cycle quality improvement into examples of small-scale improvements that could be made in care processes common to the nursing home setting.
, porters take short steps on the balls of their feet with their knees bent. Do the same and you’ll avoid the common c
How can the Pundit Central hack imply that centralized government has been a huge net plus when millions have died directly at its hands, and when common freedoms and civic involvement have been declining in liberal democracies as a direct result of this conglomeration of power?
One common analogy compares source code to the formula for Coca-Cola: The Coca-Cola Co. ships only bottles of Coke to its customers, not the formula for the drink, because it doesn't want competitors to brew knock-offs or use the formula to improve their drinks.
(Other things being the same, it is still better to produce in the First World--stories of companies that moved production to Mexico or East Asia, then moved back after experiencing the disadvantages of the Third World environment, are common.)
With marker measurements at two different times per subject (and approximately the same interval between times), a common summary measure is the slope.
Let us now pass on to the names of some clothing items that Texans borrowed and then passed on to the rest of the country: sombrero, mantilla, poncho, rebozo, serape , and huarache . A number of animals and vegetables followed the same route: avocado from aguacate; mesquite; sapodilla from zapote; guayule; coyote; armadillo; ocelot from ocelote; chaparral ; and javalina from jabalina . Since cattle ranching is common to both sides of the border, it should come as no surprise that there has been an exchange of ranch-related words: lariat from la reata; bronco; lasso from lazo; rodeo; chaps from chaparreras; charro; hackamore from jáquima; mustang from mestengo ; and quirt from cuerda or cuarta .
It is not known how common insulators are in the Drosophila (or any other) genome.
Array CGH identified common cytogenetic abnormalities in patient HK67's tumors, including loss of chromosome 15q, an unusual gain of chromosome 19q, and loss of the centromeric region of chromosome 22.
The broader goals of the Cold War required the United States to make common cause with oppressive governments.
Thirty-four of the 78 mice that we analyzed were common inbred strains that were selected to sample a wide range of brain weights, and by expectation, striatal volumes.
Even Glassner, for dog's years Dole's body man and coat carrier, had retired to the common area, where the staff would be attempting its usual stab at gaiety.
The number of common probe pairs within probe sets ranged from zero to 16 (see Methods).
It was also common to hospitalize both adults and children with hepatitis A for 21 days, with syphilis for two weeks, with gonorrhea for three weeks, and with tuberculosis for one year.
Although it was hypothesized that the polymorphism (A2 allele) could result in an additional Sp1 binding site with enhanced promoter activity and an increased rate of transcription [ 1 ] , this was not found in experimental studies [ 20 21 ] . Nonetheless, two studies found that both premenopausal and post-menopausal women with the variant A2 allele had higher levels of circulating estrogens than those with common alleles, indicating that the polymorphism may be in linkage disequilibrium with another functional polymorphism or that it may affect hormone levels through some other mechanism [ 4 22 ] .
This was happening long before r- dropping became common in English accents: Barbara to Babs, Bartholomew to Bat, Bridget to Biddy, Christopher to Kit, Dorothy to Dot, Frances to Fanny, Harriet to Hat, Herbert to Hab or Hub, Jordan to Judd, Margaret to Maggie or Meg, Margery to Madge, Martha to Mattie , and Theresa to Tess . 
French, being a Latin-derived language, is also very rich in digraphs, which are often still retained today in France, but are dying out in Quebec: cœur and œuvre are common examples.
The challenge is to see the common problem across agencies and functions and develop a conceptual framework-an architecture- for an effective screening system.
Apparently, the amount of correct template produced by the 1 stround PCR, albeit often invisible during gel analysis, was usually sufficient to give high yields during the 2 ndround of amplification using the common adaptamer sequences.
The British court, reports the WP , supported Pinochet via the ancient British common law precept that a sovereign is immune from prosecution, and held that the Nuremberg principles did not apply because there is no international tribunal handling charges that Pinochet ordered mass murders and torture.
There may or may not be common features that bring ages to an end.
The experiences of leading state, foreign, and federal governments show that at least four characteristics are common to successful hierarchies of performance measures.
A brown and yellow butterfly with blue eyes on its front wings is called the common wood nymph , or the wood satyr .
Gastric adenocarcinoma (GC) is one of the most common malignant diseases in China.
One explanation for the discrepancy between phylogenetic classification and distribution of the A-ATPase intein is horizontal gene transfer: the intein was not present in the last common ancestor of Thermoplasma and Pyrococcus, rather the intein invaded one of the lineages after their split and was more recently horizontally transferred to the other lineage.
It was even implied that considering dialects to be linguistically equal was a "pernicious threat to common sense, logic, science and our basic political freedoms."
Replacing an Ionic column with a steel I-beam, or exposing air-conditioning ducts, or using common materials in uncommon ways are calculated affronts to honored conventions.
Rather, they should be seen only as illustrations of the economic outcomes associated with alternative saving paths based on common demographic and economic assumptions.
This interval should be a common divisor of all the experimental time points, so that the experimental points fall on the uniform time grid.
More common today are crosses made of molded concrete.
It was common practice to hospitalize children < 1 year of age with pneumonia for 7-14 days, and children of all ages with acute gastroenteritis for 7-15 days.
Data Exchange Specifications are written so that databases related to a specific data domain may be designed with common data and common data structures.
Lives guided by religious faith, including literal beliefs in holy scriptures, are common to every religion, and represent no threat to us.
The most common provisions allow recipients who go to work or get married to keep more of their earnings or stay on Medicaid longer.
The arduous search for common policies to reconcile the "solidaristic" social values of the left-wing parties of the continent with the rules of the free market will continue long after Florence, the paper said.
A common cluster dendrogram was produced by 18 of 40 methods; 16 of these were from the 20 that employed logarithmic transformation of the data sets.
A common approach is to forecast “by analogy,”using data for similar products that have been on the market previously.
15 There was no evidence that courts in the United States would or could invalidate statutes simply because they violated the “common law.”
We show that pairs consisting of a glycine and another small amino acid (glycine, alanine or serine) and facing the same direction in TM α-helices are common in conserved positions.
It was discovered, by analyzing multiple foci occurring simultaneously within individual tumors, that chromosome 18p events occur at a significant frequency (56%) early in the tumorigenic process, making LOH at chromosome 18p one of the most common known events in DCIS tumors.
The franc appears in Burundi, Comoros, Djibouti, French Guiana, Guinea, Malagasy, Rwanda, and as a common currency of the CFA (Communauté Francaise Africaine), comprising Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Chad, Central African Republic, Côte d'Ivoire, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Mali, Niger, People's Republic of the Congo, Senegal, and Togo.
Characteristic features of atopic asthma are circulating specific IgE antibodies, positive skin tests to common allergens, and infiltration of the bronchial mucosa with eosinophils and Th2 cells.
TATR supports a diverse mammalian assemblage including tiger ( Panthera tigris ), leopard ( Panthera pardus ), hyena ( Hyaena hyaena ), sloth bear ( Melursus ursinus ), dhole ( Cuon alpinus ), jackal ( Canis aureus ) and jungle cat ( Felis chaus ) as the carnivores, the common langur ( Semnopithecus entellus ) is the most numerous primate and the ungulates include barking deer ( Muntiacus muntjak ), gaur ( Bos gaurus ), sambar ( Cervus unicolor ), chital ( Axis axis ), wild boar ( Sus scrofa ), nilgai ( Boselapheus tragocamelus ) and chousinga ( Tetracerus quadricornis ). Dubay [ 20 ] estimated the densities (no.
The common functions of these and many other genes in regulating gene expression suggest that developmental fates are manifested in part in the transcripts that different cell types produce.
To further support the business/technology collaboration, leading organizations adopt a common business language, skillfully avoiding technical jargon and instead using language that general managers and legislatures can understand.
Germ cell tumors (GCTs) are the most common cancer in men between the ages 20-40 with an incidence of 4.2 cases per 100,000 [ 5 ] . GCTs arise by transformation of spermatogonial lineage cells and display pluripotentiality for embryonal and extra-embryonal lineage differentiation [ 6 ] . Histologically, they may present as undifferentiated germ cell (GC)-like seminomas (SGCTs) or highly differentiated nonseminomas (NSGCTs).
It wouldn't be good news for Republican politicians, either, if the left listened to Rorty and joined a common crusade for social betterment.
One gene common to clear-space-related metrics (non-stained tissue, including vacuoles and hydrophic degeneration) was α-tubulin (V01227).
Movable type revolutionized printing, books became more common, and literacy increased; Chinese scientists published works on botany, astronomy, mathematics, and geography.
Some studies collect data from a small number of sites but have no other features in common with case studies and offer none of their advantages.
This finding suggests that the common ancestor to KirBac and the eukaryotic Kir's did not have these features, and that they developed after the divergence of the eukaryotic Kir subfamilies.
The backbone conformation adopted by the peptide in the groove is important for maintaining the predominantly common SB interactions.
Ronald Reagan has never transcended the patterns of denial common to the children of alcoholics, and that, she pronounces, is bad.
LHR immunoreactivity in porcine fallopian tubes was confined to the epithelium and smooth muscle cells, and in vitro LH treatment caused relaxation of the oviduct [ 35 ] . Also, LHR stimulation plays a role in the induction and maintenance of myometrial quiescence [ 36 37 38 ] . Since smooth muscles belong among important compartments of the pelvic floor, high LH levels after menopause might be involved in the increased incidence of pelvic floor disorders, a common condition in postmenopausal women [ 39 ] . Since the brain was reported to express functional LHR [ 29 30 ] , there is also a possibility that high LH levels in aging individuals may in some way participate in the development and progression of neurodegenerative process of several degenerative neurological diseases, including Alzheimer's disease.
In common with the other immigrant groups, they had been compelled by law to display the flag of their country of origin, even if a century had passed since their ancestors had come to Indonesia.
More common, however, is the insertion into a work in one language the words, phrases, or passages from another language.
Tender nipples stuck through with gold rings, sensitive tongues punched through with barbells that make a noise against the teeth, penises pierced for rings that go fore-and-aft or sideways, rings for the clitoral hood and labia both inner and outer--all these have been common additions to the chic ensemble since about 1992, hidden away behind clothing or lips.
Perhaps the above four points are simply underlying reasons for the truism that for common carriers serving the general population, larger service networks (be they mail, package, overnight, or telephone) are more valuable to customers and providers than smaller service networks.
PADI (Professional Association of Diving Instructors) is the most common.
The range of language is, of course, vast, and one should not treat with contempt those parts of the book that deal with matters considered “common knowledge”: those parts that seem recondite to one are common knowledge to another.
Sunday's Los Angeles Times reports that according to a recently released man, Iraqi prisons have been the site of hundreds, perhaps thousands, of executions of political prisoners and common criminals in the latter part of 1997.
The first known graphic system, cuneiform, served as the common vehicle of expression for not only Sumerian, Akkadian, Babylonian, Assyrian, and Ugaritic, but also Elamite, Hurrian, Old Persian, and Hittite.
A meeting in late 1999 between Dudovitz and the San Gabriel-Pomona Valley program's board showed how little the two programs had in common and how difficult bridging the gap between their ideologies would be, Dudovitz recalled.
The new items, pinstriper and Planet X, are, not surprisingly, both drawn from the BDC , which provided the actual citation for pinstriper and the date of earliest occurrence for Planet X. It seems likely that the increasingly common acronym PIN , for personal identification number , issued by banks as a unique identifier for customers who use automatic teller machines (yes, ATM is in), which was in BDC was passed over for TBDNE because it appears as an entry in the Random House Unabridged Second Edition (1987), though ATM is an entry in all three.
Instead, it advocated a closer look at a prospective International Monetary Fund package, even though "[o]f course, an IMF programme would bring massive hardships for the common people."
The Times says Hutchinson made some fresh points out of familiar details, and then the paper clearly states them: 1) In response to the White House claim that any help given to Monica Lewinsky in her job search was not a quid pro quo because the help preceded Lewinsky's role in the Paula Jones case, Hutchinson showed how nonetheless the job search assistance effort became markedly more urgent once she did have such a role; 2) To the White House claim that President Clinton could not have been attempting to sway Betty Currie's testimony because his odd conversation with her took place before she was called as a witness, Hutchinson observed that Clinton had just been questioned at length in the Jones deposition about Currie and hence it was clear to him then that she was likely to be called; 3) To the White House claim that President Clinton's denial of a sexual relationship with Lewinsky was literally true because of the odd definition of such relations he was presented with, Hutchinson points out that Lewinsky's denial predates the appearance of that definition and hence should be considered a common sense falsehood that Clinton encouraged.
While it appears likely that trpR , aryl-CoA ligase, trpAa and trpAb belong to a common functional unit, the possible roles of the remaining three genes downstream of acl are problematic at the present time.
Autopsy pictures, common enough on the Internet, are not a popular genre; nor are the death photos of just any famous people.
Barone notes that advice on gender issues is common in campaigns.
We analyzed the mRNAs predicted for neighboring genes to find those transcripts that share common non-protein-coding genomic sequence.
It is likely that two 450 MWe boiler units will use a common single absorber with commensurate reduction in required steel from efficiencies gained by common areas.
Far more common are errors like the following:
Another example is the common name "Mosses" in the Fungi&Plants.
As genes regulated by the same set of transcription factors often display similar gene-expression patterns in certain experimental conditions, we identified pairs of conserved word templates whose gene targets were associated with common changes in gene expression.
Anyway, if Joe Camel hasn't much in common with Marlboro's John Wayne West, he has plenty in common with a literary creation who is becoming more relevant every day.
They are common even today, with nearly half of the capital’s population living in some form of rectangular courtyard compound.
The lower human colon is the primary reservoir for S. aureus ; therefore, the organism is a common sewage contaminant.
The ratio of total debt payments to total income is a common measure of a household's debt burden.
Whereas processes of cell division and metabolism may be more in common from one cancer to the next, processes of cell adhesion and ECM interaction are likely to be very different between different cell types.
There are two proximal breakpoints (BP1 and BP2) that define two classes of PWS/AS deletion [ 14 ] . The common distal breakpoint is termed BP3 and has a bipartite structure [ 15 16 ] . The BP2 and BP3 duplicons span several hundred kb and contain at least seven expressed sequences.
A unique fragment in the exon 10-11 region is followed by a correctly spliced exon 11B and a part of exon 12, which splices backwards from a unique donor site to a unique partial version of exon 9, and continues directly to a unique fragment of exon 20, terminating at the common late polyadenylation signal.
This "noise" arises because cancer deaths are rare relative to all deaths, non-attendance and contamination immediately after randomization are common, and discontinuation of screening leads to a dilution of cancer deaths due to cases arising after screening has stopped.
GENERAL PURPOSE FINANCIAL REPORTS -Reports intended to meet the common needs of diverse users who typically do not have the ability to specify the basis, form, and content of the reports they receive.
Despite varying treatments, immunophenotypic aberrancies noted were maintained over the course of disease in 95% of cases, excluding common variations in the level of CD7 expression.
The most common label claims boasted of keeping colors bright, removing stains, eliminating odors, and being free of skin-irritating perfumes and dyes.
You can't teach common bonds of history to teens while the school and the community stress athletics as the most honored achievement.
S. epidermidis were the most common organism growing followed by P. aeruginosa , yeasts, enterococci, S. aureus and Enterobacter spp.
Physicians have voiced a common concern about alcohol screening: the potential denial of reimbursement for medical services provided to patients if they have a positive blood alcohol or drug screen.
Is there really a common sensibility that unites the inspirational homiletics of Nike's "Just Do It" and the remorseless irony of ABC's "You can talk to your wife anytime" campaign?
With the fortress of Burg Köpenick providing a common defense to the south, Cölln and Berlin formed a trade center between Magdeburg and Poznan.
In an effort to determine if four hydroxyl amino acid residues in an acidic environment might be a common motif for phosphorylation and receptor regulation, we searched the G Protein-Coupled Receptor Database for four consecutive hydroxyl residues (either serine or threonine) in a linear sequence that was at least 1/3 acidic with no basic residues which occurred in either the third intracellular loop or the carboxyl terminal tail.
Useful spoonerisms substitute a common or meaningful phrase for another when transposition occurs, as when “the movement was dealt a crushing blow” becomes “the movement was dealt a blushing crow .” Changing “there's a cozy nook in my kitchen” to “there's a nosey cook in my kitchen” not only introduces a totally new meaning, but also injects humor.
The most common type of legal problem had to do with housing.
Second issue: What do you think of the people who want to take the word "man" out of common words?
The clone contigs were constructed based on the common BACs identified by two or more markers, using the RH map described above and the existing framework map resources as reference for ordering.
The story notes that some types of accidents that used to plague airlines just ten years ago, such as wind shear and midair collisions, have become much less common, but accident rates for approach and landing remain high.
In Britain, when a numeral is repeated in, say, a telephone, credit-card, house, or other number, the word double is used to describe it: thus, for instance, the VERBATIM telephone in Aylesbury, 395880 , would be uttered as, three, nine, five, double-eight, oh (or zero, but oh is more common).
In contrast, tumor nodules from patient HK64 have very similar gene-expression profiles and very similar cytogenetic profiles as predicted by CGMA, suggesting that these tumors have common origins and these nodules have not diverged significantly from the original lineage.
Subsequently, it appears to have been transferred from a bacterial source to Archaeoglobus , the nematode lineage, and the common ancestor of all poxviruses.
Abscisic acid response elements (ABREs) are important during the plant's response to abiotic stresses such as dehydration, salinity and cold, all of which are ABA-mediated [ 82 83 ] . There is evidence that ROS are involved in ABA signaling [ 84 ] . The enrichment of the ABRE motif in the promoter sequences of the genes in the stress cDNA collection may reflect crosstalk among stress signaling pathways mediated by common second messengers, such as H 2 O 2 . The over-representation of the SA-inducible element in the promoter sequences of the genes in the stress cDNA collection, especially those in the SA library, further validates the enrichment of the stressor-specific genes using the SSH technique and suggests that these genes may be regulated by the changes in the levels of SA that occurs in stress responses [ 85 ] .
Also, plenty of EU news: A long article counts the benefits of Europe's common market, while another piece describes how eager Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic are to join it.
[ 25 ] Despite sufficient knowledge on the chemical nature of molecular interactions very little is known about the common interaction types for MHC-peptide complexes.
It is so common that many jokey and dismissive blends formed on - lish have almost become technical terms.
If Microsoft can eliminate their competitor's viability by flooding the market with a free product, the long-term result for the common person will be a loss.
Male combat is common among primates.
We live in a time of national disintegration—witness Czechoslovakia, the Soviet Union, and the near-misses in Canada—and, therefore, the state is properly advised to cultivate a common identity and a sense of shared history and destiny.
Before the advent of cars it was common to see hundreds of people walking towards the show-grounds, and often the best sportsmen from neighboring valleys came over the fells to compete.
The libertarian would talk about externalities, and about minimum regulation to avoid externalities, and about the value of common carriers, and the like.
Several of the federal agency representatives also indicated that a common structure or approach for public participation in rulemaking made sense.
The paper claims that the most authoritative source on the common law known to those who wrote and ratified the Constitution includes in its list of "high misdemeanors" that can be committed by those serving the public trust, both "obstructing the execution of lawful process" and "willful and corrupt perjury."
What no one ever told me is that Cannuscio is very possibly the same word as cannuccio , (the softening of cci (pronounced chee) to sci (pronounced shee) being also common.
Food riots broke out in Lombardy, revolts in Tuscany, and southern peasants demanded a share of common land.
There is a lesson here for policy-makers who hope that the public will be easily led to make modest sacrifices for the common good (or even for their individual good)--such as accepting controls on medical usage to limit the runaway costs of medical care.
And if students are slipping structural cogs, we need a common language to communicate these problems: “John, you should use the possessive form before the gerund”, “Mary, try combining these two sentences by using an appositive.”
In the most common scheme of comparing two profiles, a 'cloud' of genes is plotted on a scatterplot.
The botanical term refers to the two-winged fruit (similar to the “key” of the common sycamore) borne by a large number of the forest’s tallest trees.
We show here that APBA2 actually maps to a more distal location, outside the narrow common interstitial deletion/duplication interval but within the larger idic(15) duplications.
The isolates were all descendants of a common parental strain [ 3 ] that was lyophilized around the same time that the original stab cultures were banked.
With one million new cases each year, breast cancer is the most common cancer among women and is the leading cause of death in women 30 to 70 years of age in the world.
As high-throughput sequencing of 16S rDNA libraries becomes more common, data analysis becomes the bottle-neck.
The authors reviewed the database entries and analysed the recorded lessons learned to identify common themes in order to summarize the following experience-based recommended approaches to assisting nursing home providers with quality improvement.
The order of the microsyntenic genes was highly conserved in the three regions with the colinear pattern of three genes - phospholipase-like protein (pEARLI 4), cyclophilin-type peptidyl-prolyl cis/trans isomerase (PPI), and a cluster of SAUR and auxin-induced proteins (COSAP) - serving as a common footprint for these MSRs.
It is believed that local tandem gene duplication is a common mechanism of OR evolution from common predecessors.
Forty-five percent of those who completed the question on contraindications said either "yes" (37%) or "don't know" (8%) to at least one of the contraindications in our list of 8. The most common (self-reported) contraindication was household member with current or past history of eczema or atopic dermatitis - 16% of respondents reported this situation.
Overall, the pattern of protein contacts to the cleavage site, the area 5' of the cleavage site, and the 3' end of the opposite strand are common to both proteins, suggesting that the functions of forming the substrate complex and the actual phosphorolysis are similar in both proteins.
These two multi-TAS regions roughly lie between their neighboring genes' coding regions, and no TAS site interrupts the common region transcription unit (Fig.
The Venn function (taken from Venn diagrams) allows two or more lists of probe sets or spots to be compared to find common occurrences within the lists.
Their mutual recognition as partners in a common struggle generated a sense that at least they—the Americans—were created equal.
In doing so, he reinforces a common confusion about the Communications Decency Act--namely, that its reach was limited only to pornographic material.
Site selection cannot be convenience because usually generalization wanted, and purposive sample can be typical and representative of diversity and best and worst cases; number of cases depends on program diversity since generalization usually wanted; data rely on common instruments, published documents, and observation; reports are varied in theme, site, chronology, and narration
The Washington Post leads with a new study indicating that false positive mammogram results are quite common.
The more common response among Jews was to devote themselves to Zionism as a bulwark against future persecution, or to engage in symbolic retribution (banning Wagner from Israeli national radio), or to pursue justice through the Nuremberg war crimes tribunals or other legitimate arenas of justice.
With reasoning similar to that of the Hawaii courts, the Vermont Supreme Court determined that the legislature "was constitutionally required to extend to same-sex couples the common benefits and protections that flow from marriage under Vermont law."
The three most common types of CAM used are summarized in Table 2and were: ginger teas or tablets, accupressure / seabands, and Vitamin B6).
A list of the MAGE-OM packages and the classes contained within each one are listed in Table 1. The packages are used to organize classes that share a common purpose, for example the Array package contains classes that describe individual arrays, including detailed information on relevant manufacturing processes.
The story follows Trisha, a 9-year-old girl who gets lost in the woods with only a Walkman and common sense to keep her alive as she wanders for eight nights.
’ In addition to the author's examples of lease, landlord, tenant , and surrender , I would submit escrow, holograph, joint tenancy, tenancy in common, precatory subrogation (none of which is mentioned in the book), and the invaluable per stirpes , all terms of art far more precise than any ready equivalent in backyard English.
Reference to the designated section in Appendix A reveals a brief discussion of the subject of sex-linked metaphors which quite correctly points out that many common metaphors, metonyms, and allusions refer to males— Achilles' heel, before you can say Jack Robinson, Bluebeard, David and Goliath , and many more.
The most common infections identified by medical records were caused by S. aureus (14 residents at 3 sites, including the additional patients identified in Robesonia).
Conferees believe that programmatic growth rests on a common definition and vision of diversity and earmarking resources so that goals are attained.
Nevertheless, their common gene content is low, less than 40%.
For the latter mode of operation, the user selects one of these common names, such as "Mammals."
(This "common denominator" sponsored by the Partnership for a Drug Free America.)
The most common service consideration would involve the number of days to delivery, but mailers can also be interested in achieving delivery on a certain date or even in reducing the risk that the piece is lost in the mail.
Avoidance is a rather common behavior ...
It is quite common to see Japanese men of all ages standing on train platforms or outside a building practicing their stroke with an imaginary golf club.
A single 5' oligonucleotide common primer, designed from a highly conserved region in all known rat MHC genes approximately 500 base pairs upstream of the stop codon, was used in every reaction tube (sequence 5'-AGAAGGAGCAGGACACCAGC-3').
Common usage once allowed hat makers to find markets for many heterogeneous styles, for much discreetly suggestive fantasy in shape and trim.
From an evolutionary perspective, the function of proteins within a protein family encompasses both variation, for example, substrate specificity reflected in amino acids lining substrate-binding pockets, and conservation, for example, regions responsible for general enzymatic activity or binding of a common molecular scaffold.
However, insufficient information exists to relate this last common ancestor to any particular other branch of the presently existing AAA family.
For much of the world, the Algarve is synonymous with Portugal, yet the Portuguese will tell you the exact opposite: the region has little in common with the rest of the country.
Mark was a common term used throughout Europe for a weight of silver or gold, usually about eight ounces.
The ads counter or, in some cases, exploit these common reactions, which can be summarized as follows:
Linear pathways that have common starting points and endpoints and the highest ranks are then combined into the final model of the branched networks.
Certain risk factors were common to both the total risk of diabetic ketoacidosis and the risk of de novo diabetic ketoacidosis (diabetic ketoacidosis occurring in patients without a prior known history of diabetes).
It is not clear from these preliminary results what common feature this subpopulation of positively staining eggs shared in common, but there does not appear to be an association between activation status and the degree of positive staining.
Indeed, seen in a contemporary light, Darger begins to look like a progenitor of that rather common, campy sensibility--what might be called Mouseketeer Gothic--that sees angelic pop-culture figures as actually creepy and frightening.
Surgical stress and infectious fever are common factors in geriatric patients [ 14].
For example, the P/J strain Tlr4 gene exhibits 11 mutations the distinguish it from the most common haplotype, six of them specifying changes in the Tlr4 amino-acid sequence; the SEA/GnJ strain differs by nine mutations, and the strains NZW/J and VM/Dk, which are identical to one another, differ from the most common haplotype at six sites.
He did inherit enough common sense to tell his son that buying property he would never live in was probably a bad mistake.
Likewise, analysis of their genomic organization revealed that the caenorhabditis, drosophila and human CCR4 genes had several introns in common, located at homologous positions, suggesting that they arose from a common ancestor.
Specifically, we have identified 4 overall goals common to these leading organizations along with 11 practices that were critical to their ability to meet these goals.
In most common use are the words in the third group that originally define sexual acts.
To some extent, high expression levels appear to compensate for low numbers of common probe pairs between chip generations, with highest correlations reached when increased gene expression was combined with a large number of common probe pairs (Figure 5and 6).
MtDNA common point mutations (MELAS A3243G and T3271C, MERRF A8344G and T8356C, NARP T8993G and T8993C, cardiomyopathy G8363A, and LHON G11778A, G3460A, T14484C, and G14459A), deletions, or duplications, were not detected in blood or skeletal muscle.
The impermissibility of the statute is dismissed with the rhetorical question: “Whoever doubted the authority of Parliament to change or modify the common law?”
I doubt that it is accurate to define gunsel as a `callow youth,' a sense that probably rubbed off from the character played by Elisha Cook, Jr. in The Maltese Falcon: though he was referred to (by Bogart, as I recall) as a `punk' and `gunsel' and was portrayed as ineffectual, that does not justify a transferred definition: gunsel , probably from Yiddish, is a less common, old-fashioned term for `gunman, body guard, torpedo, hit man,' and the like, simply a `criminal who carries a gun,' and needs no (additional) pejorative treatment.
All centers are affiliated with one of the major certifying bodies, with PADI (Professional Association of Diving Instructors) being the most common.
Not all possible graph types were presented to study participants, although we attempted to include the most common graph types from the scientific and popular press.
All known BDNF gene 5' exons are directly spliced to the common coding exon, generating mature messages that contain two exons, a single 5' non-coding and the common coding exon.
The milk proponents offer a variety of responses as to why osteoporosis is far less common in the nonmilk-drinking world.
However, one study [ 24 ] reported a potentially relevant correlation between symptoms of conduct disorder (but not depression) during adolescence and obesity in early adulthood, attributed to common mechanisms underlying "impulsive aggression" and dysregulation of body weight.
This was true of Singer himself, who has a good deal in common with his hero, Grein.
A reasonable estimate of multiple FGD installations at one site includes 380,000 man-hours for the initial 500 MWe of capacity (or 760 man-hours/MWe) and an additional 500 man-hours per MWe, up to a total of 900 MWe, for any combination into a single common absorber.
Chronic corticosteroid use, malignancy, chronic heart disease, and diabetes became more common with advancing age.
The LGT-block of Xylella genes conceivably could have originated from a donor similar to a common ancestor of the chlamydiae before the massive gene reduction associated with the chlamydial lifestyle.
Our interpretation follows Muto and Osawa's seminal demonstration of the high correlation between the GC content of noncoding, exon, intron, tRNA and rRNA sequences, which indicates that a common force influences the composition of all parts of the genome [ 53].
Comparative studies also help us to identify model systems that are perhaps better suited than more common ones to answer difficult biological questions.
As indicated in the literature, it is common practice to establish a minimal expression threshold below which data are considered to be noise.
What are the common claims of seasonal agricultural workers seeking legal representation?
Although the sequences other than the zinc binding sites are not well conserved, the overall three dimensional structures of all the characterized RING fingers are overwhelmingly similar, due to the conserved spacing between cysteine-histidine pair 2 and cysteine pair 3 and the tight zinc binding ability [ 37 38 39 40 41 42 ] . One common feature is that the RING finger structure brings the flanking N and C-peptides close together.
Several individuals and organizations suggested that agencies move to a more consistent organization, content, and presentation of information to allow for a more common "look and feel" to agencies' ITbased public participation mechanisms in rulemaking.
Features are occasionally placed on the incorrect strand because of problems the alignment software has in identifying the correct strand (EST sequences that do not contain any splice junctions are the common source of this problem).

I believe this sort of phonetic hypercorrection is fairly common in language.
My grandmother's family, the Gannuscios , have long known that some distant relatives spell the name Cannuscio (the softening of hard c to hard g being very common as words move across Italy's myriad dialects).
True, the piece admits, "Booty Call" made $20 million and Wonder remains the biggest single selling bread brand, but the cultural common denominator is on the rise.
To provide a common understanding of what is needed and expected in information technology security programs, NIST developed and published Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems (Special Pub 800-14) in September 1996.
She would be in the same spot as many members of the press and public, who thought that Clinton had made a tacit agreement to quit fooling around for the duration of his presidency, for the sake of common sense if not common decency.
We can only point to another recent report by Bhalla et al, [ 26 ] which found that "de novo" post-transplant diabetes mellitus (confirmed by renal biopsy) was much more common and much more rapid in onset than previously suspected, and could not be explained by usual clinical predictors, which is quite similar to our findings.
DOD's common practice for managing this environment has been to create aggressive risk reduction efforts in its programs.
Common components of each business area include data centers, human resources, payroll, a financial architecture, and a common desktop environment.
Turabi sought to persuade Shiites and Sunnis to put aside their divisions and join against the common enemy.
In Washington state, where Sunday morning slugabeds are more common than anywhere else in America, murder is 38 percent less common.
are the most common measure of Web traffic.
The extensive presence of multiple copies of the PRC-H-like versions in diverse α-proteobacteria suggests that this particular form, with the characteristic acidic residue, was derived in their common ancestor.
However, despite association of the factor V G1691A (factor V Leiden) and prothrombin (factor II) G20210A mutations with venous thromboembolism and myocardial infarction [ 10 11 ] , neither mutation is strongly associated with risk of stroke [ 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 ] . Although a study of British adults found elevated levels of serum homocysteine to be associated with an increased risk of stroke [ 19 ] , a case-control study of a common polymorphism (methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase [MTHFR] T677C) that results in increased serum homocysteine concentrations found no difference between patients with stroke and controls in either genotype or allele frequency [ 20 ] . Because antiplatelet agents with different mechanisms of action can bring about significant reductions in stroke risk, several platelet receptor genes have been tested as candidate stroke susceptibility genes [ 21 22 ] . To date, however, no compelling evidence for an association between any platelet receptor gene polymorphism and risk of stroke has been found.
There are numerous examples where gene pairs share a common GPPP and have a functional linkage, although the individual genes may not have similar SGPPs.
Each vector contained a 60-bp transgene-specific hook and a common B1 repeat as the second hook.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer (excluding non-malignant skin melanomas) and the second leading cause of cancer deaths among women in the US [ 1 ] . During the 1990s, the observed incidence of female breast cancers increased, and was accompanied by a significant decrease in breast cancer mortality [ 2 ] . Both trends may be due, in part, to the increased utilization of mammography [ 3 ] . From 1989 to 1997, the percentage of women aged = 40 years who reported "ever had a mammogram" increased from 63.
They range from theological importance of the first magnitude to common practices that traditionally supported the theology being taught.
Genome-wide expression studies found that around 300 genes were induced and around 600 genes were repressed in response to a wide variety of stressful environmental transitions [ 30 37 ] . Many of these genes also showed subtly different expression patterns in response to specific stimuli, suggesting that the common environmental stress response may be modulated by the activity of condition-specific transcription factors [ 30 ] .
Given the repeat map, we can begin to define classes by noting that if a merging repeat has at least one reference in common with another, then they belong to the same class.
This may reflect a common belief that meta-analyses should be based on multiple clinical trials, which are very common in cancer studies and less common in other fields.
With the first evidence that GPCRs could signal via the MAPK cascade, many investigators have looked for a common mechanism of activation that could be applied across receptor types.
Morrow , Kansas, was first named after a state senator, but this name had to be changed to Morrowville “because of semantic confusion when juxtaposed with a common preposition.
Genomovar III is the most common B. cepacia genomovar isolated from CF patients, accounting for approximately 80% of B. cepacia isolates in CF patients.
Representation of these clusters in the M. incognita L2 EST collection varied from common (77 ESTs) to rare (1 EST).
The main building has a lot in common with Beaubourg, although this one is four times bigger.
This infiltration was common not just in Virginia but all over the United States.
The list of genes shows those that are specific to Wnt-5a/Rfz-2, differential between Wnt-5a/Rfz-2 and Wnt-1, specific to Wnt-1, and common to both Wnt-1 and Wnt-5a/Rfz-2.
As the celestial dragon, he is patterned after the rattlesnake, a common mythical creature in Mesoamerica.
Critics napalm the summer's second Earth-meets-asteroid movie, "an assault on the eyes, the ears, the brain, common sense and the human desire to be entertained" (Roger Ebert, the Chicago Sun-Times ). The Washington Post 's Stephen Hunter finds it "so predictable it could have been written by a chimp."

This book included, with wonderful drawings, such wildlife as The Untouchable Incumbent, The Viable Alternative, The Running Gamut, The Qualm, The Budgetary Shortfall , and The Gobbledegook . I cannot imagine how they could have missed Swift's Utter Gall, Preemptive Strike , and Sheer Audacity . Perhaps those are so common in Washington as to be overlooked.
38 Visits to the emergency department are so common among substance-abusing patients that it is unlikely they represent a special treatment-resistant subgroup.
Design of robust primers to maximize success with unsequenced isolates ( i.e . clinical samples), is a common challenge facing the molecular virologists.
This group includes conjunctions (an', 'n', 'cos) , prepositions (o', 'bout, b'tween) , common verb forms ('ave, spok'n, woz, wuz) and pronouns as shown in the table on the next page.
If I could not identify a missing word in a quotation, I marked that down to my own failing, one that was not likely to be remedied by looking it up in Bartlett , after which it would be promptly forgotten; mercifully, not all clues in puzzles are quotations, so some of them worked out; besides, the word that had to be supplied was usually a very common one and its only connection with the quotation was that it happended to appear in it, like be in To be or not to be.
But the one thing that's been most striking recently is the response to an "On Language" column by Margalit Fox in the New York Times Magazine . Ms Fox, filling in for William Safire, wrote about a common "language myth": that some dialects are intrinsically better than others.
Any genes for which , where I is an indicator variable and v = n when variances are common among all samples within a gene and v = 2n - 1 when variances are not, yield improper posteriors unless an informative prior is used.
It is therefore plausible that a "C-terminal core domain" existed first, which was subsequently duplicated several times giving rise to the four identified protein families, and which has been well conserved because it deserved a common enzymatic function, at the opposite of the N-terminal divergent regions.
This was demonstrated using a pure strain of the common earthly soil microorganism, Pseudomonas putida (Figure 6), and with native soil microorganisms within two nutrient-supplemented soil matrixes (Figures 3, 4, 5).
Several signaling events, including the activation of Jak kinases 1 and 3 are shared among the 'common γ chain' cytokines [ 50 ] . Other signaling events, such as the activation of Shc, Gab2, SHP-2 and MAPK, are shared among IL-2 and 15, but not the other common γ chain cytokine receptors, and Tyr 388 of IL-2Rβ appears critical for these events [ 51 ] . Despite these signaling similarities, it is clear that the biological properties of IL-2 are unique among the common γ chain cytokines, as the other cytokines cannot compensate for IL-2 in the IL-2 knockout mouse [ 52 ] . In addition, IL-15 appears uniquely critical for the development of NK cells, as evidenced by the phenotypes of IL-15 [ 53 ] and IL-15R α [ 54 ] deficient mice.
A host of physical symptoms are common in patients with advanced life-threatening illness.
More affordable folk-style plates and vases are common.
(Why not try ?) But reflecting on human nature doesn't seem to be a common pastime at the Pentagon.
The unanimous ruling held that "the state is constitutionally required to extend to same-sex couples the common benefits and protections that flow from marriage under Vermont law."
Because of rock, we had a lot in common with each other that neither our parents nor our older siblings or older friends shared.
In the synovial membrane, the most common IFN-γ-producing cell is the CD8 +T cell, suggesting that this population of T cells plays a major role in macrophage activation and perpetuation of the inflammatory response [ 1 ] . CD8 +T cells were recently associated with the presence of germinal centers in RA synovium [ 2 ] , suggesting a role for CD8 +T cells in the formation or maintenance of those lymphoid structures in the synovium.
Asthma is a common condition in general medical practice, accounting for about 1% of all ambulatory visits in the USA [ 1].
These were the most common sorts of weapons seized by the Indonesian army during the current outbreak of Muslim-Christian violence.
Seattle of 1972 had more in common with the Great Depression of the '30s than with the 21 st century.
This led to a major redesign of the common missile warning system's sensor.
What, if anything, do these seemingly polar opposite sites have in common or even say about our profession?
Interlocking boards are also fairly common.
More specifically, mutations that improved fitness in 25 μg/ml glucose may have also improved fitness in 250 μg/ml glucose (because of the common resource) as well as in dilute LB (because of the equivalent cell density allowed by the medium).
Primarily as a cost cutting option, more relaxed installation schedules of up to 36 months for a single FGD retrofit installation may be planned, but are not common.
(Oddly enough, he neglects to mention Sun Ra's apparent homosexuality, to which jazz aficionados refer as if it were common knowledge.)
Helping staff and boards arrive at a common vision necessitates honest and sometimes difficult conversations.
Other common words for prison are bote, meaning “can,” and corre, which is short for “correctional institution,” referring specifically to one in Texas.
Three of the four most common SNPs are selected first by the EMM (TNF-3025 (45%), TNF-1031 (25%), TNF+851 (15%)), followed by the TNF-308 (11%) and TNF+1304 (13%) SNPs.
The term "source" means, except for sections 410, 481, and 482, all buildings, structures,or installations located on one or more adjacent properties under common control of the same person or persons.
Hysterectomy is the most common gynecologic operation performed in the United States.
Common goal of these studies was to demonstrate that phase differences between cardiac and respiratory cycle remain constant over a specific time period or that certain phase combinations or time lags are significantly more frequent than others.
For many people, their ability to relate to reality is inexorably tied to their control of language, the greatest common denominator of our understanding of the real world.
Many doctors have long criticized the research as disproportionate to actual suffering--when compared to more common diseases such as cancer and Alzheimer's, for instance--but the advances in virology, microbiology, and immunology brought about by the research have now led to several non-AIDS-related medicines.
Thus, the first definition of interlude refers to a short dramatic piece performed between the acts of the miracle plays, and the common modern sense of `interval' is not met with till definition 2. That is merely a fact—many American dictionaries follow the same theme, notably, the MWIII .
Dixie in 1945, I can attest to the common usage of that word in the US Navy in the Pacific during WWII.
Bennett had reviewed that speech before Bush gave it, though he emphasized at today's press conference that he didn't insert the Bork swipe, and that when he read it he didn't really think of it as a Bork swipe so much as a "synecdoche" for the excessive social-issues pessimism that is common among conservatives.
El Mundo said the arrest has "strong symbolic weight" and that "treating the decrepit tyrant as a common criminal and forcing him to explain his actions in the face of international justice is a lesson not just for him but for all others of his ilk around the world."
In Spain, where homeownership is three times as common, unemployment is a staggering 18.
In addition, cross-species hybridisation would allow a common set of genes to be evaluated in experimental models developed from multiple species, further utilizing the power of comparative genomics.
Hepatitis C virus was more common, and alcohol-related liver disease was less common, as an underlying disease in patients in KFNGH than in those at UW.
Different methodologies and strategies for reducing noise include establishing an arbitrary global threshold for fold-changes [ 9 ] , noise-filtering look up tables [ 8 ] , normalization techniques to make microarrays comparable, such as using ANOVA methods to provide estimates of changes in gene expression that are corrected for potential confounding effects [ 10 11 ] , and using replicate experiments to estimate the variability in reported gene expression [ 12 ] . Applying fold change thresholds has been the most common method of reducing noise by filtering out the false positives [ 8 9 13 ] . However, much of the work done to date has focused on decreasing noise within the same generation and has not addressed the issue of comparability across generations.
Other causes of dementia, however, although less common, can be treated effectively and reversed.
Specifically, if the plasmid-borne arsenate reductases are similar, this would suggest a common origin for these genes, which must ultimately be chromosomal.
All this prose does nothing so much as convince the reader that Mr. Ginsburg has something in common with his former client: he probably blew it.
These methods have in common the analysis of protein families through MSAs, phylogenetic trees and protein structures.
Here we show that hypermethylation is common in NSGCT and rare in SGCT.
One company has even experimented with transmitting data signals over common electric power lines--and at speeds of up to 1 megabit a second, which is 150 percent faster than even DirecPC.
This enables the decomposition of vectors into sums of common and distinct components.
The Protestant Ames takes an equally hard line: "The unjust revealing a secret hath in it oftentimes the pernicious violations of trust, friendship, and honesty," and is therefore "not only in the common esteem of men, but in the Scripture also, reckoned amongst the most odious sins."
2. Good classifications contain classes carefully selected to have the maximally informative set of generalizable features common to all the class instances.
In the experimental application of the deconvolution method it is a common procedure to evaluate the accuracy of the bolus response function r(t) by comparing the venous concentration determined from r(t) with the actual experimental venous concentration data.
Recommendation: The United States should engage its friends to develop a common coalition approach toward the detention and humane treatment of captured terrorists.
It was discovered, by analyzing multiple foci occurring simultaneously within individual tumors, that chromosome 18p events occur at a significant frequency (56%) early in the tumorigenic process, making LOH at chromosome 18p one of the most common known events in DCIS tumors.
Of patients hospitalized for atrial fibrillation, the most common secondary diagnosis was hypertensive heart disease (15%), followed by congestive heart failure (11%).
Attorneys with expertise in employment matters, a common claim of alien farmworkers, also generally practice in urban areas far from the farmworker clients.
Passing for white was so common there that a section of Central Point had actually been named "Passing.
The metadata in XML files can be formalized as well-defined common data elements whose definition and usage semantics are explicitly described in an accessible, unique document.
Using the relative risk equation above, it can be shown by taking partial derivatives with respect to the parameters p , Π and Θ, that (under the assumptions stated above) the relative risk increases with p and Θ and decreases with Π. Thus, population heterozygote advantage is most likely to be observed when resistant alleles are common ( p large) but highly diverse (Π is small), and when susceptible alleles are not diverse (large Θ).
Small residues are common where axes of adjacent transmembrane α helices come close together [ 11 ] . Although there is little sequence similarity for the M1 and M2 sequences when the Kir sequences are compared to those of the other families, the patterns of sequence conservation of the Kir and KirBac families are remarkably similar to those of the other families when Alignment A is used.
Using a simple protein "building block" that has the ability to self-associate to form massive structural arrays is a common theme used in creating a dynamic cytoskeleton.
The international services and international industry divisions have some common requirements based on the international nature of the two divisions.
One common and successful idea: church-run credit unions.
One of the most common mechanisms that regulate entry of calcium is by capacitative or store-operated calcium entry [ 14 ] . The epithelial Ca-release activated channel, I CRAC , is a highly calcium-selective plasma membrane ion channel that is activated on lowering of either intracellular calcium concentration or intracellular calcium stores.
Gene classes can be defined by common gene annotations or concepts from the biomedical literature.
The most common conditions were ARDS (23%), multiple organ dysfunction syndrome (MODS; 15%), and sepsis with DIC (13%).
3 confers susceptibility to Schizophrenia in the British population but not in the Japanese population [ 39 ] . Genetic heterogeneity is very common in hereditary deafness [ 40 ] ; also the prevalence of mutations in the connexin 26 gene is a major cause of non-syndromic autosomal recessive deafness that varies in different populations [ 41 ] .
This may be an important finding, as this iterative-type approach is unlike common prognosticating instruments such as the APACHE or SUPPORT score, which attempt to determine prognosis based on a single evaluation [ 11 12 ] . Traditional prognostic tools might also fail to capture other elements cited by residents when assessing a patient's likelihood of dying: prior survival under similar conditions, reversibility of the disease, and sudden onset of an acute illness.
According to a self-reported national survey, hysterectomies have remained stable between 1965-95 [ 14 ] . However, based on the National Hospital Discharge Survey, there is evidence that hysterectomy rates decreased slightly from the mid 1970s through the 1980s and then may have leveled off through 1993 [ 4 15 16 ] . Our results show that hysterectomy in Utah significantly decreased between 1992-94 and 1995-97 in the age groups 25-34 and 35-44, where hysterectomy is most common.
Despite its decline as a result of widespread antiretroviral therapy and chemoprophylaxis, PCP has remained a common complication in patients with HIV infection [ 2 3 ] . In a prospective multicenter study of HIV seropositive patients, for 79% of those with a CD4 +lymphocyte count < 200/μL receiving PCP chemoprophylaxis, the rate of first episode PCP was 3.3 per 100 person-years [ 4 ] . Although actual data were not available, high rates of noncompliance with and lack of access to antiretroviral therapy and chemoprophylaxis were likely in our study population, which included a significant number of medically underserved patients without perceived risk for HIV.
Common forms of yellow, green, and silver arowana were made to appear like red arowana by being treated with hormones imported from Singapore; the fish were then smuggled into Japan, Taiwan, and Hong Kong.
The interesting types of deviation are the more common, yet less recognized types (widely unrecognized, it seems, perhaps because seldom funny).
First, it was derived by chemical carcinogenesis, the most common known etiologic factor in bladder cancer.
Similar to previous reports, C. albicans was isolated from the majority of colonized type 1 participants, while C. glabrata was the most common isolate in type 2 participants, but our numbers are small [ 1 ] . Whether this is due to diabetes type or reflects different distributions of Candida species by age or both is uncertain.
While compound hypotheses are common in statistical theory, and typically seen in the use of union/intersection tests, their use in the quantitative genetics arena and QTL application is relatively novel.
The most common way for settlers to honor their native lands and languages as they spread out over the continent was to bring old names from home to their new towns.
Primarily created as a self-defence measure against eavesdroppers, prison slang in its own evocative way describes common and not so common experiences, emotions, and professions.
To some extent, high expression levels appear to compensate for low numbers of common probe pairs between chip generations, with highest correlations reached when increased gene expression was combined with a large number of common probe pairs (Figure 5and 6).
In both the Tables and Figures, means not sharing a common letter are significantly different (p < 0.05).
But Burden's masochistic performance art had something in common with more mainstream American art of the 1960s and 1970s.
Another common nickname, bestowed by a satirical paper called Frank , is The Glock und Spiel , probably a sly dig at the Globe's conservative leanings.
Rhinoviruses have been associated with 40% to 65% of "common colds" studied by methods of virus culture [ 1 2 ] . With the use of reverse transcriptase - polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), rhinovirus has been shown to be associated with 53% of all colds throughout the year and up to 92% of colds during the autumn outbreak period [ 3 ] . Rhinviruses have been implicated in the exacerbation of asthma symptoms [ 4 ] and may even play a role in asthma related deaths [ 5 ] . Due to their role in the exacerbation of asthma symptoms, rhinoviruses are a major cause of pediatric hospitalizations [ 6 ] .
So later I asked the same lady who feminized the goldfish why the roofer used liques when Spanish has the common word gotera meaning the same thing.
They all want to talk about what we have in common, as if I'm doing Lutheran standup.
A few common examples of the sort of misunderstandings that cropped up repeatedly in the examination room show how wide the gulf could be between the patient and the general practitioner:
The majority of the domains with which the KilA-N and Bro-N domains combine in multidomain proteins are restricted to proteins encoded by temperate bacteriophages and large eukaryotic DNA viruses (the exceptions are a few domains that are common in cellular proteomes, such as HTH, CCCH and RING finger).
Our initial goal was to estimate divergence times for the last common ancestor (LCA), the divergence between archaebacteria and eukaryotes (AK), cyanobacteria and closest eubacterial relatives (origin of cyanobacteria, BC), eubacteria and mitochondrial eukaryotes (origin of mitochondria, BK-m), and Giardia and other eukaryotes (GK) (Fig.
Note that these common names ( i.e., "mammals" or "mosses") do not appear in the common name field in the output for the sequence entries that are within the Mammalian or Bryophyta phylogenetic groups.
It is therefore likely that other substrates of Pop1p and Pop2p, in addition to their common substrates Cdc18p and Rum1p, do exist.
In the first dataset a list of nearly 200 genes and expressed sequence tags (ESTs) that constitutes the human macrophage 'common transcriptional program' induced upon bacterial infection [ 12] is analyzed.
The most common mode a cell uses to undergo apoptosis is the cysteine-aspartate specific protease (caspase) pathway.
Among those answering "probably" and "probably not", the most common contingency mentioned was the measures taken to contain/prevent transmission of the infection, followed by location of the patient relative to oneself.
Noise levels and safety risks make it impractical to take off in the middle of the street, but he believes that in the future vertiports could be as common as corner shops.
Of course, it is common these days for corporate CEOs to enjoy the perks, status, gratitude, and frisson of generosity that comes from giving away the stockholders' money.
Both widget and terminator are common English words--a widget is a `gadget, or gizmo,' in case you did not know--and they literally describe the function of the product, which is to remove pesky widgets, so you cannot claim them as your own or prevent others from using them.
With the inclusion of the suite of common morbidity outcomes (including chronic respiratory disease and hospitalizations for cardiovascular or respiratory disease), morbidity would likely dominate monetized health benefits in this scenario.
The Ig-related molecules have a diversity of functions, but in most cases the common denominator is a recognition at the cell surface [ 22].
These correlations can implicate common features of the environments while pointing to the regulatory systems that are activated in each situation.
But it's a difficult balance to strike when it's common for Americans to eat double the protein we need, with 70 percent of it coming from animal sources.
The most common question we get from reporters: “How long will it take for the Internet to completely replace physical retailing?”
Taken together, these two types of studies are largely consistent with the main conclusions of the present paper, that synergistic interactions do not generally dominate the fitness function and compensatory mutations are common.
Since animals are so common, they are often used in metaphorically formed words.
A second prediction from random graph theory is that the common structures should percolate through sequence space.
An older black secretary and a rich white airhead, many reporters and pundits have glibly conjectured, couldn't have enough in common to be close.
In many of the common Sanskrit prayers a brahman is invoked or imprecated along with the gods.
Hush puppies and hoe cakes were also terms sure to attact attention fifty years ago, but are now in common use.
In Florida, Texas, and New Mexico, "Hispanic" is more common.
A 1996 report on "Physical Activity and Health" by the U.S. Surgeon General complains that "despite common knowledge that exercise is healthful, more than 60 percent of American adults are not regularly active, and 25 percent of the adult population are not active at all."
The most common gram-positive organism isolated from the blood stream of patients with HIV infection is S pneumoniae , and the most common gram-negative organism is E coli . The APACHE II score of patients with blood stream infection is higher than that of patients without blood stream infection.
Perhaps the better conceit than credibility is consistency . The consistent Israeli policy, for instance, of not giving concessions to terrorists is widely acknowledged to have stymied the once common hijackings and other acts of terror directed against Israel.
The premise that subtraction of the MM from PM essentially serves to extract constructively the nonspecific components (cross-hybridization, noise, and so on) of the signal common to both should be reconsidered in the light of the results obtained in this study.
Passive leg elevation (PLE) is a common manoeuvre performed to prepare the sterile field in several surgical specialities (coronary surgery, vascular and orthopaedic surgery), to facilitate surgical exposure (gynaecologic and urologic surgery) or to treat acute hypotension.
The words are not unrelated and they have not been selected at random, for they all have one thing very much in common, namely, they are all Hindi loanwords.
The chief economist of the World Bank's East Asian desk authored a 1993 book downplaying the presence of industrial policy in the region, while a concluded that "rapid growth in each economy was primarily due to the application of a set of common, market-friendly economic policies."
The subjects of the romance were not the doings of the common folk, but rather of those in the higher classes or in military office.
Deganawidah was the name of the chief of the Iroquois Federation, and after the college was given his name, it was learned there was a common belief that the name could not be mentioned publicly.
We developed performance measures that met several or all of the following criteria: the disease or condition was relatively common and potentially severe; a clinical service that could affect the health outcome of the patient was identifiable; the performance of the indicated service depended in part on the role of a physician or health system and not only on the patient; service performance was potentially subject to financial incentives; it was possible from other research to assume that the indicated service would on average improve outcome; and data to construct the indicator were currently or potentially available.
America's next president has much in common with Britain's next prime minister.
Milagros are made out of wood, wax, or bone, but the most common material is silver or a silverlike metal, and they are usually very tiny objects, about one inch in diameter.
Had it remained a traditional book, there would have been a strong case for listing separately the hundreds of names that consist of a personal name and common place-name element.
