It's clear that if we don't increase our base of private funding, we won't have the kind of control we need to ensure the continued success of our centers and the very important services they offer.
As J. Monod properly emphasized three decades ago in a slightly dierent context concerning activation and inhibition of enzymes at allosteric sites on the enzyme that are distant from the catalytic site, the relation of chemical structures that achieve control of catalysis are utterly arbitrary with respect to the chemical structures that undergo the catalysis.
In short, chemistry allows arbitrary organizations of control relations.
You are not responsible for acts and eects beyond your control.
Offutt Air Force Base in Nebraska was chosen because of its elaborate command and control facilities, and because it could accommodate overnight lodging for 50 persons.
The paper took it as a given that Bin Ladin would continue to act against the United States even while under Taliban control.
They held sway over islands off the northern Greek coast, but the Phoenicians kept control of the main sea routes; south of the area, trade continued as usual.
While Byzantine land was being divided, there was no one in control of the seas, so pirates raided towns on many of the islands.
The Genoese took control of the eastern Aegean Islands, which were considered the most valuable for agriculture and trade.
After they lost Jerusalem, a Mongol invasion swept through, and in 1244 the Mameluke dynasty of Egypt took control, ruling Jerusalem for the next 250 years.
Jerusalem fell to the Ottomans in 1517, remaining under their control for 400 years.
As a result of armistice agreements in 1949, Jerusalem was divided: West Jerusalem was to be under Israeli control, and East Jerusalem (including the Old City, with its Jewish, Muslim, Christian, and Armenian quarters) came under Jordanian authority.
To the right was the Main Control building, where the computers where maintained and supervised.
No, I couldn't lose control.
He already told me: I have no control.
Fame, you are getting out of control.
It wasn’t descending with control, but falling.
He can’t help but give up control.
Control hybridizations using a sense strand Gad1 probe were also performed.
To the greatest extent possible, California should shift control over interconnection away from th e utility and place that control with the California ISO.
To the greatest extent possible, California should shift control over interconnection away from th e utility and place that control with the California ISO.
We recommend that the State of California provide rebates directly to customers to fund the installation of advanced metering and control systems that would support load curtailment implementation.
Indeed, Bush has already made clear his intention to roll back one of the most important of these regulations, a provision known as new source review that compels utilities to install modern pollution controls whenever they significantly upgrade older plants.
Never mind that in a regime that is controlled by warlords, it does not matter who is authorized to distribute the aid -- the ruling regional warlords will seize control of it and use it to their own advantage.
Critics fail to credit Moore with not making the same mistake that some gun control advocates make -- concluding that gun ownership "leads" to violence.
The gun control movement, on the other hand, distracts from the real causes of violence -- poverty, paranoia, the "war on drugs" and antisexuality.
As a partial control for the problem of imprecise sensing, a function will perform an analysis of the array information coming on from Antie’s four sensors on each stalk.
One of the most prominent, lasting influences is that of the land grant system. Initially the Spanish government attempted to instate the encomienda system, in which a conquistador maintained direct control over the indigenous peoples and their land.
This was in turn replaced by the repartimento; the natives were allowed to maintain control over their land and their laws but remained in every way the inferior of the Spanish, providing labor and taxes as demanded.
All the methods built off the idea that you are in control: anger is an emotion, and you can change your emotions.
Effects of Lay Theories of Self-Control on Setting and Keeping Resolutions.
She reached for another dial on the house controls.
The controls of the capturador were more complex than those of a kitchen model, but I recognized the unstop tab.
Nevertheless, anomalous reaches that are not related to artificial controls, tributary influences, lithologic change, or paleotectonics may reasonably be assumed to be the result of active tectonics until proved otherwise.
At a very basic level agency is about control and communion is about co-operation.
In the name of “wolf control,” wolf killers will predictably once again use aircraft to hunt wolves to the point of exhaustion, so that the wolves have, literally, no chance of survival.
Every decaying city in America has D's firmly in control, and has forever.
They try to exert some sort of control over it's meaning by elevating it to a level that makes it untouchable.
But in order to regain some control over their lives that they firmly believe they've lost, they're now trying to determine, with unwavering certainty, that we've all been doing this wrong the whole time and if we just get back to what the founders wanted, everything will be ok.
We are concerned that S. 556's short timeframes for installation of controls could lead power plants to be taken off-line at important times, which could lead to electricity shortages.
EPA is obligated by a settlement agreement to issue by the end of 2004 a Maximum Achievable Control Technology (MACT) standard to require source-specific controls of mercury and other hazardous air pollutants from electric utilities.
EPA is obligated by a settlement agreement to issue by the end of 2004 a Maximum Achievable Control Technology (MACT) standard to require source-specific controls of mercury and other hazardous air pollutants from electric utilities.
Additionally, states know that if they do not get the reductions from power generators, they will have to impose significant reduction requirements on other local industrial and commercial sources or impose local transportation control measures.
Since states now know that EPA has authority to address transport pollution through responses to 126 petitions or by issuing a rule like the NOx SIP Call, we anticipate that states will be turning to these types of control approaches early in the SIP process.
With most plants needing to install control equipment to meet these requirements, it is likely that this approach would lead to installation of controls that become obsolete and stranded capital investments as additional requirements are promulgated.
With most plants needing to install control equipment to meet these requirements, it is likely that this approach would lead to installation of controls that become obsolete and stranded capital investments as additional requirements are promulgated.
The savings come from the opportunity to make cost-effective plant investment and retirement decisions with full knowledge of upcoming SO2, NOx and mercury requirements, rather than investing in "add-on" control equipment to meet the requirements of each regulation.
Strategies and technologies for the control of SO2, NOx and mercury emissions exist now, and improved methods are expected to become available over the next several years.
The air pollution control and monitoring technology industry is expected to continue to respond with cost-effective compliance solutions just as they have done for the past 30 years.
We do not believe it is reasonable to expect all the control technology installations to be completed in that time frame without very high costs and electricity reliability problems.
Reliability problems could arise as large amounts of capacity are taken out of service for extended periods of time to install the control equipment necessary to meet the emissions reduction requirements.
The 90% source-specific control for mercury is also problematic.
We have not seen anything that demonstrates that every coal-fired power plant would be able to achieve 90% source-specific controls for mercury by 2007, without considerable fuel switching, which would be very disruptive to our economy and undermine energy security.
all for the sake of protecting wholesaler profits by giving them unprecedented control and influence over the entire American alcohol industry.
Over the past 10 years,more than 25 states have faced challenges in federal courts to their authority to regulate alcohol and their ability to maintain a licensed system of alcohol controls.
Even in the wake of successful suits that challenged the protectionist laws that wholesalers originally pushed, the state retained extraordinarily broad authority to maintain a robust system of alcohol controls.
Since I live in Texas Ill have to resort to buying O'Douls and Welchs grape juice after the Baptists take control of the law in the State legislature.
That, combined with the formation of the Nevada Gaming Control Board, would signal the beginning of the end for heavy mob influence in the city.
TGI Friday's completely lost control of the page and eventually doled out a lot of free burgers.
It turns out that the submarine crew was trying to load Microsoft Windows on their fire control computer.
Captain: Is the new fire control Windows OS installed yet?
Now click on the fire control icon and let us see how this works.
another long pause] Captain: Why does the fire control screen have a dancing paper clip on it?
Outlook Express Fire Control has performed an illegal operation and will be shut down.
I'm instructing the task manager to shut down Outlook Fire Control.
another long pause] Seaman: The task manager says that Outlook Fire Control is not responding.
Birth Control Pill Sadie: Doctor, write for me a prescription for birth control pills.
Doctor: But those were birth control pills, not sleeping pills.
The Remote Control - Overcoming Your Dependency 24.
Why do you press harder on the buttons of a remote control when you know the batteries are dead?
Thank you, Ian, for teaching me that there are some things Man cannot control.
I've suggested that as a first pass the charset should only be settable in the system config file, and that the charset always be coerced to US-ASCII unless the text contains 8-bit characters and/or has ``funny'' control characters such as ESC or SI/SO.
I've suggested that as a first pass the charset should only be settable > in the system config file, and that the charset always be coerced to US-ASCII > unless the text contains 8-bit characters and/or has ``funny'' control > characters such as ESC or SI/SO.
o control over font size
The control panel for the html-math plug-in would allow the user to set the font size to be used in these contexts.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
If the USWA supported the efforts to revive the mills and encouraged worker control and ownership of the factories, then the government (and potentially other important people and institutions as well) might begin to think that the UWSA leaders were encouraging socialism.
After all, most of the rules that govern building design—fire codes, building codes, zoning laws, budgets, programmatic requirements, engineering norms—are outside the architect’s control; stylistic rules are firmly within his purview.
After all that – so near the end, to lose control again.
You lose control of your typeface once it is released into the world.
just send me a message if you want a copy :) wrapping presents like a madwoman and the film control is awesome Every day is one day closer to freedom!
It's control.
At the upper terminus there is a four-level shopping center, the Peak Galleria, and the Peak Tower, which resembles an airport control tower and has shops, entertainment, and restaurants.
The study was only able to enroll non-sexual contacts for each category of controls.
There were statistically significant differences between post-treatment patient samples and controls in the 0-1 and 2-5 age groups for EBV VCA IgG and in all age groups for CMV IgG demonstrating higher seropositivity in patients than in controls.
The tone of the amendment remains deferential to the states’ control of the electoral process, even for national office.
, significantly different from the control) if the relative difference from the control is less than the lower PMSD bounds in Table 6. See USEPA, 2000b for specific examples of implementing lower PMSD bounds.
0%, 1.00%, and 0.100%, and a control, for 8-24 h.
These 24 students had been randomly assigned to a sequence of rotations that placed both their Internal Medicine and Family Medicine rotations in the latter part of the year, and thus the control group contains more missing data.
Several agencies asked whether certain changes to their existing payment process complied with the internal control requirements of Title 7. At the time of the request, their procedures required the verification of receipt and acceptance prior to authorization of payment.
The effect of lactacystin is specific, since the control reporter gene β-Gal was not inhibited by lactacystin (data not shown).
Similarly, olanzapine significantly decreased the amplitude of high frequency oscillations (HFO) from a control value of 1.6 (±0.
The NYT goes a little further than the others in describing the meat regulatory system, pointing out that, concerned by problems of contamination, Agriculture officials have recently approved a new more stringent system of controls, but adding that the new system is not scheduled to be in place anywhere until early next year, and not at the Hudson plant until 1999.
"The income tax is a form of tax that was advocated by Marx and Lenin because it cedes in principle to the government control of EVERY LAST DOLLAR that is made or earned in income," he bellowed, walking to the edge of the stage.
5. Such precise control of the shapes and sizes of areas/regions of genetically engineered cells would be very difficult to achieve with free viral vectors, which can diffuse freely in solution.
Case 1: Inventory Control at a Men’s Coat Manufacturer
We propose that frequent p27 downregulation in prostate cancer may be caused by SKP2 overexpression thus enabling escape from normal androgen control.
More specifically, it should be determined whether there is a statistically significant difference in the frequency of individual or clustered SNP haplotypes between the patient and the control populations.
The LAT cites as his principal accomplishments, a downtown building boom, the 1984 Olympics success, creating coalitions between blacks and Jews and labor and management, with an accompanying racial peace lasting most of his tenure, and establishing civilian control over the LAPD.
Using media release of BrdU-labeled DNA fragments as an index of early stage necrosis, it was noted that DPPH (3 μM) did not raise rates of necrosis above that evident in untreated control AGS cells (Table 4).
These analyses provide estimates and confidence intervals of the odds ratios of seroprevalence for pre-treatment cases versus controls adjusting for age.
Participants in the upper quartile of GLSCF consumption were later re-contacted and asked to donate blood as were controls matched by geographic region and age to the high GLSCF consumers (approximately 48% and 30% response rates, respectively).
The general says his plane had only seven minutes of fuel left when the military commandeered the control tower and cleared the commercial airliner to land.
Delivery of intracellular modulators for therapeutic angiogenesis, including transcription factors that control angiogenesis such as hypoxia inducible factor-1 alpha (HIF-1α), is only possible through gene therapy.
Pooled liver controls were evaluated in duplicate on the Affymetrix probe array cartridge to estimate experimental variation in gene chip hybridization, as previously described in detail [ 27 ] .
Controls were identified and implemented to address specific business risks.
In each case, the amplitude of the potentiated twitch DT expressed relative to a control twitch (P t */P t ) was proportional to sarcomere length, with a negative slope.
Under the same conditions, levels of total ERK1/2 (panel B), eIF4E (panel C), a downstream effector of ERK1/ERK2, and actin (panel E) showed no substantial change at all time points assayed, in control cells.
Russia gained control of the largely Muslim nation in 1859.
8, showing that while syncytia occurred in all three control cells untreated with the siRNA, there were no syncytia in the profilin-depleted cells.
LPS treatment also had no effect on the transepithelial permeability of these cells for up to 24 hours as measured by 3H-mannitol diffusion experiments when compared to controls (data not shown).
0-fold change in IC 50 (determined by VIRCOGEN™ [Tibotec-Virco NV, Mechelen, Belgium], a virtual phenotype assay) in comparison to the control virus.
The procedure consists of an analysis of variance (ANOVA) to determine the error term, which is then used in a multiple comparison procedure for comparing each of the treatment means with the control mean, in a series of paired tests (see Appendix C).
The general pattern of germ cells undergoing apoptosis in ABP-TG mice was similar; however, the total number of germ cells undergoing apoptosis in ABP-TG mice was consistently higher than in controls on Days 21, 30 and 60, respectively (the increase was statistically significant on Days 21 and 30).
Another viral vector, pAd-GFP, which carries the GFP gene only under the control of the CMV promoter, was generated and used as a control vector.
Specimens were then transferred to room temperature, extensively washed in freshly prepared PBS, pH 7.22, and incubated 20 minutes with swine anti-mouse IgG peroxidase conjugate (SwAM; SEVAC Praha, Prague, Czech Republic) diluted 1:20, and preabsorbed with rat kidney homogenate to remove nonspecific background [ 46 ] . Control slides were similarly processed, but primary antibody was replaced with PBS.
On the Left, the Guardian said the Russian military "seems ever closer to being out of control" and that its behavior in Kosovo is "proof that there is no longer one government in that vast country, but rather several, held in loose, often hostile connection to each other."
Public Health Bioterrorism: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Role in Public Health Protection (
Likewise, in his speech, he avoided the phrase "birth control," which connotes hostility to kids and families.
Further, we use Wilcoxon test and stepwise discriminant analysis on a training subset consisting of 80 cancer patients and 45 controls, randomly chosen from the original data set, to develop rules to classify a test set consisting of the remaining cancer and control subjects.
"The Caribbean Community (Caricom), a 15-member regional trade group, said at the weekend that its members were reconsidering the drug control pact and would also not honour several economic treaties because of Washington's decision to impose sanctions on European imports," the FT said.
The combined frequencies of these three latter haplotypes were 0.0411 in index patients and 0.0126 in control subjects ( p < 0.0002 "uncorrected" and p = 0.0166 "corrected").
The "No C/EBP" cells represent an internal control for cells not expressing C/EBPα collected simultaneously with cells expressing C/EBPα.
Control of gene expression is central to all cellular processes.
The situation in the utricle, saccule and cochlea is less clear as both BDNF and NT-3 are expressed [ 6 7 ] . In fact, it appears that the levels of NT-3 expression hardly differ from those in control littermates (Figs.
Turning to the recovery period, within 1-2 days after cessation of IL-1 exposure the GAG release rates dropped to levels comparable with those of control samples.
For this analysis group (patients or controls), age (as a continuous variable), and the interaction of age and group were the independent measures.
In my opinion the imposition of price-and-wage controls was President Nixon's one serious economic-policy mistake.
The cultured cells were subsequently exposed to fresh serum-free media and pretreated for 30-60 minutes with either control media that contained the vehicle for the inhibitors (dimethyl sulphoxide) or with media that contained wortmannin (5-200 nM), LY294002 (2-50 μM), rapamycin (1-100 nM), or PD98059 (2.
Of the approximately 200 non-receipted outlets visited, 20 (10%) did not have anti-malarials in stock, 38 (19%) had received job aids and were labeled informed outlets and 142 (72%) never received job aids and were labeled controls.
Rats in INT photoperiod treatment from the time of weaning exhibited an initial period of lower body weight relative to LD controls during the first third of the experiment (measurements in weeks 2-14; P < 0.0001, F = 20.
Extensive controls lead us to believe that the RNAseH active site is most probably "substrate committed" in a manner similar to the "template commitment" of the reverse transcriptase activity.
At periodic time points, a sample was taken and leukocytes were purified by dextran sedimentation, fixed, permeabilized, and then stained with either anti-TTP or control antibody.
The cover story warns of the growing power of Mexican drug gangs, which now control 70 percent of the U.S. cocaine trade, and whose intimidating tactics and bribes have all but paralyzed the Mexican government.
As programs change and as agencies strive to improve operational processes and implement new technological developments, management must continually assess and evaluate its internal control to assure that the control activities being used are effective and updated when necessary.
Miscellany: Ralph Nader is launching a campaign against Microsoft , alleging "a strange type of monopolistic practice" that controls "content and innovation" rather than price.
By 1674, when Louis XIV took formal control of the islands from the debt-ridden commercial administrators, Martinique had become France’s colonial capital in the Lesser Antilles.
PART E- NATIONAL EMISSION STANDARDS; RESEARCH; ENVIRONMENTAL ACCOUNTABILITY; MAJOR SOURCE PRECONSTRUCTION REVIEW AND BEST AVAILABLE RETROFIT CONTROL TECHNOLOGY REQUIREMENTS.
Nobody wants an out of control president.
There are two broad groupings of information systems control - general control and application control.
The main conclusion from these studies is that BG-1 clones with reduced levels of BRCA1 protein have a survival advantage over controls in the absence of estrogen both in vitro and in vivo.
Business or program managers are also in the best position to determine how security controls may impair their operations.
Tartar control toothpastes (Crest Tartar Control, Colgate Tartar Control With Micro-Cleaning Crystals) feature an ingredient called tetrasodium pyrophosphate.
There are no happy accidents in a Mike Nichols film--the man is too slick, too in control of what he does to let real life bleed through.
Cells isolated from control animals showed significant apoptosis as demonstrated by increased Annexin V binding (Fig.
He started selling records out of his own car, and he hasn't relinquished control of anything yet.
McDonald acquired control of the Harlem facility, widely considered one of the most dangerous and disorganized in the city, when the city turned over the shelter system to nonprofit providers.
Selection of cases and controls
Internal controls (reporting on.
Think of it this way: Imagine that several cities, all suffering housing shortages because of rent control, agree to make it easier for landlords in one city to own buildings in another.
2a) compared with the nonarthritic control joints.
The PBMC and purified CD8 +T cells from eight donors and seven control donors were incubated for 66 hrs, and the media examined by ELISA.
Thus, negative control of the cell cycle as a function of cell density was dominant to the activity of Tag.
The USAT off-lead and the top story in the Wall Street Journal business news index is that later this week, on the heels of a spate of problems with Boeing airliners, the FAA will start a thorough safety inspection of the company's manufacturing plants, focusing on quality control procedures.
When calculated on the basis of area occupied by each fiber type, the difference between emphysema and control did not reach significance even for the IIb antibody ( P = 0.06).
Correction for multiple testing involved control of the proportion of false positives using an FDR method [ 48 ] . This method has increased power over Bonferroni-type methods.
The Indian and Pakistani nuclear weapons are, the paper observes, probably, like the U.S. and Soviet programs of the 50s and 60s, quite unsafe--vulnerable to both physical mishaps and command and control mistakes.
For example, internal controls over expenditure data met the control objectives for aggregating and reporting this information on the financial statements; however, they did not meet the objectives for calculating perunitcost efficiency measures required for performance management.
controls, if available, (2) estimate cancer fatality rates after cancer detection, and (3) combine these estimates to estimate the reduction in population cancer mortality associated with periodic cancer screening.
These tools are (1) a quality concept that uses statistical process control to bring critical manufacturing processes under control so they are repeatable, sustainable, and consistently producing parts within the quality tolerances and standards of the product and (2) product tests in operational conditions that ensure the system would meet reliability goals-the ability to work without failure or need of maintenance for predictable intervals.
However, data points on the right of the diagonal in figures 2Dand 2Ealso show that for a fractional set of target-probe pairs, substitution with MeC and MeU increased hybridization signal relative to the unmodified control.
Specifically, in the payment processing area, agencies have redesigned or improved existing systems and have formally requested GAO's views on the quality of internal control designed into the new or modified systems.
We did not object to the implementation of the agency's proposal so long as procedures were implemented to verify that authorized trips were actually taken by employees prior to payment authorization and that for the first year the system was operational, assessment of internal control in the system was emphasized during the annual FMFIA review.
Pinochet's speech "tried to justify his decision to seize control of Chile."
According to EPA, these regulations and other actions taken by EPA substantially harmonize federal and California motor vehicle standards, and once a manufacturer opts into the program, enforcement would be the same as any other federal motor vehicle pollution control program.
First, it represents an evolutionarily conserved pathway that probably has important functions in the regulation of gene expression and the control of transposable elements.
The current approach is inefficient and ineffective, imposing unnecessarily high costs due to: (1) stranded capital investments from the installation of controls that later become obsolete when additional requirements are promulgated; (2) reduced lead time for complying with those requirements; (3) limited or non-existent flexibility for emissions trading to allow cost-efficient control options; and (4) a reliance upon lengthy, expensive, and uncertain litigation to sort out regulatory ambiguity and compliance with the law.
Informed outlets scored significantly better than control outlets on seven out of ten questions, and slightly better or equivalent on the rest.
As an additional control, temperature measurements were taken from unmanipulated (non-injected) naïve mice.
In fact, they are relatively common, and have been happening at least a few times a year for more than a decade (the further back Centers for Disease Control and Prevention records go, the spottier they get).
The PMSD is the smallest percentage decrease in growth or reproduction from the control that could be determined as statistically significant in the test.
If the data are normally or nearly normally distributed, Dunnett's Procedure would be more sensitive (would detect smaller differences between the treatments and control).
RELIANCE ON INTERNAL CONTROLS IN A T&A SYSTEM
Transgenic mice have been extensively used to identify regulatory elements that control gene expression in vivo [ 20 21 ] . This has, in turn allowed the elucidation of regulatory networks that control cell differentiation during development.
Thus, we cultured E15 control, SN50-treated, and mSN50-treated explants in the presence of TNF (rTNF, 10 U/ml) supplementation for 4 or more days.
Consistent with previous findings, no GFAP positive cells could be detected in the spinal cord of either of the Lifr -/- untreated control animals.
This report evaluates the engineering and economic factors of installing air pollution control technologies to meet the requirements of multipollutant control strategies.
By comparison, the control genes actin and GAPDH showed 1.1 ± 0.1 and 1.3 ± 0.2-fold change, respectively.
Thus, patients with stroke will be compared with controls as to frequency and distribution of these polymorphisms.
Economists predict the country will soon benefit from its tight controls on inflation , which have stymied short-term growth.
With similar objectives in mind, the utility company had developed a streamlined risk assessment process that brought together business managers and technical experts to discuss risk factors and mitigating controls.
Performance should improve with experience, and the control limits for endpoints that are point estimates should gradually narrow.
The concentration and types of phytoestrogens in collected plasma samples were analyzed by gas-chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS), as previously performed in our laboratories [ 28 40 51 ] . This was accomplished by liquid-solid extraction and liquid-gel chromatographic techniques to isolate the phytoestrogen fractions using standard assay methods with internal controls [ 28 ] .
The BMI data were categorized according to the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) guidelines of 1988-1994 [ 8] and entered systematically onto a spreadsheet for purposes of primary analysis.
The expected number of cases in the exposed population (for Poisson analyses) was calculated as the incidence rate (per year) determined from the pooled rate in controls (obtained as described above) multiplied by the duration of exposure (in years).
Section #3 was used as a negative control without primary antibody.
One was a second set of five normal male biopsies ages 5-12 yrs (controls 2a, 2b), and the third control set was three normal age-matched female biopsies ages 4-13 yrs (controls 3a, 3b) (Fig.
All three papers also front coverage of the fallout: increased scrutiny of day trading ( NYT , LAT , WP ) and renewed clamoring in the House for tighter gun control ( WP , reefered by the LAT ).
Data also show mononuclear phagocytes from NSCLC patients produce significantly more IL10 over 24 hr in primary culture than controls, consistent with reports of altered cytokine profiles of adherent mononuclear cells from breast cancer patients [ 29 ] . Although in vitro experiments suggest there could be a direct link between elevated plasma PGE-2 levels and increased IL10 production by adherent mononuclear cells in NSCLC, the measurements of patient samples do not support a simple causal relationship.
Cases will be compared with controls with respect to predictor variables of interest and with respect to genotypes that may provide increased risk for stroke.
All data from patient and control samples were preprocessed (background subtraction, differential intensities) using Affymetrix GeneChip software, and average differential intensity (ADI) was used for analysis.
Biological control is extended to a new host, N. glauca.
As one organization's security manager said, "Because every control has some cost associated with it, every control needs a business reason to be put in place."
8%) used random assignment between experimental and control groups while six (10.
The U.S. government relaxed export controls in 1988.
The organizations we studied had recognized that monitoring control effectiveness and compliance with policies is a key step in the cycle of managing information security.
Control limits for the NOECs will also be exceeded occasionally, regardless of how well a laboratory performs.
An important indicator of this is when critical manufacturing processes are in control and consistently producing items within quality standards and tolerances.
These Year 2000 conversion efforts are often conducted under severe time constraints that, without adequate management attention, could result in a weakening of controls over the integrity of data and programs and over the confidentiality of sensitive data.
However, it is important to recognize that strengthening information security requires a multifaceted approach and sometimes involves issues that are beyond the control of individual businesses and agencies.
The event might have worked slightly better if he had been given a mouse to flag questions he wanted to answer or a keyboard to send messages back to the control room.
This installation includes designing, fabricating, and installing the control technology.
The team masseur was caught on the border of France and Belgium last week in a car packed with drugs, and the team coach has since admitted to giving illegal drugs to his riders "to optimize performance under strict medical control."
The development of control technology alternatives to selective catalytic reduction (SCR) under the NOX State Implementation Plan (SIP) Call is another example of how alternative solutions may require fewer resources than the projected approach.
BMP-4 mRNA levels were also undetectable in the 0-time controls for both age groups (Fig.
Immunocomplexes from untransfected control and β-adrenergic-receptor transfected cells did not contain significant counts (Figure 6a, columns 1, 2).
Patients in the CM, LOH group had 5 year relapse-free survival, locoregional control and cause specific survival that were statistically indistinguishable from those in the CM, non LOH group (p > 0.2).
Although science is a discipline that prides itself on precision, quantification, standards, and controls, there is no absolute gold standard for the quality of scientific publications [ 14 ] . Only the two leading journals with the highest impact factor in the field of medical education (category: education, scientific disciplines) [ 12 ] were investigated in this study to introduce some quality assessment.
In keeping with this notion, regulatory elements, within the CD4 and CD8 promoters have been identified an characterized including the presence of cAMP regulatory elements binding (CREB) sites [ 35 ] . However it is also likely that the control of CD4 and CD8 expression and thus the selection of CD4 or CD8 lineage-committed cells may also be controlled by the differences in mRNA and protein stability.
In cases where the responses at the low toxicant concentrations are much higher than in the controls, the smoothing process may result in a large upward adjustment in the control mean.
However, control limits of ±2S, by definition, will be exceeded 5% of the time, regardless of how well a laboratory performs.
Patients and control subjects are screened at one of five clinical centers (Appendix 1 - Additional file: 1), stroke status is verified, the index stroke for each patient is subtyped, and baseline clinical and demographic data are collected.
Control oocytes were cultured in 7.5 μl DMSO per ml complete media and processed in the same manner as those exposed to MG-132.
In the 1999-2000 study, the control group was smaller (67 students).
The No C/EBP controls also indicated the extent to which green fluorescent, C/EBPα-expressing cells were distinguished from non-expressing cells by flow cytometry.
• Patients can use external sounds to exert some control over their tinnitus.
Control samples were rinsed in DPBS, drained, and fresh medium was added.
Bacterially produced, purified GST-CAF1 and control GST proteins were subjected to SDS-PAGE, transferred onto a membrane and probed with a 35S-methionine-labeled hCCR4 protein synthesized in vitro.
System software control includes control over the acquisition, implementation, and maintenance of all system software including the operating system, data-based management systems, telecommunications, security software, and utility programs.
As a positive control, all constructs were also plated on minimal media plates with thymine (MMT) and assayed for viability.
Serum levels of testosterone (double-antibody radioimmunoassay technique), estradiol-17β (E 2 ) (International CIS Sorin, Paris, France; double-antibody radioimmunoassay kit), follicle-stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, and prolactin (Diagnostic Products Co, Los Angeles, CA, USA; double-antibody radioimmunoassay kit) (in duplicate) were determined in patients and controls.
Because the various regulations, forms, and rules that are being amended by this rulemaking already possessed OMB control numbers, OMB did not assign new control numbers.
President Clinton proposed new federal gun control legislation . It would raise the legal age for handgun possession to 21, prohibit juvenile possession of semiautomatic weapons, require trigger locks, make parents criminally liable for "knowingly or recklessly" giving their kids access to guns used to kill or injure, and extend background checks to gun show patrons and people who try to buy explosives.
These activities may be grouped under the following phases of an implementation project: (1) conducting an engineering review of the facility and awarding a procurement contract; (2) obtaining a construction permit; (3) installing the control technology; and (4) obtaining an operating permit.
For this physical mapping, and also to be able to use these sequences to screen additional patient samples, primer pairs were designed for each sequence and tested by PCR on a positive control (human genomic DNA) and on two negative controls (Chinese hamster genomic DNA and no template).
The simplest explanation for our finding of weak but consistent functional imprinting of Tnfrh1 , with relative hyper-expression from the maternal allele, is that the KvDMR1 control element exerts distance-dependent effects.
UV treated distilled water without internal control was used as a negative control.
Vexed items Washington wants in and California wants out include mandated ride-share programs, pollution controls on restaurant char-broilers, and tougher regs on aerospace plants.
To build a foundation of control and accountability, senior executives could:
Age and body mass index were similar in patients and controls (mean ± standard deviation): respectively, age 25.
Some indication of the sensitivity of the analysis should be provided by calculating (1) the minimum difference between means that can be detected as statistically significant, and (2) the percent change from the control mean that this minimum difference represents for a given test.
Another possible explanation for the higher proportion of heterozygotes could be genotyping errors, although two independent investigators read the gels and at least 20% of the samples were repeated for quality control.
Only 30 percent supported Chirac's coalition in parliamentary elections, raising the prospect that a leftist alliance of Socialists, Communists, and Greens will take control in Sunday's runoffs.
The total amount of p44/42 MAPK was equal and remained level in control and insulin-treated cells at all time-points (Fig.
For experiments examining cytokine production and CD69 induction, a "response region" was defined for CD69 +cytokine +cells using a positive control such as SEB stimulation, on a CD4-gated dot plot.
For this reason, you may wish to buy CVS brand tartar control toothpaste (or a similar generic brand), which is fluoridated, has tartar control, and is every bit as effective as every other toothpaste save Colgate Total, yet costs significantly less than its flashier competitors.
A number of very simple properties of networks, involving connectivity of the network and simple biases on the Boolean functions, control which regime a network lies in.
The expected loss of density was seen at the growth plate in the untreated control and maternal adrenalectomy exposed Lifr -/- pups (Figure 1B,1D).
The Genoese took control of the eastern Aegean Islands, which were considered the most valuable for agriculture and trade.
Two patients and two controls from a family with an autosomal recessive form of familial ALS (ALS5) were analyzed for mutations in TMOD2.
The exclusion criteria for controls were the same as for cases.
Another way to detect such potential shortening of the probe sets is to compare the signals from the Affymetrix control probe sets.
The female SCD subjects were also matched for age with the controls.
He who defines the field controls it, in a manner of speaking.
In the potentiation of pentobarbitone sleep test, carbenoxolone significantly increased the sleeping time in mice at doses of 100, 200 and 300 mg/kg compared to controls dose dependently (Table 3).
Consequently, these officers must have valid and documented assurances that the systems and key controls on which they rely for authorizing payments are working as intended and remain intact and effective over time.
LNCaP cells were cultured in conditions of androgen deprivation for 48 hours, then exposed to 1 nM of the synthetic androgen R1881 or to ethanol control (0.
The basis for analyzing expression patterns is the assumption that genes under common transcriptional control are involved in similar processes [ 1, 11].
gained control of policy" and saved the world.
The same kind of tension exists in The Apostle , but these are Duvall's people, and here he seems fully in control of our responses.
M6P/IGF2R loss of heterozygosity was associated with significant reductions in 5 year relapse-free survival {37% (95% CI: 20% to 54%) vs. 65% (95% CI: 46% to 84%); p = 0.05}, locoregional control {46% (95% CI: 28% to 64%) vs. 76% (95% CI: 58% to 94%); p = 0.03} and a non-significant reduction in cause-specific survival {43% (95% CI: 25% to 61%) vs. 69% (95% CI: 49% to 89%); p = 0.1}.
Isolation and treatment of PBMC were performed by following the guidelines of the Centers for Disease Control.
To measure the extent to which the energy calculation implemented in ArrayOligoSelector matches reality, we have plotted in Figure 3the calculated energy of the 100 control oligos shown in Figure 4and their relative intensities of hybridization.
Only FEF 50% and FEF 25% discriminated asymptomatic asthmatics from the healthy controls.
For both control and iron deficient groups, the response to norepinephrine is to increase contractility in the absence of chronotropic increases.
There is general agreement that the value to an individual of a reduction in mortality risk can vary based on several factors, including the age of the individual, the type of risk, the level of control the individual has over the risk, the individual's attitudes towards risk, and the health status of the individual.
For example, while the university did not develop data on the actual cost of incidents, such as the cost of recovering from virus infections, the database could be used to compile such information, which would be useful in measuring the cost of security lapses and in determining how much to spend on controls to reduce such lapses.
For example, a 30-day supply of limestone to feed a 500 MWe FGD system (95 percent control efficiency, 85 percent capacity, 4 percent sulfur coal) will require approximately 40 by 40 m (120 by 120 foot) storage area to handle approximately 23,000 tons of limestone.
Rabbit sera obtained prior to any injection were utilized as negative controls.
It all seems unpleasant and slightly absurd--the night guard is "an excellent form of birth control," as one wearer puts it--but the alternative is losing your teeth at 40, getting dentures, and gumming your food.
To assess the effect of CPT on production of other extracellular matrix proteins, the effect on elastin was measured by ELISA: no effect was found in either SSc or control fibroblasts (Fig.
number of SDs from the mean of the controls).
Thus, H 2 O displacement lung volumes were increased by 35% in emphysematous animals over controls.
Such a border would be easy to fortify and control.
Moreover, systems could be designed and operated to contain specific control mechanisms to prevent payment authorization either manually or in an automated environment prior to confirmation of receipt and acceptance.
Whereas slight deviations in test conditions may not invalidate an individual test result, test condition deviations that continue to occur frequently in a given laboratory may indicate the need for improved quality control in that laboratory.
Also, carbenoxolone in doses of 100, 200 and 300 mg/kg decreased the latency compared to controls dose dependently and this effect was statistically significant (Table 3).
However, the mean deviation of neurites from an orientation parallel to the longitudinal axis of the corpus callosum from neurons that had been preincubated with NGF was significantly greater than that of control neurons (Fig.
The criteria in paper 1 addressed the subject and control treatments.
They also captured knowledge that a product was ready to begin production (exiting the demonstration phase) as demonstrated by proof that critical processes were in control and product reliability was achievable.
General Control
Thereafter, the Legation Quarter exercised complete control over its own affairs, becoming its own foreign city within the city of Beijing.
For controls, each sample, approximately 1 × 10 6cells was processed for cell sorting.
core city special situa- projectual cyclic group tion psychedeli- death control speed freak cize, v. dunk shot surfer's knot quadriphon- eye doctor teaching ma- ics fly-cruise chine quantized, fractional or- T-time adj.
Peripheral blood was obtained from patients with RA, systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), and healthy control individuals following Drexel University Institutional Review Board approval and obtaining informed consent.
The only differences were noticed for HHV-6 in the 0-1 and 2-5 age groups where patients had lower IgG seropositivity then the controls.
Based on previous findings it was predicted that youth who practiced TM would exhibit greater decreases in school absenteeism, rule infractions, and days suspended from pre-test to 4 month post-test than controls.
Remaining piece of membrane was processed with control staining (blocking reagent overnight at 4°C on an orbital shaker, followed by secondary antibody).
No information will be collected and no party need respond until the collections are approved by the Office of Management and Budget and a control number is issued.
This is in considerable contrast to other evaluation methods, where control and comparison groups are used subtractively to rule out other reasons for a finding and establish firm attribution.
Further, we show that this region contains an Ets binding site that regulates CD5 transcription, two previously unrecognized regions that also control CD5 expression, one of which is responsible for controlling basal expression of the promoter.
However, a combination of fold and significant difference was found to maximize the difference between control vs. control and control vs. experimental array comparisons.
Where there is a modification of the existing affected unit (which is defined as a change that will result in an increase in the hourly emissions of a pollutant at the unit's maximum capacity), the unit must comply with either best available control technology (BACT) for that pollutant or the performance standards for nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, mercury, and particulate matter under Section 481.
At higher concentrations, the MESF value for the control sera increased concordantly, indicating nonspecific binding.
Both studies had approximately an 80% chance of detecting a 20% absolute difference between the intervention and control groups [ 11 ] .
On firearms and campaign finance, he defined reform as government control.
8B, though not statistically significant, a 2 hour stimulation with increasing concentrations of domoic acid and PMA [1 μM], reduced O 2 - generation from 6 hours LPS-pretreated microglia: 4.16 ± 0.58 nmoles/2 hours (domoic acid [1 mM] + PMA [1 μM], n = 3) vs 6.5 ± 1.0 nmoles/2 hours (untreated controls, n = 3).
Exemption from Major Source Reconstruction Review Requirements and Best Available Retrofit Control Technology Requirements
If two or more consecutive tests do not fall within the control limits, the results must be explained and the reference toxicant test must be immediately repeated.
The GOP had its 1996 convention under far better control, but the fractures, made evident during the contentious primaries, were no less deep.
All effluent concentrations and the control(s) used in a test should have the same salinity.
The tumor burden of the untreated control group at the end of the study was ~146 mm 3. No reduction in tumor burden was observed following adoptive transfer of non-transgenic splenocytes alone (132% of controls).
Like PP5, the control activity of Ppt1p is low toward the commonly used artificial substrates such as 32P-casein and 32P-MBP compared to other PPP enzymes [ 18 ] . Thus, it is not clear whether the selective lipid stimulation of Ppt1p toward 32P-MBP reflects a substrate-directed effect, or whether 32P-casein is simply a poor substrate for Ppt1p.
The total number of spermatogonial cells undergoing apoptosis in control and ABP-TG mice remained unchanged until Day 14.
However, Figure 2Balso shows that full substitution of adenosine by DAP reduced the hybridization signals for many of the probes, generating a bowing towards the unmodified control condition and suggesting a duplex destabilizing effect of complete DAP substitution in certain sequence contexts [ 11 23 ] . On a global scale, such a high incidence of probes with reduced hybridization signals may limit the usefulness of the complete DAP substitution.
In the testes of ABP-TG mice, the total number of 4C cell population undergoing apoptosis was increased significantly (as compared to controls) on Days 21 and 30.
Activated ERK1 in S77A mutant cells was expressed at less than 10% of the levels found in G418 resistant control clones.

Both transcriptional and post-translational controls have been implicated in the operation of the Mitotic Exit Network and the regulation of the anaphase/telophase -> G1 transition [ 40 7 19 41 ] . To address whether the portion of the MEN that acts downstream of CDC15 can trigger a key aspect of the anaphase/telophase -> G1 transition (i.e.
Following public comment, the Title V operating permit is not made final until compliance testing on the control device is completed.
3, top panel) and as a control for the effects of adeno-RGS3 on GnRH-stimulated LH secretion (Fig.
In the healthy control group, 39 ± 5.8% CD45RA +CD62L +naïve cells, 9 ± 1.3% CD45RA -CD62L +central memory, 23 ± 3.4% CD45RA -CD62L -effector memory, and 29 ± 5.2% CD45RA +CD62L -terminally differentiated effector memory CD8 +T cells were found ( n = 12; Fig.
The owner or operator shall provide a description of the control technology.
After a 24 h treatment with 0.3 μM norepinephrine, the wild-type receptor down-regulated to 65 ± 10 % of control (p < 0.05; n = 7).
Positive control DNA was derived from parasites obtained from microfilaria infected individuals.
For information security, as with other types of internal controls, these views and requirements generally flow directly from risk considerations, as illustrated in the management cycle depicted above.
Over the years, Smith said, he's helped clients with not only wills but also adoptions, divorces and even animal control cases. "
Innovative Control Technologies.
The fz pathway controls bristle polarity by regulating the orientation of the spindle for the first differentiative division of the sensory organ precursor cell [ 6 ] . The ommatidia of the compound eye also display a dramatic planar polarity that is under the control of the
Non-specific hybridization can be measured through the use of specificity controls on the microarray and addressed as a statistical problem [ 8 13 ] . The most common strategy in microarray experiments is to focus on fluorescent signal ratios in two-color competitive hybridization experiments.
Furazolidone was stopped afterday twenty-eight and the animals were randomized into three groups:one group did not receive carvedilol treatment, DCM 0 (n= 52), whereas the other two groups, DCM 1 (n = 19) andDCM 20 (n = 20), were treated with carvedilol in the samedosages as respective aged-matched control animals (see following).Similarly, age matched control animals were randomized into threegroups: one group received no pharmacological agent (Con 0 .n = 13), whereas the other two groups received different dosagesof carvedilol, 1 mg/kg (Con 1 n = 11) or 20 mg/kg bodyweight (Con 20 n = 10).
These controls will usually include (1) certain general controls, such as logical access and control of changes to the data, and (2) the application controls that help to ensure that the data are accurate and complete, as well as authorized.
Starting menarche at age 11 years or earlier is considered an established breast cancer risk factor, and starting menarche at age 15 years or older is considered an established protective factor [ 12 ] . In the present study, cases were somewhat less likely than controls to start menarche at age 15 years or older, but cases were not more likely than controls to have early menarche.
Security was not viewed as an end in itself, but as a set of policies and related controls designed to support business operations, much like other types of internal controls.
For this reason, the width of the control limits should be considered in determining whether or not a reference toxicant test result falls "well" outside the expected range.
In response, the Commission emphasized that the rule would only apply to public utilities that own, operate, or control transmission facilities subject to the Commission's jurisdiction.
Next year's millennial mat: A dolphin and his lawyer sit at the controls of an atomic monorail filled with Latin American millionaires throwing oranges at the ghost of Jackie Gleason as he flees inside the Fontainbleu Hotel.
"The instruments for the control of the evil of nuclear proliferation must be effective," it said.
Although the decrease was of a similar level to the variation observed in 3 month old mice (see Figure 3), the IOPs of control young mice (see Methods) analyzed at the same times as the various B6 age groups did not decrease.
Specify if (and how) pH control measures were implemented
Colasanti and Sundaresan [ 11 ] proposed a role for the vasculature in the control of transport of signaling molecules between leaves and the shoot-apical meristem.
The papers agree that Monday in East Timor, anti-independence gangs took control, forcing the United Nations to evacuate half its staff, running off the region's Nobel Peace Prize-winning bishop, shooting up the Australian ambassador's residence, burning homes, and shooting and terrorizing the general populace.
In the second phase, the control technology is installed.
The genotype of each sample was determined automatically using a modified fuzzy c -means clustering algorithm [ 3 ] , which groups the data into three genotypes plus a negative control, and assigns a confidence level to each genotyping call from 0 (not in cluster) to 1 (100% certainty that point belongs to cluster).
In the control group, insulin significantly decreased SP-A mRNA levels to 57 ± 11% of control levels, however, in presence of 2 μM LY294002, insulin only decreased SP-A mRNA levels to 87 ± 15% of control levels versus 99 ± 3% of control levels in samples treated with LY294002 alone (mean ± SE, n = 4, n indicates the number of independent experiments).
Now his spin has spun out of control.
All cells exhibited staining for Thy-1 fibroblast differentiation protein, vimentin and alpha actin, and no staining with leukocyte common antigen antibody (negative control) - data not shown.
During meetings with these representatives, we obtained a detailed description of the processes and practices they believed necessary and vital to mature a product design and get manufacturing processes under control.
The costs associated with the emission limits in each scenario are computed as the increased expenditures on pollution control, investment in more efficient equipment and appliances, research and development, tax incentives, and additional government programs - all relative to the reference case.
13 mice can be exploited to perform transduction studies in which there is an hCARΔcyt negative population to serve as an internal control (Figure 5).
While bouts of grooming are coincident with flank marking, the selective inhibition of flank marking and not grooming by clomipramine and fluoxetine suggest the two behaviors employ different neuronal networks and neurochemical signals for their control.
(Islamic Azerbaijan lost control of the mostly Christian territory of Nagorno-Karabakh to Armenia earlier this decade.)
In a subsequent nested case-control study, stored serum samples from all cases of prostate cancer and a random sample of controls were tested for prostate-specific antigen (PSA).
There was no difference, however, in contractile properties between emphysema and control muscle in that study [ 11 ] .

 interviews several women about their experiences (one was raped, another used abortions as birth control).
For this physical mapping, and also to be able to use these sequences to screen additional patient samples, primer pairs were designed for each sequence and tested by PCR on a positive control (human genomic DNA) and on two negative controls (Chinese hamster genomic DNA and no template).
It would not always be possible to identify all relevant control conditions, but to the extent possible, the control conditions should be similar in both populations.
Additionally, GAO's FederalInformationSystemControlsAuditManualis now used by most major federal audit entities to evaluate computerrelated controls.
No rCBF voxels were found to be significantly greater in the control group compared to the Fabry group (data not shown).
The Federal Managers' Financial Integrity Act requires agency managers to annually evaluate their internal control systems and report to the President and the Congress any material weaknesses that could lead to fraud, waste, and abuse in government operations.
Physicians felt relatively unprepared to deal with underlying factors affecting primary prevention that they perceived to be outside their realm of control.
As a control, 4-HT treatment did not induce phosphorylation of cellular proteins in parental DT40 cells without Btk:ER (data not shown).
Significant differences between organism responses in culture water and dilution water controls could indicate toxicity in the dilution water and may suggest an alternative dilution water source.
Also, in case-control studies, it is usually observed that patients who had a recent adverse event are more likely to place greater emphasis (overestimate) on several factors related to the disease than the control group (recall bias).
And the party most likely to be blamed is the one that controls Congress.
Control dermal fibroblasts, from healthy donors matched for race, age, and gender with donors of SSc cell lines, were obtained by skin biopsy within several days of the SSc biopsy and were processed in parallel.
Relative normalized units were then compared between the experimental sample and its control.
While H 2 O 2 at 1.3 mM, 1.4 mM or 1.5 mM lowered the ARPE-19 viability to 64%, 46% or 28% of control, respectively; pretreatment of these cells with 1 μM 15d-PGJ 2 raised the viabilities to 95%, 84% or 68% of control, respectively (Fig.
As positive control, RT-PCR was performed using 1 μg of total RNA isolated from rabbit spleen (figure 8).
Patient profiles and characteristics are shown in Table 1. Age- and sex-matched healthy control groups were included for the RA and the SLE patient groups (control group for RA: n = 8, age range 32-61 years [mean 50 years]; and control group for SLE: n = 12, age range 22-61 years [mean 46 years]).
In the control situation (hybridization of unmodified cRNA), the hybridization intensity decreased as the number of mismatches increased, with two mismatches generally destabilizing the duplex sufficiently to reduce the hybridization signal to 0% of the parent signal.
The emperor renounced his divinity, and US forces took formal control of Japan.
Among these, RCED's review of the Department of Commerce implementation, to take one report, examined the actions Commerce took that were intended to improve internal controls, such as training senior financial analysts in evaluating applicants and borrowers in the troubled EDA business loan program and overhauling the way in which computer resources were used for the National Weather Service.
It is likely that some subunits have very specialized functions within the complex, while others are required for its broader activities such as control of cullin neddylation.
Of a total of 171 new cryptosporidiosis cases reported to the surveillance system, 26 (15%) were eligible and recruited for the study along with 62 age-matched controls.
SCR is the NOX control technology that is expected to have the greatest impact on future utility boiler NOX emissions and is the most difficult NOX control technology to install.
Gene frequencies corresponding to A*01 and A*02 were significantly lower in probands than in control subjects ( p = 0.0014, OR = 0.5 and p < 0.0001, OR = 0.5, respectively).
Experiments were next undertaken to extend the model to the control of PR-5 induction.
The median patient age was 66 and 65 years for the SU5416 treatment arm and control arm, respectively.
But the episode in Poland, called Polish October, exposed fissures in the Communist regime, and it served as the impetus for a slight relaxation of censorship, religious repression, and economic controls.
The WP reports that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention conducted a survey concluding that people living in neighborhoods they perceive to be unsafe are less likely than those living in safer areas to engage in physical activities like walking a dog or pushing a stroller.
At O'Hare Airport, for instance, American and United Airlines together control 87 percent of flights.
At a detection limit of 1 ng per gram of soil, DNA was absent from the control and the Beacon Valley soil, as were cultivable bacteria.
Supernatants obtained from PBMC exposed to IL-2 or OPTI-MEM (control) for 3 and 24 h were overlayed on confluent monolayers of HUVEC in T175 flasks (Falcon) at 37°C in 5% CO 2 for 3 h.
The argument is about the commons, not the ends; it is about the control that is enabled for those in the Internet we know now; and it is about the control that gets enabled because of the emergence of one kind of architecture of identity.
Nine cell lines derived from GCT have been previously described [ 8 ] . DNA and RNA isolated from four normal testes were used as controls.
In the present study, we found in our control group the same pattern of labelling seen by earlier studies in unoperated rats ( 10, 11, 12) suggesting that saline injection, at the level of the spinal cord, does not provoke a visible redistribution of the δ-opioid sites at the plasma membrane.
The values are expressed as percent of the mean control values ± S.E.M.
Controls were more likely than were cases to report citrus peel use (39.
The term "facility" means all buildings, structures, or installations located on one or moreadjacent properties under common control of the same person or persons.
And while Slavs did move into the area around 500, when the Bulgarian Empire conquered the Balkans, the Serbs didn't gain control of Kosovo until the 12 th century, when a dynasty of their leaders known as the Nemanjids invaded it after a period of Byzantine rule.
controls do not adequately reduce vulnerability to inappropriate disclosure.)
At the 12-month follow-up, the intervention group demonstrated an average reduction in drinking of 22 drinks per week compared with a reduction of 7 drinks per week for the control group.
When each eligible infant with cholestasis was enrolled, a preterm infant without cholestasis was matched for gestational age, birth weight, and severity of respiratory illness, and the parents' informed consent was requested to enroll, the infant as a control subject.
Adolescents were classified according to BMI; ≥ 85 thpercentile as overweight, and ≥ 95 thpercentile for age and sex as obese [ 29 30 31 32 ] . Recent workshops concluded that the BMI has been validated by studies on total body fat [ 32 ] . The standards used to identify overweight and obesity in children and adolescents should agree with the standards used to identify grade 1 and grade 2 overweight (BMI of 25 and 30, respectively) in adults [ 33 ] . Adolescents with a BMI < 85 thpercentile were classified as controls (Group 1), Group 2 were overweight (BMI > 85 thpercentile and < 95 thpercentile) and group 3 were obese (BMI ≥ 95 thpercentile).
No differences in transcript levels could be discerned between DHT treated and control cells in either normal foreskin fibroblasts or fibroblasts from AIS affected 46, XY females.
Western analysts now fear that the generals are using Chechnya to reassert control over national security and foreign policy.
17% following infection with S. aureus at a MOI of 75:1, corresponding to a greater than 2-fold increase over that of uninfected control osteoblast cultures.
Two images from two animals from all groups, control and treated, were randomly selected.
In short, chemistry allows arbitrary organizations of control relations.
Here, we have used PTH as a positive control [ 11 ] , and compared its effects to SVS.
Some participants believed that the existing inspection process could be improved by looking less at the accounting firms' internal systems for quality control and more at the quality of the judgments that were made by the auditors in conducting the audit.
Now, it turned out that just at the time that I went public with those views, Mahathir and his advisers were secretly working out a plan to impose capital controls as part of a recovery strategy.
Additionally, there were numerous ontological assignments for genes which suggested dietary LC-PUFA feeding affected cell cycle control including the following categories: "cytoskeleton, cell cycle control, and cell cycle regulator".
Four-power control of Berlin was agreed at Potsdam by Winston Churchill (replaced in mid-conference by Clement Attlee, his successor as Prime Minister), Harry Truman, and Joseph Stalin.
1 His-C (control) was mixed with 50 μl of serum-free RPMI (Roswell Park Memorial Institute) medium.
The lifespan assay appears to have a variability with control strains of approximately -5% to +5%, as seen in the data presented here and elsewhere (G.L.
An Analytical Framework for Capital Planning and Investment Control for Information Technology, U.S.
We should base the normalization only on probe values that belong to non-differentially expressed genes, but generally we do not know which genes are non-differentially expressed (control or housekeeping genes may also be variable across arrays).
4. "Malaysia finally lifted the capital controls it imposed in the wake of the drastic devaluation of its currency and the collapse of its economy last summer.
Both observers carried out independent counts on separately prepared sets of PB controls.
In parallel, the mixed DMD duplicate profiles were compared to a single pair of mixed control sample profiles (c1a, c1b), using the pairwise comparison survival method [ 23 ] . Briefly, four comparisons were done (DMD 1a versus control 1a; DMD1b versus control 1a; DMD 1a versus control 1b; DMD1b versus control 1b), and only those genes retained which showed >2-fold change in all four comparisons.
Pancreatic paraffin sections from five type 2 diabetic subjects and seven healthy controls were compared by immunohistochemistry for Ogg1.
However, this is a difficult positive control to get.
The change in diet gave the subjects motivation to take control of their symptoms, to overcome their disabilities and inactivity.
4± 8.5 per pancreas) and in the seven pancreata from normal controls: 306 (43.
As shown in Table 1, the activities of the modified luciferase proteins vary from 10% to 40% compared to the wild type pRSVL reporter, emphasizing the importance of this type of control.
9c) that closely matched the signal found in the control littermates (Fig.
The sequenced reference strain (#2004) was included with each experimental group as a control.
GB participated in the design of the study and contributed data on negative controls in kidney transplant group.
In addition, the stroke-free status of controls in ISGS and of discordant siblings in SWISS is verified using the same structured interview instrument (i.e.
The mRNA isolated from CD8 +T cells from 12 aged, 10 HIV +and 15 controls were purified and used in these studies.
For coating with antibodies, wells were first coated with protein A/G (1 μg/well) in 0.1 M Tris buffer, pH 8.8 for 2 h at 20°C, followed by mAb NC-1 or normal mouse IgG (= control wells) {1 μg/well; diluted in phosphate buffered saline (PBS)} for 1 h at 20°C.
"Arafat wants Pope John Paul II to use his March visit to Israel to affirm that the Vatican does not recognize Israeli control over East Jerusalem, which the Palestinians claim as the capital of their future independent state," Ha'aretz said.
Addition of U73343 10 min after MTX was the same as vehicle control, i.e., all the cells lyse by time 40 min.
For example, discrete enhancers that control embryonic expression of eve are contained within discrete CNCS clusters in the region 5' to eve (Figure 2).
Using two different RSV gene mRNAs as targets, and another NNR virus (VSV) as well as cellular mRNAs as controls, we show that synthetic dsRNA molecules are highly efficient and specific silencers of cytoplasmic RNA viral gene expression.
In this framework, these controls can and should be included in the dataset if performed with all sources of experimental error included in their preparation.
In BRCA1wt cells, the levels of full length DFF45 were 95% of control at 0.5 h, 40% of control at 1 h, and 22% of control at 1.5 h.
For example, at its limited production decision, it had only 44 percent of its critical manufacturing processes in control.
For each binding reaction, 5 μl of NFATp dephosphorylation reaction (or a mock treated control reaction) was added to 10 μl of nuclei slurry and allowed to incubate with gentle mixing for 10 min at room temperature.
- The owner or operator of an affected unit under subsection (a) may include in itssection 404 permit application and proposed compliance plan a proposal to reassign, in whole or in part, the affected unit's sulfur dioxide reduction requirements to any other unit(s) under the control of such owner or operator.
It is possible that these gene products are not translated, are otherwise inactive in the tissues where the transcripts appear abundant, or that their restricted expression is simply the result of their proximity to a transcriptional control element of a neighboring gene.
While the story cites maintenance and labor strife as contributing causes, it quotes one airline spokesman as saying that 90 percent of cancellations can be blamed on bad weather and air traffic control problems.
Western blots analyses demonstrate that the amounts of NR1, NR2A/B and β-actin are significantly increased in the retinae of rdta mice compared to their littermate controls.
Identification of the substrates for each CPK and their temporal and spatial expression will be needed for elucidating the pathways of Ca 2+control in plants.
The most frequently utilized services among the controls were carried out in the breast clinic (13%), dermatology clinic (12%), gastrointestinal clinic (15%), and sarcoma/melanoma clinic (15%).
The data were computed by repeated measures of analysis of variance followed by Dunnett multiple comparisons test, using the baseline values as controls.
In the same slice, tetanic stimulation delivered in control artificial cerebrospinal fluid (ACSF) induced typical γ oscillations, and these γ oscillations were abolished by addition of BMI to the perfusate.
For attainment areas, to prevent significant deterioration of our nation's air quality, new major sources and major modifications to existing sources must apply the best available control technology and ensure that the new pollution introduced into the environment does not adversely impact the air quality, such as in pristine areas like national parks.
, "Sulfur Dioxide Control By Electric Utilities: What are the Gains from Trade?"
Although technical difficulties such as vector and parasite drug resistance have played a part, failure in this endeavour was probably due to social and political factors that prevented efficient application of control measures [ 4].
Pgm Mpredominates in the B strains, whereas Pgm Sallele frequency is on average ten-fold higher in the long-lived O strains relative to the B controls.
Control experiments aimed to demonstrate the specificity of the staining with the MIF antibody and to rule out cross-reactivity of secondary antisera included: 1) preabsorption controls: incubation of the MIF antibody with the peptide used to produce the antibody; 2) omission of the primary antibody; 3) omission of either one of the primary antisera used for double-immunofluorescence.
Five controls were performed to ensure that these negative results were not artifacts.
The robustness of ROC analysis to yield T M and ROC area values to discriminate 'good' from 'poor' microarray hybridizations relies on the relative positions of signal ranges from positive and negative controls as well as from target genes.
The rule contains information collection requirements which will allow EPA to determine that detergent additives which are effective in controlling deposits are used and that emission control goals are realized.
The DNA reassociation results in the quadratic magnification of expression ratios for the up- and down-regulated genes in control and tester samples.
Anti-Grb2 mAb was included as control for protein loading (Fig.
The WP and LAT front a fresh study from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, appearing in today's JAMA , with a counterintuitive result: a significant decline in high-school violence in the 1990s.
The characteristics associated with the various emission control technologies generally follow those modeled within the Integrated Planning Model used by the Environmental Protection Agency.
BRCA1 antisense infected cells contained significantly less BRCA1 message than control LXSN infected cells, whether cultured in the presence or absence of estrogen (Fig.
14); no change was seen in activated c-Raf levels between control and SN50-treated explants.
Control staining with CD3 antibody (Fig.
The procedure consists of an analysis of variance (ANOVA) to determine the error term, which is then used in a multiple comparison procedure for comparing each of the treatment means with the control mean, in a series of paired tests (see Appendix C).
For one thing, the federal government's National Drug Control Strategy for 1996 says that the addict population is basically stable.
To determine if reductions in AP-1 protein levels could account for the observed transcriptional inhibition by the S77A mutant RARα, we compared expression of fos and jun proteins in G418 resistant control clones and S77A RARα expressing cells.
The second data set used to estimate unexposed incidence rates was the control groups of the studies listed in table 1. Cases of FDA-positive AR and MR reported in the control groups were assumed to have arisen between age 40 and the average age of the control group in each study.
The first stage is consolidation and includes changing the organizational structure and gaining control over processes.
, the percentage of time or resources devoted to mission support vs. transaction processing or control and compliance activities).
When Jimmy Carter went down in 1980, it was economic forces beyond his control and rotten luck in Iran.
It should be noted that statistical sampling and fast pay procedures neither reduce the need for effective internal control nor relieve the certifying/disbursing officer of his or her responsibility.
An out of control reference toxicant test result does not necessarily invalidate associated test results.
By increasing the understanding of risks, risk assessments (1) improved business managers' ability to make decisions on controls needed, in the absence of quantified risk assessment results, and (2) engendered support for policies and controls adopted, thus helping to ensure that policies and controls would operate as intended.
Genes were normalized to either β-actin or GAPDH, and then experimental diets (B,C,D) were compared to the control diet (A).
Using GAPDH mRNA expression as a control, expression of Abcg5 and Abcg8 mRNAs appeared to be increased in liver from SHR compared to Sprague Dawley (Fig.
In addition, hospital controls were selected from a large pool of eligible participants with a wide variety of non-cancer diagnostic groups, minimizing bias arising from potential overrepresentation of patients with characteristics that may be associated with the exposures.
The air pollution control and monitoring technology industry is expected to continue to respond with cost-effective compliance solutions just as they have done for the past 30 years.
Such selection results in strains with increased lifespan relative to controls.
To test whether functional changes may accompany the modified morphology, control and 2 day and 100 μM resveratrol-treated cells were exposed to 0 min (control), 2 min, or 5 min of simulated arterial shear stress using a parallel plate perfusion chamber (see Materials and Methods).
The organizations we studied had recognized that monitoring control effectiveness and compliance with policies is a key step in the cycle of managing information security.
Intra-assay coefficients of variation were for control A 7.0%, control B 5.8%, and control C 5.1%.
Study of two of the control rat strips suffered technical failure, leaving nine emphysematous and nine control animals fully studied.
Thus, "add-on" controls - ventilation systems and personal protective equipment - have dominated hazard prevention guidance and practice.
After trying his hand at Disney, philanthropy, Broadway, and professional sports, he is returning to the pinnacle of the Hollywood hierarchy through his new Artists Management Group, which purports to give clients more control of their "product."
His name-dropping is out of control.
5-fold and P < 0.05, 240 putatively regulated genes were detected in the experimental group compared with only 12 in the control group, an estimated error rate of 5%.
pCH110 carries a lacZ gene under the control of the SV40 promoter-enhancer region [ 32].
It also describes the results of the scenario analysis, both in terms of the various marginal costs associated with emission control strategies and the economy-wide impact of each scenario.
As you suggest, his killing spree may turn out to have a spray of policy and business consequences: for gun control, regulation of day trading, the online sector of the financial industry.
We have previously reported a very simple, yet potentially more stringent method for data analysis of small numbers of expression profiles, using duplicate profiles for control and experimental samples, and then identifying those genes that show consistent changes >2-fold in the four possible pair-wise data comparisons (four comparison survival method) [ 23 ] . A similar pair-wise comparison method, using a less stringent average fold-change analysis, was recently reported for muscle from aging and calorie-restricted mouse muscle [ 13 ] .
=.022) in the probability of adenoma recurrence between the intervention and control groups.
Luty: "Imagine you live under a regime that has banned most types of firearms--or controls them so tightly that they may as well be banned.
Rats in SD photoperiod treatment from the time of weaning exhibited an initial period of lower body weight relative to LD controls during the first third of the experiment (measurements in weeks 2-14; P < 0.0001, F = 51.
See configuration control.
The pessimistic view, based on Milosevic's history of deceit, is that he's only faking the retreat because he's on the verge of losing control.
Complications experienced by this patient group associated with recovery from surgery included postoperative nausea and vomiting, inadequate pain control, hypertension, hypoxia, and tachycardia.
K84 biological control is thought to be primarily due to production of two plasmid-encoded antibiotics, each of which accounts for a portion of the observed disease control [ 9 ] . This naturally occurring example suggests that pyramiding biological control mechanisms within one strain can enhance disease control.
We need a Candidate Quality Control Board.
Therefore, it is timely to review the engineering and resource requirements of installing control technologies for multipollutant control strategies.
Inventor Earl Tupper came up with the idea, but it wasn't until he handed over control of sales to Wise (the first woman ever to appear on the cover of Business Week ) that the company took off.
If the calculated CV exceeds the 75th percentile of CVs reported nationally, the laboratory should use the 75th and 90th percentiles to calculate warning and control limits, respectively, and the laboratory should investigate options for reducing variability.
During system demonstration, each company used statistical process control and reliability testing to ensure the product could be produced affordably and would be reliable, then used a similar decision review that required agreements from key stakeholders that the requisite knowledge was captured when deciding to move into production.
In addition, data center operations controls also include job set-up and scheduling procedures and controls over operator activities.
Sugar levels affect not only alpha-amylase transcript levels [ 24 25 ] , but also mRNA stability [ 27 28 ] and protein transport and turnover [ 29 ] . Sugar-signaling pathways may also interact with other signaling pathways in the control of alpha-amylase activity.
No significant binding of mAb NC-1 and of control mouse IgG, respectively, to wells coated by CAP directly or to CAP bound to HIV-1 IIIB gp120 was observed.
Under the alternative hypothesis the probability of death from all causes is p + k in the control group and ( p + k )-( d - e ) in the screened group, where e is the additional probability of non-cancer deaths due to screening.
Case Example: Measuring Control Effectiveness and Management Awareness
OIRA suggested no changes in the rule but OIRA had EPA supply more elaboration in the preamble to the final rule concerning the deposit control test standards and the retention of a 5 percent flow loss performance standard rather than the industry supported 10 percent flow loss.
Frederick Douglass argued that slavery was a sin because by “subjecting one man to the arbitrary control of another, it contravenes the first command of the Decalogue.
On the other hand, apoptosis was ruled out as a mechanism to explain the differential down-regulation of CD4 and CD8 by PMA and cAMP, on the grounds of two independent observations: (a) After a maximum of 4.0 hr incubation with either PMA or cAMP+ IBMX the cell viability was the same as the untreated controls (usually between 90-95%); (b) Treatment with dexamethasone, which is a known pro-apoptotic molecule did not have any effects on the expression of either CD4 or CD8 (data not shown) and; (c) As demonstrated earlier in the murine system, TCR engagement of CD4 +CD8 +induces positive selection but not apoptosis [ 12 ]
Control animals were implanted with beads coated with 0.1 M phosphate buffer, pH 7.3 (PB, N = 10).
Work underway is focused on trying to develop a standardized PCR methodology for all filariasis programs to employ [ 14 ] . Simple standardized methods would permit comparisons of infection levels across epidemiologic settings as has been done with PCR assays for O. volvulus in black flies for Onchocerciasis control programs [ 4 5 ] . PCR methods for onchocerciasis work reliably for pools of up to 100 fly heads, an important advantage in terms of cost and throughput.
However, three to ten bacterial control probes were designed to hybridize to each bacterial transcript.
However, the commercial application of the K84 biological control system is limited where Agrobacterium strains of certain crops are not inhibited by K84.
What controls heartbeats in Hong Kong are the fluctuations of the Hang Seng Index, foreign currency exchange rates, and skyrocketing property prices.
Effects of the various treatments were compared to appropriate controls (Locke's solution with and without calcium and/or 1 mM EGTA for 15 minutes).
OSHA's Preamble to the methylene chloride standard noted that engineering controls, such as local exhaust ventilation were likely to be infeasible to control methylene chloride exposure below the Permissible Exposure Limit in vessel cleaning.
(The only good news about the military is that it has regained secure control over its active nuclear weapons--though not over discarded nuclear material.)
Figure 4summarizes normalized hybridization intensities of control oligonucleotides obtained from the global gene-expression comparisons between trophozoite and schizont stages.
These results provide evidence that GPNN is able to detectthe functional SNPs and model the interactions for the epistasismodels described here with minimal main effects in a sample size of200 cases and 200 controls.
The EBM proponent contends that by including observations about patients in the control group, we put ourselves on firmer ground in determining the efficacy of the treatment; thus the web is strengthened.
In untreated controls, most cells displayed strong staining for SKP2 with few cells positive for p27 (Fig.
In each of the enumerated studies, a minimum of 12 explants were cultured for 2 or 4 days in the cell permeable peptide SN50 (Biomol Research, Plymouth Meeting, PA) which inhibits NF-κB translocation into the nucleus [ 24 33 34 35 ] . The concentration used (100 μg/ml) was double that shown to inhibit NF-κB translocation in mouse endothelial LE-II cells; 100 μg/ml mutant SN50 (mSN50) peptide was used as a positive control and control BGJb medium as a negative control.
Each image (including controls) was further copied into Microsoft Photo Editor 3.0 (Microsoft Corporation), and total saturation balanced (usually brightness 45, contrast 65) and optimized for peroxidase immunohistochemistry by decreasing the image's blue brightness and contrast (usually to 45) and blue gamma (usually to 0.83).
In these situations, an official authorized by the agency head (or designee) must grant advance authority in writing, and the agency must ensure that effective controls are in place to ensure the proper reporting of T&A data.
Often the goal of comparing a treatment group to a control group is to detect the true difference of the population means, and the "change P-value" is not the appropriate P-value for that goal.
Given the relatively late ages of first birth in this population, one might not expect to see a protective effect of having ever given birth, because the well-established protective effects of pregnancy seem to be reversed for first births at about age 30 years or later [ 21 22 ] . This study had a higher percentage of nulliparous women (25% of cases and 26% of controls) than a recent study conducted in the Seattle area (13% of cases and 14% of controls) [ 17 ] . However, the California Teachers Study cohort, with a similarly elevated rate of invasive breast cancer of 151 per 100,000 person years among non-Hispanic white women between 1995 and 1998, reported a similar percentage of nulliparous women (27%) among participants without breast cancer in 1995 [ 23 ] .
A participant added that earlier mandatory internal control reporting probably would have surfaced problems with ineffective boards of directors and audit committees.
Influenza/ILI adversely affects individuals with a variety of chronic underlying conditions, supporting the Center for Disease Control and Prevention Immunization recommendations for influenza immunization [ 15 ] . Unlike other studies that have evaluated the cost-effectiveness of influenza immunization [ 13 14 15 16 ] , our data quantify a major cost impact of ILI and influenza/ILI in a large population (over 6200 patients) with wide-variation in ages and health status.
As a result, the system did not guide control measures optimally nor use resources efficiently.
Using the MCF7 breast carcinoma cell line as a positive control, MCC5 cells expressed the full length 216 kDa BRCA1 protein and were confirmed BRCA1wt.
That system, the creation of the management guru W. Edwards Deming, replaces overtly bureaucratic control with self-managing work teams and an emphasis on a "common vision."
One senior FAA air traffic control manager said that it was simply not the FAA's place to order the airlines what to tell their pilots.
An increasing amount of data suggests that the RAR-β isoform, which is under the transcriptional control of RAR-α, is involved in suppressing cell growth and tumorigenicity [ 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16].
In the second we combined all active arms in one, by adding all EPO treated patients, and analyzed it against the control.
The most frequent A phenotypes in controls were A*02 (0.
User awareness is essential to successfully implementing information security policies and ensuring that related controls are working properly.
As expected, we found a marked difference between control and SN50-treated SMGs but none between control and mutant peptide-treated explants (data not shown).
Internal control should provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of the agency are being achieved in the following categories:
A rebellion by Ukrainian and Russian-speaking minorities ended in 1992, with the Romanian-speaking majority government retaining control over only half of the country.
General Accounting Office, Federal Information System Controls Audit Manual, GAO/AIMD-12.
Live eggs were then incubated with primary antibody or control IgG as noted.
Blood samples were obtained from patients and control subjects under IRB-approved informed consent.
Considering that p53 protein accumulation was correlated with poorly-differentiation and T2, T3 and T4 TNM stage of GC, we concluded that p53 protein accumulation in this study may lead to the loss of cell proliferation control and inhibition for iNOS and VEGF, possibly because of p53 gene mutation.
In short, internal control, which is synonymous with management control, helps government program managers achieve desired results through effective stewardship of public resources.
Total number of germ cells undergoing apoptosis in control and ABP-TG mice
In two of the probe sequences, the fully modified cRNA behaved similarly to the control cRNA (Figures 4Aand 4B).
The entity that controls Chrysler is exactly the same entity that collaborated with the Nazis, not a descendant.
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
With similar objectives in mind, the utility company had developed a streamlined risk assessment process that brought together business managers and technical experts to discuss risk factors and mitigating controls.
Other factors which can affect test precision include: test organism age, condition, and sensitivity; temperature control; and feeding.
In particular, protein-RNA and protein-protein interactions are other potential targets of translation termination control.
For the controls, both DpnI and non-DpnI treated samples were anlayzed.
The latter phenomenon is one whereby early-pathway regulatory mutations that increase intracellular chorismate concentrations result in exclusive metabolite flow toward L-phenylalanine because cyclohexadienyl dehydratase is insensitive to allosteric control.
Detailed procedures for preparation of cDNA and fluorescently labeled cRNA, hybridization, staining, and scanning of gene chips and assay monitoring are outlined in earlier literature [ 15 ] . The platform chosen for global expression profile was the Rat Genome U34 Array (Affymetrix, Santa Clara, California), which contains probes for a total of 8799 expressed sequence tag (EST) clusters and genes (including controls).
Although these observations suggest that human sensitivity to VEGF-A may be lower than in animal models, it will be necessary to study a larger cohort of patients, with appropriate controls, over a longer time period to confirm this [ 36].
The issue of giving military aid to Colombia is complicated by the rebel forces that control "most of the country's drug-producing regions" and by Colombia's "unsavory human rights record."
For Windows, that amounts to a DOS layer (the minimum required for complete, if not pretty, control), about 400k of object code on disk.
The B*07 and B*14 gene frequencies were significantly greater in probands than in control subjects ( p < 0.0001, OR = 2.5 and p < 0.0001, OR = 3.2, respectively).
For example, while the university did not develop data on the actual cost of incidents, such as the cost of recovering from virus infections, the database could be used to compile such information, which would be useful in measuring the cost of security lapses and in determining how much to spend on controls to reduce such lapses.
In each hybridization, fluorescent cDNA targets were prepared from a melanoma or control mRNA sample (red-fluorescent dye, Cy5) and a common reference mRNA sample (green-fluorescent dye, Cy3).
To increase internal validity, the team sought to visit control outlets that resembled receipted outlets in terms of location, size, and type.
Following the identification of regulated genes, a second method - quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) using Taqman™ - was used to establish that selected, regulated genes detected by microarray could be confirmed in the same sample by RT-PCR, to compare the magnitude of regulation determined by microarray and RT-PCR and to verify the validity of selected regulated genes by examining the gene expression levels in lung RNA from multiple, individual control and challenged monkeys.
5F) produced aggregates which were only loosely packed and a substantial number of cells which did not package into any form of aggregate while antisense clone D3 formed aggregates more diverse in shape than the uniformly spherical controls but less diverse than clone E6.
Distributional Analysis of Regional Benefits and Cost of Air Quality Control."
Antibody stainings were performed on cryostat sections of Calliphora erythrocephala . Drosophila melanogaster (Berlin WT) was used as a positive control for immunoreactivity of the mab 3D2 α-ARD antibody.
Therefore, once in place, internal control provides reasonable, not absolute, assurance of meeting agency objectives.
Moreover, Frizzled receptors, Versican and other proteoglycans which contribute to Wnt protein activity are also controlled by Wnt signaling, as previously described in Drosophila [ 28 29 ] . At the level of transcriptional regulation, we found up-regulation of CBP/P300, which partners with β-catenin [ 30 31 ] but also TLE/Groucho, which is an inhibitor of TCF function [ 32 ] . These responses suggest a rich system of homeostasis and feedback control mechanisms, but they complicate the interpretation of experimental studies of Wnt signal transduction in which the time course of induction cannot be controlled easily.
The inserted cDNA sequences are expressed under the transcriptional control of human cytomegalovirus promoter.
The gels were then incubated for 24 hours at 37°C in 50 mM Tris-HCl buffer, pH 7.4, containing 5 mM CaCl 2 . A duplicate negative control gel was incubated as described above but in 50 mM Tris-HCl, pH 7.4 containing 10 mM EDTA instead of CaCl 2 . The gels were fixed for 1 hour in 40% methanol /7% acetic acid and then stained in Coomassie Blue Solution (Sigma), followed by destaining in 10% methanol, 7% acetic acid.
For homeopathy, articles had to meet the following criteria: (1) use of a homeopathic intervention for a clinical condition in a comparative trial; (2) assessment of the outcome of the intervention using an empirical measure of some type; (3) be prospective and involve a parallel control group for comparison with homeopathic treatment; (4) have sufficient information reported for us to score with SR review criteria; (5) be in English.
9 Many of the wastewater advances being used outside of the U.S., including conserving blowdown in the absorber vessel primarily for chloride control, are now being used or considered in the U.S.
■ A control system that may utilize a programmable logic controller (PLC) or may be accommodated by the plant distributed control system (DCS)
According to the General Accounting Office, the costs of providing air traffic control services to each segment of aviation are unknown because the Federal Aviation Administration does not have an adequate cost accounting system.
A 90% increase of the antibody binding to β-actin was observed in western blots of the SPM fraction of the retinae from the rdta mice relative to their littermate controls (Figure 1B).
If controlled studies are included, then these criteria should specify the acceptable control groups, e.g., placebo control or a standard treatment.
The assigned OMB control number is 0579-0015.
reassessing the appropriateness of existing controls and security-relatedactivities, (4) identifying the need for new controls, and (5) redirecting subsequent monitoring efforts.
A second control consisted of replacing the primary antibody with an excess of tBid G94E and continuing as with the primary antibody.
Are America's leaders comfortable with the CIA doing this, going outside of normal military command and control?
Autologous BMT case without cyclosporine induced GVHD or viral infection would have been ideal control [ 28 29 ] . However, due to limited number of cases in this group we could not include such a group.
Thus, the cry b mutation reduces the strength of cycling in these body parts; in other words, these rhythms are less robust than in the cry +controls.
No flow cytometric abnormalities were detected in CD4-positive T-cells from 10 control patients without lymphoproliferative disorders.
By that logic, the cable industry--with its overpriced services, monopolistic market control, and unwieldy operating structures--must be headed for the graveyard.
Tests were then repeated using serum from the 26 patients and 26 control women.
As manifested by voters' continuing refusal to give Republicans control of Congress, they reasoned, the people obviously liked what Democrats stood for.
Unfortunately the initial screening in the control group greatly complicated the validation, which requires that no screening be performed in the control group.
In parallel, the expression of cyclin A, an essential component of certain cyclin-dependent kinases and absolutely required for the progression of cells through the cell cycle [ 38 39 ] , was down-regulated under these conditions (Figure 1), consistent with earlier observations [ 27 28 31 ] . Furthermore, expression of the CDK inhibitor p27 Kip1was strongly increased in suspension cells (Figure 1), similar to what has been observed in other cell types after the disruption of cell-matrix interactions [ 29 31 32 ] . Finally, as we have reported before [ 31 ] , the expression of cdk4, one of the catalytic subunits of CDKs, was not significantly altered in suspension culture cells and therefore could be used as a loading control for the Western blot analysis.
Thus, the addition of the chemokine to wounds shifts the peak of TN in the wound tissues to earlier stages of wound healing than in control wounds.
Mixed samples from different regions of the same biopsies showed the same, or only slightly more variation (mixed controls c1, c2, and c3, mixed DMD 6-9 yrs).
Among women under the age of 50 years, cases were about half as likely as controls to have begun menarche at age 15 years or older, but the results were not significant (Table 2).
In similar incident, a copilot reports that the landing field was in sight by saying I've got it , with the result that the flying pilot let go of the controls.
And the Los Angeles Times goes with smog--the EPA rejects California's smog control strategy as being too lax.
Representative images of tissue sections from control and treated tissues are shown in Figure 1. Examples of processed sample image tiles are shown in Figure 2, where a control liver (Figure 2a) can be compared to a treated liver (Figure 2b), illustrating the significant structural damage induced by treatment with CCl 4 . Gene-expression profiles were generated from the same livers using DNA microarrays.
"Never give up control," we're told.
Our data is consistent with that of Fluckiger et al [ 8], who proposed that Btk controls BCR-induced calcium signaling by regulating PLCγ2 activation, IP3 levels and calcium store depletion.
For people who are not immersed in recovery but are receptive to the notion of sex addiction, the president's dysfunction simply means that, like Ken Starr, he is "out of control."
By ANOVA, there were significant differences in VEGF mRNA signal strength between functional regions (P = 0.002) and between protocols (treadmill, electrical stimulation, and control, P = 0.036).
Additionally, to test whether moderate overexpression of the lysyl tRNA synthetase gene affected accumulation, we compared control transformants to multicopy KRS1 transformants of the two strains.

The accumulated and reported data enable management and other interested parties to measure and make decisions about the agency's/segment's ability to improve operations, safeguard assets, control its resources, and determine if mission objectives are being met.
They were frequency matched by age and county of residence with controls randomly selected from the New York State Motor Vehicle lists (< 65 years) and the Health Care Finance Administration rolls (> 65 years).
1Hand 1K, compare with controls), but basal plate EVT showed strong ERβ immunoreactivity (t, Fig.
In some experiments, anti-HIV-1 tat IgG (25 μg) was added to treated and control virus to suppress the effect of extracellular tat, which may have been present in the virus preparations, on virus infection [ 48 49 ] . After incubation at 37°C for 48 h, the culture supernatant fluids were removed and the cells washed once with PBS.
8 ± 0.4 mmHg), and again the average IOP of young controls measured at the same time was not changed (13.
Importantly, SVEC cells transfected with this vector showed no evidence of toxicity, altered proliferation and morphologically were indistinguishable from mock-transfected and untreated controls.
One process inhibited by BDM is the centripetal flow of actin from the leading edge into the cell body, known as retrograde flow [ 11 12 ] . Retrograde flow is thought to be driven by a "push-pull" mechanism of polymerization of actin at the leading edge of the cell and contractile activity of myosin motor proteins [ 13 14 ] . Formation of new actin filaments is predominantly mediated by the nucleation activity of the Arp2/3 complex [ 15 ] . Members of the WASP/WAVE family of proteins, among others, stimulate and regulate the Arp2/3 complex for spatial and temporal control of filament nucleation [ 15 ] . Localization of these proteins to the leading edge, though not completely understood, is probably mediated through their interactions with the actin cytoskeleton itself and membrane-associated binding partners [ 15 16 ] .
To determine if GluR1 phosphorylation by CaMKII in vivo is altered in the rdta retina, the SPM proteins of the rdta retina and their littermate controls are back phosphorylated by endogenous CaMKII in the presence of Ca 2+/CaM (1 mM CaCl 2 and 0.02 mg/ml calmodulin).
The control viruses, HSV-2 6757 and HSV-1 PAA r5, demonstrated mutator or antimutator phenotypes, respectively, in the tk mutagenesis assay, but not in the non-HSV DNA mutagenesis assay.
For practical reasons, the responses observed in these tests are usually limited to hatchability, gross morphological abnormalities, survival, growth, and reproduction, and the results of the tests are usually expressed in terms of the highest toxicant concentration that has no statistically significant observed effect on these responses, when compared to the controls.
In a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) study of adult FAS males, callosal morphological data, when compared with landmark data, differed significantly from that of control males [ 4 ] .
This means that rapid processes can be followed and a complete influx and efflux dataset is collected from one root sample, with each sample acting as its own control.
Our current dilemma has come about because we tried to shift cost control away from the service providers.
I'm no reproductive rights attorney, but if this isn't overtly promoting infanticide as a form of population control, it's coming awfully close.
In contrast, for women under the age of 50 years, breast cancer cases were somewhat less likely than controls to have grown up in more affluent families.
Chapter 5 focuses on synergistic combinations of control retrofits on a single unit.
Equal number of sham operated and age matched animals served as controls.
Nick-translated biotin-labeled pUC18 plasmid was used as a control for non-specific probe binding and HPV probes were also applied to normal cervical tissues.

The ability to independently voice security concerns to senior executives was viewed as important because such concerns could often be at odds with business managers' and system developers' desires to implement new computer applications quickly and avoid controls that would impede efficiency, user friendliness, and convenience.
The areas were measured in control samples (background) and within ERα and ERβ immunoperoxidase processed samples (crude values).
In this regard, agencies must continually (1) explore and assess information security risks to business operations, (2) determine what policies, standards, and controls are worth implementing to reduce these risks, (3) promote awareness and understanding among program managers, computer users, and systems development staff, and
levels increased 2,100 % and were respectively 0.198 ± 0.009 (LPS-treated, n = 3) vs. 0.009 ± 0.001 (untreated controls, n = 3), P < 0.01.
Batouti is suspected because: 1) he uttered a prayer 14 times as the plane dived; 2) his controls were in the "nose down" position, while the captain's were in "nose up"; and 3) the captain pleaded with Batouti to help him pull the plane out of its dive.
We can identify subjects with B = 1 in the screened group but not in the control group.
5-day embryonic time point and the control adult mice.
Republicans want to take control of more state legislatures in hopes of creating a GOP dynasty through gerrymandering.
This, the Times notes, is a reversal of recent administration policy, which had favored the U.S. drug companies' stance of strict distribution controls that kept prices high.
3shows that fs-α 1S recovered a significant fraction of the voltage-activated Ca 2+transient compared to that express by full-length wt-α 1S . The magnitude of the fluorescence signal expressed by fs-α 1S was approximately 5-fold larger than the largest Ca 2+transient detected in non-transfected myotubes expressing Idys, >20-fold larger than the average Ca 2+transient detectable in non-transfected cells, and about 1/3 of the maximum SR Ca 2+release expressed by the control wt-α 1S construct.
From these, 10 individuals were not contacted because the primary care provider did not grant permission, 14 individuals moved out of jurisdiction, 1 was deceased, 14 were ineligible, 7 were lost to follow-up, 16 did not respond to repeated attempts to be contacted, 5 were not needed for the study because we had a sufficient number of controls per case, and 2 individuals refused.
Al Hunt ( Capital Gang ) alleges that Starr is an out of control prosecutor.
Participants in the current study did report more AK history than subjects who did not participate in the study, with the increase being consistent for cases and controls.
Cook did a great job in Volume 1 of demonstrating how flawed Franklin was as a husband; how he relinquished all control to his mother and absented himself from the brutal conflicts that resulted between ER and her mother-in-law.
Sixteen A alleles were detected in control subjects.
Cyclin-dependent kinase 2 (cdk2) immunoprecipitates (IP) were utilized as negative controls for ERα monoclonal and ERβ polyclonal antibodies.
Untreated HPB-ALL, mock electroporated control HPB-ALL, or C3 treated HPB-ALL do not extend pseudopodia on the non-specific cell attachment substrate poly-L-lysine (figure 3, panels 13-15), demonstrating the requirement for integrin dependent signals in both the normal spreading morphology of HBP-ALL, and the C3 induced morphological changes in this cell type.
Although it was not the purpose of this study to explain the high rates of breast cancer in Marin County, one hypothesis of the study was that if exposures specific to Marin County were to some degree responsible for the high rates there, one would expect women with breast cancer to have lived longer in Marin County than control women after adjustment for generally recognized breast cancer risk factors.
I also observed that people used to want schools to be less like prisons, but that now the trend seems to be to make them more like prisons, adding language regulation to crowd control, uniforms, metal detectors, and locker searches.
81) and very poor glycemic control (OR: 0.38; CI: 0.21-0.
While we restricted our analysis to urban dwellers, finer adjustment based on the community of residence or the restriction of cases to only those from the community from which controls were selected would have increased the validity of the result.
It is becoming increasingly evident that a major theme underlying eukaryotic transcriptional regulation is combinatorial control [ 92 ] . Identifying the cis -elements and the cognate transcription factors that bind to them during stress or defense responses is the first step towards characterization of higher-order nucleoprotein complexes.
Many small airports have control towers simply because of one or two airline flights a day.
A consistent inverse association was observed between the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome and the financial status of patients (p for trend = 0.598) and controls (p for trend = 0.001).
CMV infected and uninfected MRC-5 fibroblasts were used as positive controls for viable CMV and antibody staining.
In other words, does control of the operating-system market really preclude a company from seeking to compete in others?
True `suspended animation' can be induced to gain complete control of the situation early, rather than chance the increased hazards of partial control in unstable circumstances.
She took with her to England the custom of drinking afternoon tea, and control of Bombay, thus beginning England’s interest in India.
Speculation suggests some form of control of the volume or composition of the secretion [ 3 ] . There is also evidence for the presence of periprostatic ganglia and capsular ganglia respectively outside and inside the prostatic capsule [ 4 ] but not much is known about their pharmacology or function.
For those documents never created-for example, when data may be based on electronic submissions-use interviews to obtain related information, any corroborating evidence obtained earlier, or a review of the adequacy of system controls.
If patients have good pain control on stable doses of an opioid, and are not experiencing adverse effects (especially drowsiness), it is safe to drive a car.
The cholestasis and control groups were not significantly different with respect to gestational age (29.
A study of predicted gene families in various organisms from single-cell to more complex animal and plant species is of value in deducing functions of proteins and developmental control pathways.
It may suggest that there is a constant time of stimulation of cytokine production following injury, rather than negative feedback control over the process of fracture healing.
Yet, we remain concerned that the proposed transfer of control and priority setting for research from the organizations where the research would be conducted could be disruptive to dual purpose programs, which have important synergies for public health programs that need to be maintained.
We did not observe this finding in negative control groups B and C.
However, iNOS protein was below the limit of detection following any level of hypoxic exposure (positive control was lipopolysaccharide-treated mouse spleen) and using several different antibodies (Affinity Bioreagents and BD Transduction Laboratories; Affinity Bioreagents blot shown), and nNOS was unchanged among the three experimental groups (positive control was mouse brain).
I don't know whether he's "arrogant" or a "control freak" in the studio or the rehearsal room, but where it counts--in the music and lyrics--you can hear a man who is, at 57, still trying to learn.
As shown in Table 2, the red cell phospholipids of the SCD subjects contained significantly higher proportions of the two major saturated fatty acids, palmitic acid (C16:0) and stearic acid (C18:0), than the controls.
2, it would seem, they don't, since they presumably agree with the principle of civilian control.
82 ± 2.27%) cells undergoing apoptosis was significantly higher than in controls.
Statistical analyses indicate that cells treated with 100 μM CEES were not significantly different from control cells (not treated with CEES) in the presence of 0, 25 or 50 ng/ml of LPS.
, consistently meets test acceptability criteria for control responses); is consistent in quality; and does not contain contaminants that could produce toxicity.
This signal was very strong over hair cells of the P0 control animals (Fig.
The positive control used by us showed subtle differences when immunostained with each individual antibody in the cocktail with some areas slightly darker than others.
The term internal control in this document is synonymous with the term management control (as used in OMB Circular A-123) that covers all aspects of an agency's operations (programmatic, financial, and compliance).
Commenting on his decision to bring Communists into his government, Segodnya said, "The most important thing for the Communists is to get control of money from weapons exports.
This continuing cycle of monitoring business risks, maintaining policies and controls, and monitoring operations parallels the process associated with managing the controls associated with any type of program.
The aristocratic hounds grab our attention, and the ad reaches for those who are in charge--of their world, their careers, their money, and their vizslas--the kind of men who are in control of their drinking.
The several trophozoite- and schizont-specific genes identified previously provide an excellent source of positive controls for the experiments described below.
This examines the installation of the control device hook-up on a sequential basis.
As one organization's security manager said, "Because every control has some cost associated with it, every control needs a business reason to be put in place."
Under the null hypothesis, the probability of cancer death in each group is p . Under the alternative hypothesis the probability of cancer death is p in the control group and p-d in the study group, where d is the probability of cancer death in the control group minus the probability of cancer death in the screened group.
An example of such an observation is depicted in Figure 3Aand 3B(DCM 1 and DCM 20 respectively).Both the lower and the higher doses of carvedilol were effectivein reducing apoptosis from 5.64 ± 0.49% in non-treated DCM animalsto almost control levels 2.32 ± 0.23% (DCM 1 ) and 2.36± 0.26% (DCM 20 ), p < 0.001, compared to DCM 0 respectively(Figure 3C).
The metabolic syndrome was more frequent in males' than in females' controls (22% vs. 10.
In addition, command and control was complicated by senior Port Authority Police officials becoming directly involved in frontline rescue operations.
Such controls showed no significant cytokine-containing cells, and these samples were used to calculate the resting CD4 +/CD8 +distribution and the CD28 +/CD28 -distribution.
Specify if (and how) pH control measures were implemented
Pleasure, for Klein, is the opposite of control: It's all about gratification and excess.
They were significantly different between Groups II and III and the control group, but no significant differences were detected between study groups (p > 0.05, Table 4and Fig.
Although CPT at 10 -7mol/l decreased collagen production more in SSc than in healthy control fibroblasts (by, respectively, 68% and 48% for type I, 38% and 15% for type II, and 21% and 7% for type III) (Fig.
This ability allows control values to be included in the gene-expression data so others can evaluate the accuracy and reliability of the measurements provided.
Therefore, we treated IDO transfected RAW cells and controls with LPS and measured COX-2 expression 24 hours later.
To me, it has the potential to sweep away ignorance about such topics as gay and racial hatred and empower people to take more control of their lives.
Dole accused the President of 'playing around' while the drug war raged out of control."
These molegos could in turn be functionally annotated by comparing the DNA binding profile of APE1 with that of the less specific nuclease DNase 1. This analysis indicated that residues binding 3' to the site of phosphorolytic cleavage control the substrate specificity of APE1.
As discussed below, these efforts included testing controls, monitoring compliance with policies, analyzing security incidents, and accounting for procedural accomplishments and other indicators that efforts to promote awareness were effective.
Figure 1presents the results of a comparison of supercritical carbon dioxide extractions of control (heat treated at 600°C) and life-positive (unheated Idaho red sand) soils.
GST controls were run at a similar range of concentrations and showed no significant activity.
As shown in Figure 3, there is a predominant nuclear localization of the hemagglutinin epitope (panel A) compared to the low-level cytoplasmic and nuclear background reactivity seen in the uninduced LLWO2F control cells (panel B).
Consolidating control over the rest of the country, though, was a long and brutal business.
Using the first two principal components, we classified the animals in treated day-4 versus control and other groups using a quadratic regression classifier for all three datasets.
Before the characterization of TEA, mercurial compounds were among the only known blockers of AQP1, affecting both the constitutive water flux and the regulated ion conductance [ 6 10 ] . For AQP1 channels expressed in Xenopus oocytes, the block of osmotic water flux is 5% in 0.01 mM TEA, 21% in 1 mM TEA, and 36% in 10 mM TEA, as referenced to the osmotic water flux in control AQP1-expressing oocytes [ 5 ] . Data presented here show that the level of block by TEA is comparable or greater for AQP1 channels expressed in mammalian cells.
House Republicans turned the groundswell of emotion loosed by abused taxpayers at hearings last month into votes for such ideas as putting the burden of proof on the agency in tax disputes and establishing an independent, largely civilian, control and review board.
Finally, no growth was observed in a negative control that contained a non-functional Group I intron (B11), and no theophylline-dependent changes in growth were observed in a negative control in which mutations were introduced into the aptazyme to abolish theophylline binding (Th2P6.D).
"Batterers use the courts as a way to maintain control," she said. "
Since luciferase molecular specific activity may vary depending on the amino acid sequence of the protein, control vectors in which the UAG stop codon has been replaced by a CAG glutamine codon were similarly transfected and their activities standardized for transfection efficiency.
while the Star points to the radio host's "increasingly out of control partying," including "wild nights with strippers."
In parallel, the mixed DMD duplicate profiles were compared to a single pair of mixed control sample profiles (c1a, c1b), using the pairwise comparison survival method [ 23 ] . Briefly, four comparisons were done (DMD 1a versus control 1a; DMD1b versus control 1a; DMD 1a versus control 1b; DMD1b versus control 1b), and only those genes retained which showed >2-fold change in all four comparisons.
Multivariate regression with controls for gender, age, and occupation did not show an increasing trend in cost per claim or time off work per claim.
At that point, stars seized control of their own careers, and the talent agent became a major Hollywood player.
The obtained sequences were compared with the corresponding control gene sequences using SEQUENCHER software (Gene codes corporation, Ann Arbor, MI, USA).
Hence, alternative protocols using oligo(dT) to prime mRNA for the synthesis of labeled target [ 15, 16] can still take advantage of our spiking control set.
Controls were frequency matched to cases on sex and five-year age intervals.
The amplifications with exon 1b primers yielded minor amounts of DNA that did not co-migrate with the controls.
The neighborhood controls provide a comparison to the cases that is unbiased by the source of drinking water since neighborhoods are supplied by the same water utility.
As similar methods are validated for lymphatic filariasis, it is important to bear in mind that assay sensitivity will decline as filarial infection prevalence decreases, independent of the method used to detect W. bancrofti . Consequently, quality control considerations will become more important as the program progresses.
While Byzantine land was being divided, there was no one in control of the seas, so pirates raided towns on many of the islands.
In some studies, control subjects were derived from patients assigned to placebo in a formal randomized trial of fenfluramine or dexfenfluramine.
For this reason, involving them in selecting controls can help ensure that controls are practical and will be implemented.
contribution from affected EGUs under part D, and the extent to which effective mercury control programs in other countries could minimize such impairment; and
The quality of each probe was determined by comparing the intensity of individual probe spots to spots containing 3,10, 30,100 or 300 pg of control probes.
Since the number of febrile patients presenting at most peripheral health facilities in central India far too high to test each patient for the presence of Plasmodium species, hence malaria control programme policy is to provide fever radical treatment.
His attacks won him popular support, which he ultimately parlayed into control of Yugoslavia's Communist Party.
However, during this period there was a general awareness in the AIDS community of tap water as a potential source of cryptosporidial infection [ 29 ] . We believe this prior awareness would have influenced the recall of both cases and controls, thereby reducing any differential recall.
The total hardness of the control should be comparable to the receiving water.
Last week's "Strange Bedfellow" column by Jacob Weisberg, "Such a Deal: The Romance of Rent Control," misstated the title of Jane Jacobs' famous book, The Death and Life of Great American Cities . We had it as "The Life and Death ...
Subjects in the initial investigation were participants in an open-label, multicenter, international Phase III study in which patients were randomized to be treated with either the standard-of-care 5-FU/LV chemotherapy (control arm) regimen alone or 5-FU/LV chemotherapy co-administered with SU5416 (treatment arm) administered twice weekly via intravenous infusion at a dose of 145 mg/m 2(for more detail see [ 13 14 ] ). Affymetrix expression profiling technology was applied to RNA from matched peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) sample pairs (before and after treatment) harvested from subjects, for assessment of changes in gene expression that might correlate with SU5416 administration.
Finally, the Commission considered two significant alternatives that could minimize the impact on small businesses: (1) not including within the purview of "telephones provided for emergency use" those telephones in workplace noncommon areas, in confined settings and in hotels and motels and (2) not requiring volume controls on the covered telephones.
S.I. "Si" Newhouse Jr. and his younger brother, Donald, control Advance Publications, one of America's largest privately held companies.
Finally, to evaluate the impact of glutathione (GSH), a known inhibitor of TNFα-induced ROS formation and apoptosis, on CLENDO cell survival, cells were pretreated with control media or GSH (10 mM) for 30 min, and then treated with or without TNFα (50 ng/ml) for 48 h.
The loss in specificity for this probe sequence also depended on the extent of DAP modification, with one, two, or three mismatches required to reduce the hybridization intensity to ~ 10% for the control, partially modified, and fully modified, respectively, cRNA.
Based on the initial training set, the intensity at each of the consecutive 15,154 M/Z values was first compared using a two-sided Wilcoxon test (see methods) Figure 1shows the pattern of the resulting two-sided Wilcoxon test p-values generated on a training set consisting of 80 cancer patients and 45 controls randomly chosen from the larger data set, with the M/Z values on the x-axis and the negative logarithm (base 10) of the Wilcoxon test p-values on the y-axis.
For the first control, we used a sample of 624 word pairs that failed the joint conservation test (conservation χ 2< 1) found in at least 25 TCRs, but also showed modest constraints on word pair spacing ( p < 0.15).
A positive control of Y187 or Y190 containing both plasmids pTD1 and pVA3 together was included in every β-galactosidase assay.
When inflation jumped in the summer of 1971, Nixon didn't fool around with balanced budgets, tight money, or other conservative nostrums; he slapped on wage and price controls.
The sea urchin, Arbacia punctulata, test requires control egg fertilization equal to or exceeding 70%.
Of the CD4 +T cells, 20 ± 3.6% and 16 ± 2.0% were effector memory cells in the SLE and healthy control groups ( n = 12 in each), respectively, and only a very small population of the cells were terminally differentiated effector memory CD4 +T cells in SLE patients (2.
A recent study by Matsumoto [ 16] demonstrated that patients with decompensated liver cirrhosis had higher levels of exhaled nitric oxide than patients with compensated cirrhosis, chronic liver disease, or controls.
Control hybridizations using a sense strand Gad1 probe were also performed.
The plasmid, pVAX-LacZ, (Clontech, Palo Alto, CA, USA) was used as transfection control.
Advocates of gun rights say Clinton is "exploiting this tragedy in Littleton to further his gun control agenda."
The executive will have met this element by ensuring that information system security plans exist and are implemented in accordance with the National Institute of Standards and Technology and Office of Management and Budget guidelines; ensuring that annual risk assessments are conducted for each identified information security-applications, hardware, software-to ensure that the identified risks, vulnerabilities, and threats are addressed by appropriate security controls; and ensuring that all employees comply with departmental training requirements to understand their information security responsibilities.
With that escalation, communications as well as command and control became increasingly critical and increasingly difficult.
To obtain control cDNA template of a known quantity for generation of standard curves, product from PCR reactions was isolated from agarose gels with the CONCERT™ Rapid Gel Extraction kit (Marligen).
In our study, insertion of the rectangular cages (Corin) increased the rotational stability compared to the control, and the stability was comparable to that with the cylindrical (BAK) cages.
Where A. vitis F2/5 is effective as a biological control agent, its control is only effective when numbers of F2/5 are equal to, or greater than, the number of cells of the virulent strain [ 3 ] . Strains that are resistant to F2/5 biological control are known.
3%) reported having had both ovaries removed; 2% of cases and 1% of controls had both ovaries removed before age 40 years.
It is likely that the market for materials, labor, construction equipment, and other resources used in the construction and operation of air pollution control technologies would respond by increasing production to meet demand where needed.
Wage and price controls then in effect prevented employers from giving raises, but because the government regarded health insurance as a tax-free benefit, employers used it to fatten compensation packages for workers.
After 5 min, the media were replaced with MEM containing 0.02% DMSO (for the control, 10 and 80 μM mefloquine treatment groups) or 2 μM mefloquine for a further 24 h.
8,9,35,39 Gentilello and colleagues noted that although "trauma centers are uniquely positioned to implement pro-grams of alcohol screening, intervention, and referral," and "despite emphasis on injury control and prevention, little has been done to incorporate alcohol intervention programs into care of the injured patient."
In the first reaction, both primers were present during RT single-strand synthesis (positive control).
In strains transformed with the titrating sequence, the ALMs often migrated anteriorly rather than posteriorly and were located anterior to position 5. Thus, the arrays appeared to be sequestering a factor that controls both the direction and extent of ALM migrations.
Adequate supervisory controls also are recommended.
Testis sections served as additional positive controls with each batch of processed slides, and abundant apoptotic cells were always detected.
Over all ages, significantly fewer cases than controls were raised with no specific religion, and among women aged 50 and over cases were less likely than controls to report having been raised in religions other than Protestant, Catholic, or Jewish (Table 2).
After Robert Kennedy's assassination in 1968, he endorsed strong gun control legislation, and as recently as last year he declared that AK-47s are "inappropriate for private use."
Controls (not shown) for every sample were also examined for cytokine-producing cells (upper quadrants) in which no activators were added; 0.0-0.
Controls were matched to cases by month and year of birth in a 10:1 ratio.
If two or more consecutive tests do not fall within the control limits, the results
The Congress also recognized a need for better financial information and controls over costs.
After reading the complaints, Science editor in chief Floyd Bloom formally reprimanded Livingston and took away control of the book-review section.
The control experiment ( Xba I digestion before the run) was done in a CHEF-DR III system (Bio-Rad) under the following conditions: electrophoresis buffer, 0.5 × TBE; 6 V/cm; angle, 120°; pulse time, 4 × 50 sec; run time, 20 hrs; temperature, 14°C.
BRCA1 antisense-infected populations contained significantly less BRCA1 message than control LXSN-infected pools and selected clones contained varying reduced levels of BRCA1 protein compared with control clones (Figs 1aand 1b).
In the present document, genes that are discussed are followed by parentheses indicating fold changes according to the following convention: FUNG versus control diet, FISH versus control diet, and FUNG+FISH versus control diet, e.g.
He got into a believable-looking fight with fellow actors on a Saturday Night Live knockoff show on ABC called Fridays , giving the impression that he had lost control on air.
With most plants needing to install control equipment to meet these requirements, it is likely that this approach would lead to installation of controls that become obsolete and stranded capital investments as additional requirements are promulgated.
Author 3 (RTA) contributed control subjects, their characterization, and control HLA typing, performed statistical comparisons, and edited the manuscript.
Date and time of most recent reference toxicant test, test results, and current control chart
The change in this immunostaining pattern would suggest the deterioration of one of the component which can be correlated with the same control immunostained with the individual antibodies.
We can therefore not exclude that CSN's role in the control of Pcu3p neddylation differs from its role established for Pcu1p [ 10].
Control on Aid to Schools."
The power is determined on the basis of the frequency of the SNP in the control group and the detectable difference in SNP allele frequency in the control group.
With the TFX system, the biological control of Agrobacterium pathogens may be extended to many crops far beyond what is possible today with currently available commercial products.
One quickly gets the impression that much of this material comes from the fringes of California, but Breakaway comes from Norway, The Bucknellian from Bucknell University, in Pennsylvania, Chaos Control from Rhode Island, and so forth.
Among women under the age of 50 years, cases were more likely than controls to have never been pregnant, but the differences were not statistically significant (Table 2).
The Washington Post adds some political reasons: President Clinton briefly interrupted a speech he was giving on education to reaffirm his faith in the strength and soundness of the economy, and the Labor Department issued a report about worker wages that indicates inflation remains under control.
It would not always be possible to identify all relevant control conditions, but to the extent possible, the control conditions should be similar in both populations.
Because SCF complexes have been implicated in cell cycle control in other organisms, we tested whether changing the dosage of cell cycle regulators dominantly modified the mCul1 overexpression phenotype.
Plants were transferred to growth chambers for ozone (O 3 ) fumigation (clean air control plants were transferred to an adjacent chamber under identical conditions except for the O 3 treatment).
The combined frequencies of these ten haplotypes in probands was 0.1441 and in control subjects was 0.0033 ( p < 0.0001).
This process is inherently prone to variability that affects the specificity and sensitivity of the assay, thus requiring evaluation of each microarray data set [ 9 10 12 ] . In order to calibrate the sensitivity and specificity of the output data, appropriate statistical tools applied to reference sequences composed of positive and negative controls may be used to quality control data from a given hybridization.
1. Pat Robertson, firmly in control of the non-tax-cheating Christian Coalition.
Under the act, cities and states are suing to take control of their prisons back from the courts.
The Palestinian Authority's massive security apparatus --more than 80,000 strong--appears to be somewhat out of Arafat's control.
Binding was assayed in the presence of KAAD-cyclopamine at 10 μM (Figure 6c, column 4), tomatadine at 10 μM (Figure 6c; Antag control 1, column 5), Cur61414 at 10 μM (Figure 6c, column 6), or the inactive Cur61414 derivative (Figure 6c; Antag control 2, column 7) at 10 μM.
For those who are unfamiliar with computers and the need for a word-processing package, I should explain that when you buy what is fondly call a “personal” computer, you get three pieces of equipment (though they may be combined in some models or makes): a rectangular box with some slots in the front and sockets in the back, a monitor, which is nothing but a small TV set, and a keyboard, which looks like an ordinary typewriter keyboard but, in many models sold today, has a number of additional keys alongside those for the familiar alphanumeric characters: on mine, nestled among some control keys on the right side is what is called a “number pad,” which resembles the key arrangement one sees on a small adding machine or calculator; on the left side is a double bank of five keys marked “F1” through “F10” which, when pressed alone or in combination with another key, perform certain functions, some of which are useful, others of which are evidently thought useful by the manufacturer but which I never use.
The control treatment with PMA and ionomycin induced JNK phosphorylation in both cell types (Fig 3B, lanes 6 and 12).
Conjugate or TdT were omitted in negative control reactions.
As a control, the cytokine profiles of Tm from normal adult volunteers were examined (Fig.
The prokaryotic controls used in this study contain engineered poly(A) +tails and are available through the American Type Culture Collection [ 10] ( dapB , ATCC 87486; lysA , ATCC 87482; pheB , ATCC 87483; and thrC , ATCC 87484).
Your herding her around suggests that you are compensating, in the sense that you have found a way to assert control.
Both sample positive controls were run with and without 100 fg of internal control to monitor the level of competition between internal control and W. bancrofti template DNA.
A story covers the heated battle between Coke and Pepsi for control of New York City, "one of only four U.S. markets where Pepsi-Cola outsells Coca-Cola Classic."
Respondents were asked the type of drinking water consumed while traveling outside San Francisco, whether they used hot tubs, swam in lakes or streams, or had other recreational exposure in the four weeks prior to diarrhea (for cases) or interview (for controls).
Of those mystery shoppers who went to shops/kiosks, 32% visiting informed outlets were sold SP, compared to only 5% at control outlets (p < .000).
The mutant SKP2-ΔF was used as a negative control.
Differential expression ratios demonstrate very good correlation between the unmodified control sample and the 1:1 DAP:A sample (r = 0.95) on the Human Uniset I microarray.
The mean p27 expression in symptomatic patients (age range 38-73 years) was much higher ( P < 0.0001) when compared to controls (age range 31-49 years).
No NF-κB nuclear binding activity was detected in cells from control animals (Fig.
Diets were fed for 57 days to study chronic and sustained alterations in control of gene expression rather than acute effects.
The most frequent B alleles in controls were B*44 (0.
These networks carry out the functions of alerting, orienting and executive control [ 21 22 ] . Alerting is defined as achieving and maintaining a state of high sensitivity to incoming stimuli; orienting is the selection of information from sensory input; and executive control is defined as involving the mechanisms for resolving conflict among thoughts, feelings and responses.
We disagree on whether the price of keeping South Vietnam out of North Vietnam's control was worth paying--or even if there was a price that might have been politically acceptable in the United States in the early 1970s.
The Department of Defense (DOD) programs we reviewed captured varying amounts of design and manufacturing knowledge in the form of completed engineering drawings and statistical process control data.
Hearts from DCManimals had a significant increase in the number of TUNEL-positivecells compared to controls (5.
Educating users on the terminology of internal control reporting, such as reportable conditions, was also urged so that the users and capital markets do not over react in interpreting the internal control reports.
Normal rabbit serum was used at 1:200 as a negative control.
Subsequent confirmation that both GAPDH and β-actin did not change was provided by RT-PCR, where a simple student's t -test with a predefined nominal α level of 0.05 indicated no significant differences between the experimental diets (B,C,D) and the control diet A. RT-PCR provided a means to confirm the effects of the 3 dietary treatments on 9 genes (Table 1) and the concordance between these 27 microarray and RT-PCR results was examined.
Adherent vascular lung neutrophils isolated from control animals, or 6-12 hours after administration of endotoxin, were plated for 18 hours into 4-well plates (5 × 10 5cells/well).
Control samples are referred to as 'mild controls' or 'moderate controls', according to the IL-1 series with which they were cultured ( n =2 and 2).
We believe, therefore, that the PLM defects were induced by titration of the same factor or factors that control ALM migrations.
Thus, initial analyses using members of the fibrinogen cluster (or with other candidate genes such as GPIbα) will focus on each case/control being classified by the presence of a risk allele (yes/no), with comparison of SNP allele frequencies between groups (stroke/control).
For antibody supershift of binding complexes, 1 μl anti-NF-YA antibody (gift of JP-Y Ting) or 1 μl high-titer anti-DEK human serum (gift of W Szer [ 9 ] ) or 2-3 μl control human serum was added to the binding reaction, and the mixture was incubated on ice for 2 hours before the probe was added.
5 thpercentile of the t-distribution with N-m degrees of freedom, N is the total pooled sample size for a gene, m is the number of treatments including control, s is the pooled standard deviation, n 
The control plasmid, pRL-TK (Promega), expresses the Renilla luciferase gene under the control of the HSV thymidine kinase (TK) promoter.
Probing for cyclin E (positive control) showed low molecular weight protein variants in original protein lysates and IPs.
The relative expression data for a selected subset of potential biomarkers were tested for differences between the SU5416 (treatment) and the standard of care (control) arms.
As shown in Table 2, there were no substantial or statistically significant differences in the frequencies of cases and controls reporting a first-degree relative with breast cancer or a history of benign breast biopsy.
The mechanisms of this voluntary reduction in food intake and change in regulation of body mass may be relevant to the control of eating and weight gain in other mammals.
The internal controls that were considered adequate for external financial reporting were not always sufficient for performance management.
An article warns that Russia is losing control of its nuclear weapons: Its early warning system is disintegrating and the soldiers who man the missiles aren't being paid, raising the possibility of nukes being sold to terrorists.
Expression of CD59 on endothelial cells was not influenced by 24 hrs incubation with 500nM or 5μM CPT as compared with control cells incubated with 0.5% DMSO.
At day 2, the levels of the two transcripts decreased appreciably below the levels of the control skin followed by an increase in expression between day 2 and day 4. In the case of SPARC-null mice, expression of the two transcripts remained below the control unwounded skin at day 2 and day 4 and did not begin to increase until between day 4 and day 6 (Fig.
2) % of the control value at 1.0 mg/kg compared to 68 (±8.
' " NYT columnist Maureen Dowd says Gore's campaign is "already a matter of damage control."
As noted above, in July 2001, Mayor Giuliani updated a directive titled "Direction and Control of Emergencies in the City of New York."
For the β Land α DCTX markers, respectively, 47 and 48% of the metastatic patients had levels 2 SDs above the reference level of nonmetastasised controls (Fig.
In non-treatedDCM animals the hearts weighed significantly less than control hearts(p = 0.01).
The occasional appearance of disciform capitula in S. bigelowii might be explained by introgression of genes or alleles from A. filfolia that control ray expression, a phenomenon observed in discoid Senecio squallidus and radiate S. vulgaris in Europe [ 67 ] . While this is speculative, it is consistent with hypotheses that hybridization and introgression are widespread in sect.
Internal control is not one event, but a series of actions and activities that occur throughout an entity's operations and on an ongoing basis.
2could be explained by a larger steady-state inactivation of the control Ca 2+current at the -40 mV holding potential.
The study coordinator at the local center obtains two tubes of peripheral blood from each patient and each control subject, collected in a 10-mL (8.
These results are similar to the bovine testicular PH-20-increased TNF cytotoxicity of L929 cells [ 15 ] . In contrast, there were no significant differences in the extent of cell death when GFP-Hyal-2 and control GFP-expressing cells were exposed to staurosporine, actinomycin D, daunorubicin, or camptothecin for 16-24 hr (Fig.
A fluorescent-dye labeled oligonucleotide was also purchased from Sequitur Inc. and used as a control to monitor transfection efficiency.
Units subject to subsection (b)(1) for which an alternative emission limitation is established shall not be required to install any additional control technology beyond low NOx burners.
For the cardiac patients the measurements were collected during the first 12 hours of hospitalisation, and for the controls at the end of the interview.
Prevention and control of the spread of antibiotic-resistant organisms will require increased adherence to basic infection control policies and procedures, incorporation of antimicrobial resistance strategies into institutional goals and development of a plan to deal with patients colonized with resistant organisms [ 23 ] .
Internet politics are basically soft libertarian--liberal on social issues, anti-tax, and anti-regulation (but pro-environment and pro-gun control).
While significant problems in the command and control of the PAPD also were exposed on September 11, it is less clear that the Port Authority has adopted new training exercises or major incident protocols to address these shortcomings.
As with other types of internal controls, this is a cycle of activity, not an exercise with a defined beginning and end.
Such a sample size would allow the detection of a difference of 15% in exposure to tap water between cases and controls with 80% power and a 0.05 level of statistical significance.
Internal Control Standards
Mcl-1 is an anti-apoptotic member of the Bcl-2 family whose expression is correlated with decreased apoptosis and increased survival in human neutrophils [ 15 16 ] . Western blot analysis showed that neutrophils from control animals did not express Mcl-1 protein (Fig.
Six replicate two-channel cDNA arrays provided six control and six treatment channels for each B. subtilis study.
It is clear that these transcripts are more frequently induced at day 42 of treatment in the SU5416 arm than in the control arm.
For this reason, it is essential to perform each a genome-wide scan both with and without control for non-syntenic association.
The scale-normalized means prior to quantile normalization, p -values from the 'present' test, a sheet of data from 60 control probe-sets on the Affymetrix chips, and data from the mouse lung tissue control profile
In constant SD in experiment 2, estimated testis volume was slightly reduced, relative to LD controls, in the final third of the study (Fig.
The only "litmus test," explained his adviser Robert Shrum, was the banal "constitutional one, civilian control of the military."
The Clear Skies Act revises Section 107 of the Clean Air Act to authorize the Administrator to designate as transitional an area for which EPA-performed modeling demonstrates that the area will attain the 8-hour ozone or fine particles NAAQS no later than December 31, 2015 through the controls provided under the Clear Skies Act and any other federal controls that have been promulgated.
A key measure of producibility was whether the companies' critical manufacturing processes were in control and product reliability was demonstrated.
Third, when this study was designed the use of highly active anti-retroviral therapy (HAART) was uncommon (about 5%) and this information was not collected on subjects; however, from 1995 to 1999 the use of HAART increased from 5% to 60% among persons living with AIDS in San Francisco [ 31 ] . Although cases and controls were matched on CD4 +T lymphocyte count, the exposure to HAART may have been a potential confounder if this exposure was protective against cryptosporidiosis independent of CD4 +count and if HAART exposure was correlated with decreased tap water consumption.
As an internal control for the RNA isolation procedure, an exogenous RNA that was generated by in vitro transcription from a pBluScriptII plasmid was added to the fractions prior to RNA isolation.
Information for action or for long-term planning was available because mandatory reporting to the SES within 12-24 hours of diagnosis for most conditions under surveillance allowed rapid implementation of control and prevention measures.
Indeed, p53 controls the low-level damage-dependent premeiotic checkpoint which facilitates DNA repair during spermatogenesis [ 25 ] . Gametogenesis is inherently error-prone [ 26 ] and subject to mutations [ 27 ] . Nevertheless, it is imperative to avoid genotoxic complications that could become integrated into the germline.
6, a large number of control cells underwent apoptosis, as indicated by morphological changes (small round shape) and bright blue nuclear staining.
The odds ratios estimated for drinking water were not significant: among those who drank filtered or bottled water the point estimates were 2.29 (all controls) and 2.11 (neighborhood controls only) that among boiled water drinkers, and this estimate was 3.56 (all controls) and 2.91 (neighborhood controls) among those who drank tap water without further treatment or processing.
Our finding of an increased rate of germ cell apoptosis in 21 and 30 days old ABP-TG mice as compared to controls is consistent with the possibility that the reduced fertility (reduced germ cell number) seen in the ABP-TG mice during adulthood may be due to increased apoptosis of germ cells during the first wave of spermatogenesis in the pubertal period.
Whereas the positive control (trypsin) was able to digest the substrate at specific sites in the gel, the supernatants of our treated fibroblasts did not.
The amount of ceramide generated by CLENDO cells in response to TNFα treatment (50 ng/ml) was determined in three independent sets of experiments via the diacyl glycerol kinase assay as described [ 26 40 ] . Each experiment contained an untreated control that was used for comparison with TNFα treated samples.
A key factor in helping achieve such outcomes and minimize operational problems is to implement appropriate internal control.
Progressive and sequential random digit dialing anchored on the telephone number of the case is a CDC-designed sampling scheme that we were required to use as part of the national study for the enrollment of neighborhood and different water district age-matched controls.
Furthermore, since some GPCRs can modulate MAP kinase activity, MAP kinase regulation of GPCR function may then serve as a form of negative feedback control in much the same way that protein kinase A, protein kinase C and the G protein-coupled receptor kinases (GRKs) regulate GPCRs.
The control technologies considered by this report as candidates to be used for multipollutant control strategies include: limestone forced oxidation (LSFO) flue gas desulfurization (FGD) for the control of SO2, SCR for the control of NOX, and activated carbon injection (ACI) for the control of mercury.
Prior to use in making inoculum suspensions for biological control assays these strains were grown overnight on BSM agar without kanamycin.
3% (39/88) of controls consumed hot black tea (p = 0.44).
They were listed as grain filling in the control set but were not selected with the SVD method.
Transgenic mice have been extensively used to identify regulatory elements that control gene expression in vivo [ 20 21 ] . This has, in turn allowed the elucidation of regulatory networks that control cell differentiation during development.
The NYT editorial page, which has been tough on Clinton lo these many months, agrees with Gephardt, in an editorial titled "Out of Control."
did not include the seven control samples in their analysis.
Patients who screened positive on a combination of blood alcohol concentration (BAC), serum gamma glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT), and SMAST scores, and who agreed to a follow-up study, were randomized into an intervention or control procedure.
Johne's disease, also called paratuberculosis, is a chronic granulomatous enteritis of ruminant animals caused by Mycobacterium avium subspecies paratuberculosis ( M. paratuberculosis ). While Johne's disease can end in death of the animal, the economic impact of this disease is much more significant [ 1 2 ] . Losses are estimated to be $200/clinically infected cow/year and are a result of animal culling, reduced milk production, poor reproductive performance, and reduced carcass value [ 1 3 ] . Research on the pathogenesis and immunology of M. paratuberculosis infections of cattle is necessary to allow design of more rational diagnostic and control procedures.
Once control is established, an assessment is made to measure the process's ability to build a part within specification limits as well as how close the part is to that specification.
2, expression of the S77A mutant resulted in decreased relative phosphorylation of immunoprecipitated RARα in stable clones compared to G418 resistant control cells.
(4) assess compliance and control effectiveness.
Intensity differences for pairs of control signals ( S1-S2 ) were calculated, as well as average signals for each pair (( S1+S2 )/2).
There appears to be no relationship between the intrinsic expression "strength" or potential and change in Tag expression as a function of G 1 phase fraction (time) or cell density, i.e., growth related control of Tag expression.
They and the control subjects were given a neuroendocrine, genetic, and clinic evaluation, including a physical exam, in addition to computed tomography of the sella turcica and karyotyping of peripheral leukocytes.
Our intentions are to (1) assist agencies in maintaining sound internal control and (2) help them focus requests for our assistance on the effectiveness of planned internal control for revised payment systems.
Two years into World War I, on Easter Monday, 24 April 1916, the Easter Rising began when the Citizen’s Army, led by trade unionist James Connolly, and the Irish Republican Brotherhood, led by poet Padráig Pearse, took control of a number of key buildings in the capital.
There were always exceptions to this reign of the managers, to be sure, including Ford, where the Ford family kept tight control at least through the end of World War II; IBM, which was run by founder Thomas Watson and his son for most of the century; and DuPont.
The yield of control and aged cells varied from 58-89% generally, whereas the yield from HIV +blood generally fell between 24-68%.
Constructing exogenous spiking cRNA controls and a PCR amplicon printing set to assess oligonucleotide sensitivity
Most of the construction activities, such as earthwork, foundations, process electrical and control tie-ins to existing items, can occur while the boiler is in operation.
LLWO2F cell extracts (50 ug) were immunoprecipitated with approximately 1 ug of isoform-specific rabbit antiserum to PP1α as previously described [ 38 ] . Immunoprecipitation with 1 ug of normal rabbit serum served as a negative control.
3 To assist in reviewing within-test variability, EPA recommends maintaining control charts of PMSDs calculated for successive effluent tests (USEPA, 2000b).
Under low Ca 2+-buffering conditions, calcium current inhibition in control (mGluR5b alone) was 25 ± 4% (n = 9).
The Rajput warrior clans fought each other for control in what is now Rajasthan, the Kathiawar peninsula, and as far east as Khajuraho.
Three years into his term he dropped his strident opposition to gun control when the position began hurting his poll numbers.
An important element of the overall control technology implementation is the time needed to connect, or hook up, the control technology equipment, particularly in relationship to the planned outage time for the unit.
However, during the last third of the experiment (measurements in weeks 36-52) the INT group had lower food intake relative to the LD controls (P = 0.02, F = 6.70).
Educating users on the terminology of internal control reporting, such as reportable conditions, was also urged so that the users and capital markets do not over react in interpreting the internal control reports.
Our previous analysis of the Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-compound mutant thymocyte phenotype showed a specific partial block at the TN to DP transition, associated with increased apoptosis at both the TN4/pre-DP and DP subsets, and a 10-fold decrease in DP cell numbers [ 29 ] . Using BrdU analysis, we compared the proliferation of Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-fetal thymocytes during the TN to DP transition compared to littermate controls.
LDH activity was not different from controls in cells treated for 12 to 16 hours with either 200 nM wortmannin, 5 μM LY294002, 20 nM rapamycin, or 10 μM PD98059 (data not shown).
The general ledger system is integrated into business processes and is adequate for financial reporting and control.
Four experimental groups of male C57BL/6J mice were studied: 1) sleep deprived from light-onset (ZT0) to ZT6; 2) control mice for the SD group; 3) 6 h SD (ZT0-ZT6) followed by 4-h recovery sleep (ZT6-ZT10); and 4) control mice for the recovery group (n = 7 mice/group).
However, control limits of ± 2S will be exceeded 5% of the time by chance alone, regardless of how well a laboratory performs.
Each city has begun to find ways to reclaim public spaces and control and nurture its youth on its own terms--Boston, San Diego, Fort Worth, etc.
Control Lifr -/- pups could not be identified by gross morphology or behavior.
Secondly, a separate piece of liver was excised from three of the individual control mice ( n = 3) to additionally and independently extract a second set of RNA; these three mice were chosen at random from the group of five.
Moreover, to ensure that viral replication, and not simply the process of viral infection, is responsible for the mutations in a rescued plasmid, a control transfection-superinfection was performed using the pol mutant, HP66, which is unable to replicate.
The control lane represents the results obtained from oocytes processed under control conditions (with β-mercaptoethanol as the only reducing agent).
The number of addresses is set as a "control" variable in the equation, allowing us to develop average costs.
Known immunostaining-positive slides were used as positive controls.
5. Three untreated control litters containing in total 6 Lifr +/+, 3 Lifr +/- and 7 Lifr -/- pups were studied.
The baseline and demographic characteristics of cases and controls are presented in Table 1. The distribution of gender, race, Hispanic ethnicity, and chronic medical conditions for controls was similar to that of cases.
For example 3,591 of the 15,154 M/Z values had mean intensities that varied between cancer and control with a p-value of 10 -6or less.
Further guidance on control activities for information processing is provided below under "Control Activities Specific for Information Systems."
For weeks, with increasing explicitness, Gore has accused Bradley of "walking away from the fight" by voting for Reagan's 1981 budget, opposing farm subsidies, and retiring from Congress after Republicans took full control in 1995.
CLENDO cells treated with TNFα for 12 h showed no significant difference in the number of non-apoptotic cells compared with the 72 h untreated control.
Based on these data, we propose a model for CD5 transcriptional control in resting T cells that includes interaction between CD5X, CD5Y and Ets-1.
Genomic DNA was treated with sodium bisulphite as previously described [ 33 ] . Placental DNA treated in vitro with Sss I methyltransferase (New England Biolabs, Beverly, MA) and similarly treated normal lymphocyte DNA were used as controls for methylated and unmethylated templates, respectively.
9A) shows that only IGF2, IGF2R, and IGFBP3 are best at discriminating control from SN50-treated explants.
Even during last spring's spike in prices, no Democrat advocated price controls or punitive taxes on Big Oil.
Still, I can't dislike a picture in which, when all seems lost, the hero turns to the Mission Control camera and says, "Prepare the world for bad news."
They reject the new property because it threatens their absolute control of the old.
As control, cells treated with levels of H
Patient profiles and characteristics are shown in Table 1. Age- and sex-matched healthy control groups were included for the RA and the SLE patient groups (control group for RA: n = 8, age range 32-61 years [mean 50 years]; and control group for SLE: n = 12, age range 22-61 years [mean 46 years]).
While the mayor's position on the merits of certain art has been highly topical and controversial in New York City (and for those who read the New York Times in other areas of the country), in most of the sections of the country he is best known for his record on crime control.
7This comment was based on the standards and guidance contained in Internal Control-Integrated Framework, published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission, for reporting on the effectiveness of internal control, which addresses a company's control environment including boards of directors and audit committees.
People are what make internal control work.
The engineering drawing package released to manufacturing includes items such as the schematic of the product's components, interface control documents, a listing of materials, notations of critical manufacturing processes, and testing requirements.
Microsoft's Internet Explorer uses this method for its ActiveX controls, which it calls "Authenticode TM ." These controls are small programs with no artificial constraints on their behavior.
It can fix its exchange rate without emasculating its central bank, but only by maintaining controls on capital flows (like China today); it can leave capital movement free but retain monetary autonomy, but only by letting the exchange rate fluctuate (like Britain--or Canada); or it can choose to leave capital free and stabilize the currency, but only by abandoning any ability to adjust interest rates to fight inflation or recession (like Argentina today, or for that matter most of Europe).
"You won't hear any apologies from me," said Dr. Stephen Ostroff of the Centers for Disease Control.
Mandatory controls are not the only way to solve public health and environmental problems.
In this study population, approximately 44% of the cases and controls were classified as regular aspirin users.
83) sec after control and it decreased to 1.5 (±0.
At the top of every hour, the bridge calls down to the Engineering Control Center to record the seawater temperature from an engine room gauge.
Ballmer would take control of the applications division."
In a prevention study, DNA would be available both from patients with stroke and from stroke-free controls, but the intervention may alter the outcome (stroke) sufficiently to confound interpretation of the results of a genetic association study.
The expression profiles for genes in the control set found by one pattern or another were averaged (Class A).
In GAO's recently revised Standards for Internal Control in the Federal Government, Exposure Draft (GAO/AIMD-98-21.
SMBG, Lab Testing, and Glycemic Control
I can't believe that the director, Sam Raimi ( The Evil Dead , 1983; last year's A Simple Plan ) thought that all those scenes of Costner and Preston staring into space while the piano plinks would end up in the final cut, but Raimi apparently gave up control of the final cut for the sake of making his first, real mainstream picture.
That is a claim that is impossible to test, because you cannot control, in an experimental sense, environmental differences among the study groups.
The projection neurons of the dorsal horn also activate the descending control system, which in turn controls the gain of dorsal horn neurons either through excitatory or inhibitory mechanisms.
However, immuno-staining of the sperm in the lumen of the cauda sections (F and G) serves as an internal control, being similar in color to the epithelium for the presence and absence of the signal.
Internal control should generally be designed to assure that ongoing monitoring occurs in the course of normal operations.
What is wrong is surrendering control of that copy to such persons.
In our judgment, this falls short of an optimal response plan, which requires clear command and control, common training, and the trust that such training creates.
As a control, incubation with a 35S-methionine-labeled luciferase protein failed to show any interaction.
Since it is also the most demanding in terms of resources needed for installation, it was assumed to be the only technology used for NOX control.
Their take on U.S. politics: "THE RACIST JEWISH MAFIA CONTROL AMERICA 100%!"
reassessing the appropriateness of existing controls and security-relatedactivities, (4) identifying the need for new controls, and (5) redirecting subsequent monitoring efforts.
Assessment of cell proliferative activity by MTT assay and counting of viable cells (data not shown) indicated that the number of MCF-7 cells in ribozyme-expressing cultures was significantly higher than that in control cultures (Fig.
Keyes : Consolidated control of the banking system at the federal level.
