Yet when the first hard frost comes, when the birches have been swung, their crimson leaves scattered carelessly, when crystals splint shallow ponds and old egrets stand dark watch the coming dawn, long-legged, knowing how winter is thin, when the first phase transition of water to ice forms slight solidity across meadow streams, small creatures of flesh and concept tiptoe gingerly to some far side where, perhaps, something new is to be found.
They were a barbaric race, and their custody of the area brought about a dark period during which the written word was forgotten and art disappeared.
The sad truth is that most executive teams won't respond that way to these dark days of uncertainty.
Before she stepped inside, she looked into his dark blue eyes, and said goodbye.
Before she stepped inside, she looked into his dark blue eyes, and said goodbye.
Her eyes are rimmed red, with dark bags under them, testifying her exhaustion.
Sometimes it’s difficult to believe, as I look into Drew’s light face, that he was ever that dark, depressed boy who wore nothing but black and listened to the same song over and over again.
She hesitantly handed him the coin, and his dark, empty eyes invited her on the barge.
In a blur a lovely woman with startlingly dark hair took a seat across from Jake.
After dark I carried her to the cave.
It was like the sun coming out from behind a dark, gloomy cloud.
A dark, mysterious voice answered him.
I stretched out over my bed, twirling a dark lock of hair on my finger.
Shards ripped at my clothing, hundred mile-per-hour winds immediately shooting me out into the opening, spinning me around and around until - Dark.
His documentary is full of subtle humor, jaw-dropping dialogue and dark contrasts.
Alternatively, a person could wear very dark glasses, as light avoidance could help minimize the problems of light exposure at the wrong time of day or night.
As we sink into our own ruins, the dark horse rides on America!
The dark horse rides on!
Dear Friend, Think what it would be like to live in a world of dark shapes and shadows where you never know what to expect; to feel afraid to go places, to be hesitant about every step you take.
Second, I was floating in the dark remnants of my broken ship, and any conceivable light sources were not within view; starlight is a distinctly different color and significantly less bright.
Zheng, short and dark and lean, with a very intense gaze.
Furniture (dark wood, expensive, polished, no secret compartments), clothes, leftover tray of half-consumed food from the previous day's lunch, toiletries (complete with miniature bottles of sweet-smelling apricot honey lotion), lightscreen, me.
The climate here can best be described as “changeable” and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark, sunshine to shower, are part of the city’s magic.
Since it was totally dark, all she could see was the blinking wing-tip light.
He's closing them again when he notices that there are two snakes still sitting in a dark corner.
It has a light side & a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
Why is it called "after dark" when it really is "after light"?
It came in through my mother's blood; my Russian grandmother would always tell me stories, bylichkas, of ancestors with the "second sight", stupid mill owners who discovered bags of gold after letting a special fish off their hooks, and dark strangers who used to appear to help or interfere at crucial times.
It was dark enough that I could actually see a few stars through the screen of city light.
Walking outside, I was shocked to see that it was already dark.
Inside, the space opened into a wide, square chamber mirrored and so dark that it could have been any size.
I thought back to seeing the man in the hollow church and described his skin, his dark hair, the way that light seemed to flow around him, as best as I could.
A dark glow coalesced around her palms.
The dark glow grew stronger and larger, filling the air for about a foot around her hands.
The dark glow began to flicker, and Isis’ frown of concentration became one of worry.
She gasped and the dark glow went out, taking the blood with it in a flash of heat and red steam.
When we got there, another pale servant was waiting for us with a box of dark stained wood.
On the floor was Dvorov’s head, separated from his body by several feet and a growing puddle of dark blood.
Inside was a dark room that looked like a storage space for DJ equipment.
The crew slipped on dark glasses to prepare for the blinding flash of the bomb.
He pushed off the dark glasses because he couldn't see to fly.

Do you fear that dark abyss?
The dark side of ambition.
Passionate, fiery colors filled the western sky before him, though the sun itself had reached the trees and a few dark clouds circled overhead.
His handfuls could do nothing to quench the hewn, burning logs, but when the night sky grew dark above him and the fire dwindled to black ashes, tears threatened to spill forth and extinguish the final embers.
Spencer's magnificent self-portrait of 1914, dark and mysterious as a Rembrandt, was snatched up by an important London collector.
There, too, was the French actress Julie Delpy, with a flowing blond mane and an inch of dark roots, the new ideal of perfect blond young womanhood.
ruthlessly handsome 'black Irishman' with dark eyes that he used to his advantage.
Later in the day, Nevada's senators and both its congressmen appear to chew out the commission for even thinking that Nevada might have a dark side.
In this he is in the dark company of most members of the Russian Duma and provincial legislatures, a generation of former Soviet officials thrown into democratic forums for which they have no instinct and little respect.
Astronomer John Kormendy explains new research showing that some small galaxies have dark matter densities about 100 times greater than that of large galaxies.
In Bettelheim: A Life and a Legacy (1996), she follows a resourceful Hansel figure as he struggles to escape a dark Viennese forest and find fame in America, "dropping little white pebbles along his path."
By 72 hr postinfection, the macrophage cytoplasm is dark and the cell appears necrotic, possibly due to the heavy mycobacterial load or apoptosis.
Athens comes alive after dark with a range of activities to fill your diary.
And yet we persevere; it becomes personal--to weather a storm is one of the ultimate challenges of the sea; to see it calm from its fury is like emerging from the dark side of the moon; euphoric moods erupt only to be outdone by the euphoria of returning home.
He is correct to identify the glibness, guile, and style with which Reed manipulates mass audiences, but he doesn't point out that this masks a dark, self-serving ambition.
But a closer look shows they all have dark eyes and dark eyebrows and that their hair spreads from a center part where at least an inch or two of dark roots is clearly visible on either side.
The cold, dark and austere 16th-century Sé (cathedral) remains.
The cave drops precipitously 65 m (213 ft) into a dark cavern where the imagination begins to work overtime — what demons could lurk here?
True blondes used to thank providence for their hair, then paint their brows and lashes dark to create enough smolder to match its conventionally sexy shimmer.
Indeed, Washington wore a dark brown suit, entirely made in America, for his first inaugural on April 30, 1789.
IOP is increased during the dark period of the day
Everybody had abundant streaks or sizable tracts of blondness, all supported by dark roots under the outer layers of golden glow.
"I'm not sure, but if Bob Barr is going, I'll bet he doesn't touch any 'Special Dark' chocolate."
Previously, a rise of IOP was reported to occur before onset of the dark period in rats [ 21 ] , and rats and rabbits were shown to have higher IOP during the dark period compared to the light period [ 21 68 69 ] . Thus, we compared the IOPs of mice at different times of day and identified several strains with significantly higher IOP during the dark compared to the light period.
The poet William Cowper once wrote “philologists who trace/A panting syllable through time and space,/Start it at home, and hunt it in the dark/To Gaul, to Greece, and into Noah's ark.”

The tubes were incubated for 15 min at 4°C in dark and washed with cold PBS at 1200 rpm for 5 min.
After rinsing with PBS, cells were incubated in the dark (20 h at 37°C) in a buffer containing X-gal substrate (1 mg/ml), potassium ferricyanide (100 mM), and potassium ferrocyanide (100 mM).
Nerves estimated to contain 0-25 dark staining axons per section and limited or no gliosis were rated as mild.
My own obscure favorites include the first books of Honor Tracy (Irish-born satirist who makes Evelyn Waugh's work taste like the milk of human kindness), the dark early writing of Sigrid Undset (before her religious conversion, which radically changed her style), and the best novels of manners by John Marquand--all of which are largely unknown to contemporary readers (particularly young ones).
The samples were allowed to dry in the dark and were viewed using a 100 × objective lens on a Nikon Eclipse E400 epifluorescence microscope from Nikon Inc. (Melville, NY).
C3H/He mice, wild type (+/+) at the rd locus, were originally obtained from Dr. Michael Menaker at University of Virginia and then maintained as a breeding colony in ventilated environmental compartments within a temperature-controlled animal facility (24 -25°C) on a 12 hour light:12 hour dark cycle (LD), except as noted.
Hobbes follows up on the Lyons-Spakowski riddle and--due in part to a much more responsive and comprehensive version of America Online than exists in reality--discovers that the killer's body had been possessed by the spirit of a dark angel named Azazel.
George W. Bush endured a dark night of the soul when he watched his father's approval rating fall from 92 to 38.
Mice were killed between 2 p.m. and 4 p.m., and were housed on a 12:12 light:dark cycle.
The environment was kept at 21°C with a 14 hour light: 10 hour dark cycle.
DATE REFERENCE TO dark REFERENCE TO death 1937 the darkest valley eliminated 1964 valley of dense darkness eliminated 1966 a gloomy valley eliminated 1966 in total darkness eliminated 1969 a valley of deepest darkness eliminated 1969 Nothing lurking in the dark ravine eliminated 1969 the valley of darkness eliminated 1970 a valley dark as death 1970 dark valley eliminated 1971 valley of deep darkness eliminated 1976 valley of the darkness of death 1976 a valley overshadowed by death 1977 the valley of death 1982 the valley of deepest darkness eliminated 
And I hate short sleeved shirts when they wear them with dark neckties, skinny swine knocking on closed doors; and I had a habit of counting bricks, a nice obsession compared with
Blondness has become just one of the many attractive ways to adorn dark hair.
Clinton should wear his soberest Leader-of-the-Free-World outfit: dark blue suit, white shirt, dark tie.
"Darth Vader (dark invader?)
If functional in rice, their light repressed elements would explain the higher expression in root, which grows in dark conditions.
The raven-haired beauty, her voluptuous curves thrusting against the tight fabric of a low-cut white dress, stood outside the door of the Oval Office near midnight, a come-hither look in her flashing, dark eyes.
Holbrooke is adding a dark afterword to new editions of his book on Balkans diplomacy.
8% of the respondents correctly reported mosquito habitat as stagnant water, inside dark houses, or vegetation.
People began as insects who inhabited the dark, watery first world.
Islanders come to see and pray to a statue of the Madonna and Child, La Moreneta (or “little dark one”), so called because of its dark stone color.
If anything, say the pundits, Clinton is shrewd to solidify political support during these dark days.
On a dark night in mid-August 1775, several boats sailed into the dark harbor of Tobacco Bay near Fort St. Catherine and, in a daring and dangerous raid, stole 100 kegs of gunpowder from the main ordnance store.
Alot of the dark humor of the book comes from Rosenbaum's straight-faced attempts to lay out the rival theories of Hitler Studies one by one.
E15 + 2 CONT or SN50-treated explants were sectioned, incubated with anti-PCNA using the Zymed mouse PCNA kit (South San Francisco, CA), and counterstained with hematoxylin as previously described [ 13 ] . In this set of experiments, the cytoplasm appears blue and PCNA-positive cells appear dark brown.
Here was a man who whispered terrible, dark things about himself under his breath.
Fat appears dark on mammograms, whereas the radiographically light areas representing epithelial and connective tissue are relevant to breast cancer risk.
They were maintained in the dark and at 4°C until examined.
Oh, sure, the days were long, the factories were dark, and the machines claimed both my pinkies, but at least I never had to play dodge ball again.
After washing the sections 4 times in PBS, diaminobenzidine tetra-hydrochloride (DAB) was used to develop the color (dark brown).
A staircase creak in a dark old house makes him shiver.
And was she ever unfaithful to Bob in those dark times before Viagra?
It seems to me that Harry's final confrontation with the dark forces will have to involve his overcoming the temptation to join them.
("This typically German combination of dark ecology and Nazi trauma found such disfavor," Buruma continues, "that Grass went off to India to sulk."
When I look back now at the Vietnam era and recall what people (including me) thought and said, I think a dark cloud must have passed over the country.
If the Fed chairman were to die, McCain said, "I would do like they did in the movie Weekend at Bernie's . I would prop him up and put a pair of dark glasses on him."
The day of his death was a dark cold day.
To hell with liberals and their cherished notion of tolerance, since the people who benefit from it (such as fundamentalists and supremacists) would punch a liberal silly if they found one in a dark alley.
The paper mentions a mysterious object in the landing area that scientists are anxious to investigate with the rover, and quotes mission team member Dr. Peter Smith as saying that it "appeared to be something long, dark and shaped a little like a couch.
I see the cause of exhilaration but don't have Larry's dark forebodings.
A story says that legal publisher Steve Brill will launch a glossy, hard-hitting media-criticism magazine called Content . Mel Gibson is on the cover: The puff inside implies, unpersuasively, that he has a deep, dark soul.
Bill Bradley has new ideas and name recognition, but may be too airy and intellectual; dark horse Massachusetts Sen.
His main strength: At 54, and with no ties to the nation's dark past, Schröder would be the first chancellor to look forward instead of back--vital in the less serious, less arrogant cultural climate of modern Germany.
Book -- Reading in the Dark , by Seamus Deane;
Reviewers are divided over whether this unusually dark horror film--starring Mira Sorvino as a scientist who hatches killer cockroaches--represents B-movie brilliance or garden-variety trash.
Theater -- Wait Until Dark .
A few interpret the dark hues of his later works as a reflection of his own tragic life, which ended in alcoholism and suicide.
art film par excellence" (Todd McCarthy, Daily Variety ). Critics like its dark humor and shadow-heavy style, deeming Aronofsky to be the "rare indie filmmaker who doesn't want to make hip romantic sitcoms" (Richard Corliss, Time ). Not all are impressed: The New York Times ' Stephen Holden calls the black-and-white hand-held camera style "awfully hard to watch."
Large parts of the complicated plot and all Irving's dark humor have been excised, resulting in the loss of the author's blessing and the right to use the novel's name.
We get a brief glimpse of a dark glowing warmth in cut glass as the pouch falls away, much as a shift might fall from the shoulders of a man's lover.
In Britain, the Financial Times published a front page interview with Japan's central bank governor, Masaru Hayami, in which he called on his government to cut income and corporate taxes in its promised emergency package to banish the "dark prospects" hanging over the country's economy.
As you can hear on this clip from Time Out of Mind 's "Not Dark Yet," Dylan's voice doesn't have much left.
John McCain, who is allergic to their blandishments and threats, just as he is allergic to the cozy, sleazy compromises of this dark city, just as he is allergic to the mendacious hypocrisies of politics as it is practiced in late-20 th century America.
During the winter, when it's cold and dark, couples don't want to go out much but are quite willing to stay home and look after other people's children--thereby accumulating points they can use on balmy summer evenings.
There's no right to say, "Your money or your life" to a stranger in a dark alley; there's no right to spread intentional falsehoods about your product or your enemy's character.
In front of the gates, a dozen or so young men stood around in dark uniforms.
It takes religion, removes all the dark images that drive up its negatives--like judgment, obligation, or anything that might not be career enhancing--and replaces them with self-esteem and moral medals of honor.
The fact that Ceppos has defected to the dark side merely fuels the fire.
Despite the six-cylinder spin cycle, USAT says that "there was no ignoring the dark mood that settled over the White House" in Willey's wake.
One of my favorites among these paintings, Untitled V (1982), is built around a repeated shape that is like a dark letter "S."
The colorful little symbols filling the grids remind me of Gustav Klimt (whom Close studied in Vienna in 1964), especially when Close is luxuriating in the dark tangle of the artist Kiki Smith's hair ( Kiki , 1993).
Many of us got our first sense of that term reading about the Left Bank--Sartre and de Beauvoir and Camus in dark sweaters and a haze of Gaulloises, quaffing rough red wine and arguing about Algeria and the Absolute--or the slightly less outre Partisan
The camera faithfully recorded his impishness; Aguirre, Wrath of God and Fitzcarraldo are grand, dark, but also comic, and Kinski supplies the lion's share of the wit.
But does that mean that we face a repeat of the dark years of soup kitchens and brownshirts leading up to world war?
Theroux finds the British most hilarious when indulging in the rituals of empire ("dark comedy and absurdity," he calls it).
Her celebrity image is both frivolous and terrifying: Imagine the souls of Fran Lebowitz and Yogi Berra mingling in a woman who looked like an ancient statue, with a huge, flat face and dark little dots for eyes.
Toru's conversations with the lieutenant yield an enduring image: a dry well, whose dark silences facilitate thought and force people to confront their demons.
Bill, Bob, Al, and Jack are more visible in their smooth, dark envelopes than they are in the multicolored, bunchy stuff required for golf or hiking, picnics or beaches.
It seems that the bohemian spirit has gone beyond the old war against palatable daylight hypocrisy waged in the costume of stark dark truth.
Another was the dark and impeccable Parisienne Jacqueline, Comtesse de Ribes, herself a designer, whose masterpiece here must have suited her perfectly.
But a closer look shows they all have dark eyes and dark eyebrows and that their hair spreads from a center part where at least an inch or two of dark roots is clearly visible on either side.
David Lifton, famous for his theory that JFK's body was surgically altered before the autopsy, has written elsewhere that portions of the head shot sequence look suspiciously dark to him and that some of JFK's "movements" may be special effects.
The original Godzilla is a dragon , a mythical destroyer who's close in spirit to the Jewish legend of the Golem--the colossal, indestructible clay man summoned up out of all the dark forces of this world who can't be destroyed by any of this world's weapons.
Small box of Tide.My eyes closed over The Burden of the Past by W. J. Bateand my eyes opened, hot room smell of soap and hot fabric,and my father's shirt was dark pink, like a heart.But my eyes closed, after the hours in the sun andbuying the stuff for sandwiches for everybody andmaking sure Nick and the girls didn't really hurt the seagullsand after Asa felt sick at lunch and after the humid tennisso my eyes closed.
There's no dark conspiracy.Meanwhile the kids are having a pretty good timewhich is the whole point.
At the supermarket, I stared for a long time at the delectable dark green foliage and deep red stem and spine of Swiss chard.
In rhapsodic language reminiscent of Henry Roth, Kazin takes in all the crackling sounds and sights of the emerging city, the trolleys and the crush of people and the dark roofs of Manhattan.
Later, in the 1960s, we were told that the melting pot did not take dark meat.
The dark analogs of the personalized God are one's personal demons--which represent the individually customized version of what used to go by the nontechnical terms Bad Behavior or Guilt or simply Evil.
One wonders whether the dark and shadowy world of his photographs might have had some association in his mind with the ambivalence he felt toward the Jews he posed in such excruciating positions.
And when Derek gets out of prison, we see that the principal has reached him, too--that he's ready to exchange a dark white father for a white dark father.
With sufficiently dark humor, any topic can be fair game.
Sam Raimi's dark morality fable impresses the critics: It's a "rivetingly accomplished crime thriller" (Gleiberman, Entertainment Weekly ). As two brothers who happen on millions of dollars in a plane that's crashed into a snow bank, Bill Paxton and Billy Bob Thornton turn in performances that "can be described only as flawless" (Roger Ebert, the Chicago Sun-Times ). The reviewers have some reservations: The moral deterioration of the characters is hard to watch, and the inevitability of the plot's outcome can be stifling.
"A small, dark room filled with the screams of innocent Cambodians.
Dark matter constitutes most of the universe.
If so, look for a Nathan Detroit comeback soon: The picture inside USAT of Clinton making his remarks about the tobacco bill depicts the president in a sartorial style rarely seen in official Washington--a dark shirt and a light tie.
The plot is labyrinthine and the body count high, but critics agree that the film is "dark, dangerous, and a great deal of wicked, amoral fun" (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ). Many compare Ritchie's style to Quentin Tarantino's.
Do dark and brooding News Quiz participants regard any effort at reform as insincere or just the IOC's?
The general tone of Cramer's piece is dismissive of financial journalists (or at least those who would criticize him) as know-nothings or, worse, conspirers with the dark forces of the finance industry.
I am the great Shopping Avenger, who hath descended to Earth from the planet Galleria in a nuclear-fueled Chrysler Town & Country minivan (base price: $27,385, left sliding door standard in most models) to save you from the dark forces of turbo-charged capitalism and shoddy customer service.
A few days' wandering its marble halls reveals homogeneity on the surface--where did they find so many identical dark suits?
It is I, the great Shopping Avenger, who has toiled without pause this past month (all right, I paused) to right the wrongs inflicted on the buying masses by the dark forces of turbocharged capitalism.
, Lucas dramatizes the interrogation so ineptly that you either have to take Yoda's word that there's something wrong with the boy ("Clouded this boy's future is") or to conclude that Yoda, like us, is moving backward through time and has already seen Episodes 4 through 6. Anakin, he says smugly, has fear in him, and fear leads to anger and anger to the dark side--which would mean, as I interpret it, that only people without fear (i.e.
But Wilde's protagonists all have dark secrets, and Chiltern's turns out to be a doozy.
Wally "Famous" Amos reveals his feelings about the dark days when his cookie empire collapsed.
There are, however, only six choices on the skin tone chart, from "porcelain," to a suspiciously light "dark brown."
With all those cameras onscreen, they've liberated horror from the realm of movies--from the realm of the light--and nestled it back into the dark where it was born.
Maybe you have to be sophisticated to make a picture so effortlessly, cheerfully facile about a subject so dark and convoluted.
A clerk in the beetle department of a Tokyo department store (who has a pair of okuwagata stag beetles captured from the wild "on sale" right now for just $43,000) told the paper that the bugs "might actually like it in a machine because they seem to be comfortable in dark, narrow spaces."
In an entirely unrelated development, ABC and parent company Disney have come under fire for a promotion run by their KLOS-FM radio station, in which morning disc jockeys Mark and Brian offered dark gardening implements to callers.
In principle, lagers can be dark, fierce, manly.
Robert G. Kaufman, in a long review in the Weekly Standard (which welcomes Buchanan's departure from the Republican Party), paints Buchanan as having gone over to the dark side: He's "a representative of one of the perpetual temptations of conservative thought."
dark afternoon.
San is first seen sucking a wound of her huge wolf mother, then, as the gore drips from her mouth, training her dark eyes on Ashitaka with feral hatred.
Wigand's dark night of the soul is in a hotel, indicted, financially ruined, threatened with death, minus his wife and daughters; Bergman's is in an expensive-looking beach house with his warmly supportive spouse (Lindsay Crouse).
The dark suits he wears make him look like a lounge singer, not an enforcer.
He blatantly appealed to Croat prejudice, emphasizing that Croats needed to unshackle themselves from the dirty, dark Muslims and Serbs to their south and east and join their real home, Europe.

In Washington, important people of both sexes still wear dark suits of conservative cut.
Dark horses inside the magazine include Remnick and Kurt Andersen.
The WB network's hit family series 7 th Heaven has been celebrated for its uncommon pleasantness and normalcy by publications as disparate as The New Yorker , Spin , and TV Guide . Now, you can indulge the show in that fashion if you've seen it once or twice, but after repeated viewing you can't help suspecting that its niceness is the punch line to a dark joke.
[From Playing After Dark by Barbara L. Ascher, Doubleday, . Submitted by .]
A capulín is a small, shiny-black fruit, and the title means that the girl's “little eyes”--the diminutive of affection, with no hint that she was beady-eyed--were dark and lustrous.
Are “waters of peace,” “valley dark as death,” “thy staff and thy crook,” current usage?
DATE REFERENCE TO dark REFERENCE TO death 1937 the darkest valley eliminated 1964 valley of dense darkness eliminated 1966 a gloomy valley eliminated 1966 in total darkness eliminated 1969 a valley of deepest darkness eliminated 1969 Nothing lurking in the dark ravine eliminated 1969 the valley of darkness eliminated 1970 a valley dark as death 1970 dark valley eliminated 1971 valley of deep darkness eliminated 1976 valley of the darkness of death 1976 a valley overshadowed by death 1977 the valley of death 1982 the valley of deepest darkness eliminated 
Whistler in the Dark , John Malcolm, Scribners, 1986.
4.79-80) is not a reference to the hosiery worn by our kind of jogger, but to a dark woolen cloth.
Since tribal members preferred to make brightly colourful fashion statements and generally wore only custom-designed originals, they regarded uniform clothing, particularly of a dark and somber hue, as exceedingly odd.
According to the big Oxford, Carroll coined tulgey to designate a wood that is thick, dense, and dark.
The time between light and dark, twilight , is of the same root as two, twain, twixt , and tween , from Old English twa .
Some outfits are all white, black, dark blue, or even red, and can be very striking when twelve or more musicians, all standing, start playing a typical Mexican song, such as “La Negra” or “Las Mañanitas.”
Mies, looking older than his forty years, wears a Homburg, a long dark ulster, and spats.
Even at that point, the stairway was dark, smoky, and difficult to navigate; glow strips on the stairs and handrails were a significant help.
The representation is repeated in Figure 1bwith solid lining of the segment " bananas ". The matching of the two segments of the second stanza (light) to the similar segments of the first stanza (dark) is, again, visually apparent.
AtCOP1 contains three conserved structural domains: a RING finger at the amino terminus, a coiled-coil domain in the middle, and a carboxyl-terminal WD40 repeat domain [ 9 10 ] . Each of the three conserved domains has been shown to mediate protein-protein interactions [ 11 12 13 ] . The subcellular localization of AtCOP1 is regulated by light in a tissue specific manner [ 14 15 ] . The hypocotyl cell nuclei contain high levels of COP1 in the dark and reduced levels in the light, suggesting that the nucleocytoplasmic partitioning of AtCOP1 is adjusted by a light-responsive mechanism [ 14 16 ] . The activity of AtCOP1 is at least in part regulated by its subcellular localization, as the degradation of HY5 is dependent upon the nuclear accumulation of AtCOP1 in the dark [ 4 ] . AtCOP1 was demonstrated to carry a single, bipartite nuclear localization signal located between the coiled-coil domain and the WD-40 domain (amino acid 294-314) and a cytoplasmic localization signal, which was mapped to a region partially overlapping with the RING finger and the coiled-coil domain (amino acid 67-117) [ 17 ] . Strikingly, AtCOP1 protein forms characteristic nuclear speckles when transiently expressed in onion epidermal cells or stably expressed in transgenic Arabidopsis [ 6 18 ] . The functional role of these speckles is currently unknown; however, a subnuclear localization signal consisting of 58 residues (amino acid 120-177) is required for their formation [ 19 ] .
3Balso demonstrates CD8 T cells (dark field fluorescence).
Only apoptotic (variously intense dark brown) nuclei were counted in control and SN50-treated sections.
To determine the influence of temperature on the progression of development we stored the eggs under three temperature regimes, all with the same 13L:11D photoperiod: (1) 4°C in the light and 0°C in the dark; (2) constant 10°C; (3) constant 16°C.
Nerves estimated to contain greater than 25 dark staining axons per section but still maintaining a significant portion of live axons were rated as moderate.
Diurnal variation in IOP is common in humans and laboratory animals [ 53 ] . The molecular mechanisms underlying the diurnal rhythm are not defined but increased aqueous humor production or flow occurs during the period of increased IOP in both rabbits and humans [ 63 64 65 ] . Small changes in the resistance to aqueous humor drainage may also contribute to diurnal differences in IOP [ 66 67 ] . We first suspected IOP changes with time of day when the IOP of a group of B6 mice measured in the hour prior to onset of the dark period appeared to be higher than at other times of day.
Additionally, IOP differences between the light and dark period of the day were detected in the pigmented but not the albino B6 mice.
The sections reacted with the anti-sense probe were expected to show a dark blue precipitate in cells as an indication of ATPase 6 gene expression.
All behavioral tests were performed during the dark phase of the circadian cycle under dim red illumination.
After the final wash, the coverslips containing cells were air dried in the dark and coverslipped with ProLong ™Antifade mounting media (Sakura Finitek USA, Torrence, CA).
Age matched littermate control and the rdta transgenic mice were housed under a cyclic regimen of 12 hours light/12 hours dark.
The sleep-wake distribution in cry1,2 -/-mice was distinct from that of wild type controls (Figure 1) in that sleep variables did not differ between the 12-h light (L) and dark (D) periods (Table 1).
The same genotypic differences in sleep were observed in constant dark (DD) conditions (Figure 3).
Delta power (Figure 1, Table 2) and NREMS bout duration (Tables 1, 2), in cry1,2 -/-mice is maintained at a level only attained by the wild type mice when their sleep pressure was highest, i.e., at the end of the active or dark period and after SD.
Masking seems to be the mechanism by which light drives these rhythms under LD conditions in cry1,2 -/-mice [ 22 ] , since the daily modulation of NREMS that occurs in cry1,2 -/-mice under a light/dark cycle immediately disappears upon placement in constant darkness ( [ 22 ] , Figure 3).
Four ears each of Brn3c null mutants (P0 and P8) and control littermates were embedded in paraffin, sectioned and probed for the presence of BDNF and NT-3 mRNA using the in situ technique previously described [ 7 ] . Sections were lightly counterstained and viewed with bright and dark field microscopy.
After 1 h incubation (in the dark) the virus-drug mixture was diluted 10-fold in DMEM (without FBS) to 500 μL and 100 μL added to each well of confluent CV-1 or BSC-40 cells grown in 24-well plates.
In panel C, type I (dark stain), IIa (light stain), and IIb-IId/x (intermediate stain) fibers can be identified based on the myofibrillar actomyosin ATPase histochemical staining procedure [ 18 ] . Immunohistochemistry was used to positively identify subpopulations of fibers expressing only the 2B MHC.
Panel E shows positive binding (dark) of the NCL-MHCs antibody against the slow MHC (type I), and panel F shows positive binding (dark) of the A4.
Fresh fruit and salads, based mostly on leaf lettuce and dark leafy greens rather than head lettuce, were consumed daily.
Further pairwise comparisons show that there are significant mean value contrasts between the light hair categories (gray and blond) and the dark hair categories (black and brown).
Non-background dark sources (e.g.
On these plates, diploid cells produce dark pink colonies, whereas haploid cells produce light pink colonies [ 54 ] . Diploid meiotic products were excluded from recombinant frequency determinations.
Antigen-antibody complexes were detected by a DABNi detection kit according to the supplier's manual (Vector Laboratories, Inc., Burlingame, CA), giving the substrate dark blue color.
Undigested hyaluronic acid is stained with Alcian blue and shows a dark blue background against an unstained area with digested hyaluronic acid.
Gross examination showed the spleen to be dark grey, with capsular tear and subcapsular haematoma on the medial side.
The color, using a 'black-body' scale (from low values represented by black to dark red to orange to yellow to high values represented by white) indicates the relative level of expression of the gene across the different conditions.
Male C57BL/6 mice were obtained from Charles River Breeding Laboratories at 8 weeks old, and maintained in a temperature- and humidity-controlled room on a 12 h light/dark cycle.

This will be exhibited as a conic boundary with a clear internal structure highlighted by dark annotations.
They were a barbaric race, and their custody of the area brought about a dark period during which the written word was forgotten and art disappeared.
The climate here can best be described as “changeable” and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark, sunshine to shower, are part of the city’s magic.
It’s a delicious, dark, heavy cake, similar to gingerbread.
And compare Caravaggio’s mastery of chiaroscuro (the play of light and dark) in the service of realism in his violent Abraham and Isaac (1590) with the more contemplative style of Rembrandt in the famous Old Rabbi (1658) and other portraits.
He died here in 1936: Melancholy gardens of dark laurel and cypresses lead up to a hilltop mausoleum of the writer’s sarcophagus flanked by those of his disciples.
Wander freely along the secluded canals past the dark timbered houses, all situated in very narrow, zigzagging streets to hamper enemy attack.
In the narrow streets behind the cathedral are tall houses, several of which are baronial mansions dating from the 15th and 16th centuries, with dark walls and great wooden doors.
Islanders come to see and pray to a statue of the Madonna and Child, La Moreneta (or “little dark one”), so called because of its dark stone color.
The Moorish legacy can still be seen in the form of wells and waterwheels, squat white houses, the dark complexions of the people, and in the very name given the region — taken from Al-Gharb, which means “country of the west” (when the Moors conquered the territory, it was the most westerly in the known world).
Dark forest green and black predominate in the early Batuan pictures, relieved by flashes of white and amber.
After seeing Fritz Lang’s premonitory fable of human regimentation, Metropolis, Hitler wanted the master of the dark spectacle to make publicity films for him.
The dark sheds where executions were carried out have been preserved, and outside a stone urn, filled with soil from concentration camps, stands in a corner of the paved yard.
The island scenery is another painter’s delight — the dark green of the spruces and silver birches against grey-and-pink granite outcrops.
The most distinctive is the statuesque, dark, broody bulk of Roque Nublo at 1,817 m (5,961 ft), and it takes little imagination to understand the primitive inhabitants’ fascination with this formation; the other is the Roque Bentaiga.
Below the Alcázar lies the Colegiata (Collegiate Church), a towering dark stone cathedral dating from the 17th to 18th centuries.
Where to Go
Puerto Rican brands of rum — light, dark, and aged — are best-sellers.
Take the long dark walk to the dungeons to find a faded drawing of a Spanish galleon sketched on the wall by a captain accused of treason.
But a closer look shows they all have dark eyes and dark eyebrows and that their hair spreads from a center part where at least an inch or two of dark roots is clearly visible on either side.
Despite A-list star power (Nick Nolte, Sean Penn, John Travolta, George Clooney) and spectacular cinematography, even positive critics concede the film is "too dark and cluttered and mysterious to ever achieve the popular acceptance of Spielberg's movie" (Dave Kehr, the Daily News ). The biggest complaints are about the film's lack of plot and dialogue (almost all the speaking in the film is voice-over), which borders on becoming "precious, self-conscious and even self-indulgent" (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ). (This unofficial site has photographs from the film and message boards; or you can read about the practical joking on the set here.)
25 All the digits are represented in the now-familiar sequence of light and dark bars of differing widths.
Cataractic and tunnel-visioned, those things are always disappointing, and last night, with the brilliant megalithic skyline laid out before you in even greater and crisper grandeur than usual, with planes blinking their bright-lighted way toward JFK and LGA, with private and commercial boats plying the dark, sparkling waters of New York Harbor, you didn't need any kind of visual aid to be impressed with the view.
I certainly don't need to hear this fetishized event described again, and I respect his choice of Altamont as the more relevant chapter in rock's dark lineage.
Frankly, I would rather be able to more clearly see exactly what these sites are spouting than to have them hide away dangerously in dark corners, ready to pounce.
It's a nasty, muggy morning where I am, the worst of both seasons: dark as only fall mornings can be, but still as humid as summer.
Rove understands, as few Republicans do, what a dark side the GOP represents to voters.
"I'd prop him up and put a pair of dark glasses on him."
But I think it also offered a glimpse of Hatch's dark side--an envy that makes him into a more interesting character than I previously thought.
(Gore--wearing a dark blue blazer rather than his trademark "earth tones"--calls Russert's notion "elite opinion" and then reasserts his commitment to the working man.)
On Capra, vive la différence but I'm a fan--again, not because of its cheerfulness but because of its dark side.
The blurb on Larry's book speaks of it as a "dark, exhilarating work."
(Other useful pollen tips: During the summer, pollen counts tend to be lower before 8 a.m., after dark, and following rain.)
Newsweek counters by interviewing Larry David, Seinfeld 's co-creator and "dark genius."
Companies offer dark, quiet nap rooms, reasoning that midday naps help workers maintain focus.
Book -- Reading in the Dark , by Seamus Deane;
Book -- Reading in the Dark , by Seamus Deane;
Critics praise The Crying Game director Neil Jordan for his dark coming of age tale.
Theater -- Wait Until Dark .
"A narrative as obtuse as a tax form" (Rita Kempley, the Washington Post ). Others praise its stylish, dark colors; terse dialogue; and self-referential humor.
So is director and co-writer Robert Towne ( Personal Best, Chinatown ), who "holds the enigma of Prefontaine's self-propulsion up to the light, turns it this way and that, and then wisely leaves us more or less in the dark" (Daphne Merkin, The New Yorker ). (Explore this collection of photos of the real Prefontaine.)
Arizona is the spoiler, having ousted tournament favorite Kansas and the only remaining dark horse, Providence, which was led by the memorable point guard God Shammgod.
The Big Thinkers found only the dark lining in our silver cloud.
There is no dark side to Pooh, no complicated European soul.
This is Eszterhas' tragedy and the dark side of his celebrity.
That 1972 photo has lost none of its dark horror over the years.
Meanwhile, is that computer you got your father for Christmas--hoping to bring the old man out of the Stone Age, for heaven's sake--sitting mockingly dark and silent in the den, unused and unloved?
"One ever feels this twoness--an American, a Negro; two souls, two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings; two warring ideas in one dark body, whose dogged strength alone keeps it from being torn asunder."
All men, in dark suits.
"A chief of state has needs, sweetie pie, just like any other man," he added, putting his hand gently on the back of Monica's luxuriant dark hair, guiding her down to his fiery loins.
When he joked in early 1994 that Federal Communications Commission chief commissioner Reed Hundt should be shot for ordering rate reductions, the idea that the dark side of the Force was shaping the digital future was hard to resist.
But while Tiepolo's work has none of the dark premonitions of Francisco de Goya, there is an intriguing precariousness that sets in from time to time in his compositions, especially when high and low come unexpectedly into contact.
Caricatures scrawled on the dim walls behind them echo their dark shapes.
During World War I, as he conveyed vegetables to the troops quartered nearby and refused to leave Giverny as the German line advanced, Monet's panels took on some of the dark mood of war.
Netta, for instance, "took it for granted, now she was married, that Jack felt as she did about light, dark, death, and love," and from that we understand that separation is inevitable.
Defend labor rights in all markets--prohibit the ancient abuses renewed in the "dark Satanic mills."
Then again, there are passages of dark fury--the outraged indignation of the Swede's wised-up brother, Jerry the Miami heart surgeon, who can't stand the innocence any longer, and whose drumbeat imprecations achieve a kind of poetry:
So we have a man's tongue "grey as the foot of a goose"; a catfish "the size of a boar hog"; a man who gets ready to take a blow "like a cowed dog"; a night as dark "as the inside of a cow"; an old man whose dugs "hung down like those on a sow hog"--an entire farmyard of likenesses.
Late in the book, Lewis remarks bitterly on press coverage that referred to Bond as "light-skinned, dashing, erudite, articulate" and to Lewis as "short, squat, thick-necked, balding, dark, scowling, a sharecropper's son."
Just the careful hair of each (unconvincingly dark for Dole, unconvincingly gray for Clinton), the contrasting hair of their running mates (soberly dark for Gore, youthfully gray for Kemp), and similar suits on all the very different bodies.
In American life, a dark suit is a given; it is a costume generated out of modern man's honorable and heroic past, particularly his political past.
Standard inexpensive clothes in stores--sweaters and skirts, let's say--came in dark blue, dark green, and maybe brown or maroon, the traditional colors of country sportswear favored by the Ivy League, and in tweedy mixtures or pale versions of the same.
When the colors washed out, the bleached-blond effect remained; and when the whole thing grew out, the dark roots showed up under the pale spikes--presto!
The old classic rep houses are now mostly dark; the new rep houses are on cable, or on your VCR stand.
That's Daryl Hannah as Branagh's associate, sporting dark hair, thick glasses, and a sensibly reticent demeanor.
Remember the hands, calloused and sunburned,of the Quumran scribes, seated at a cave's mouth,negotiating light that dawn brought backwith the promise of deliverance.Shadow and light, black fireon white fire, the unswerving word,conferring a sacred indifferenceto an urban, merely visual appeal.The caves, dark sockets in a cliff wall,return no one's gaze today,even if they once did seea mountain range of crumpled felt,castiron eagles fixed on approaching spears,and a southbound Jordan feeding the samefluid body, ever moremineral, ever heavier with salt.
Therefore with the normal courage ofany son or any daughter I folded my laundry and carried itout to the Honda for more living, as my father went on reading for truth in his shirt dark pink like a heart.
Jam as many into the dirt as possible, water them, and then secure them in a Ziploc bag before sending them off to the cold, dark place required for dormancy.
From the Zapruder film to the Clint Eastwood film, the popular image of the Secret Service agent--stiff posture, of dark suit and shades, the walkie-talkies, the microphone in the sleeve--is one of laconic, unflappable, and self-abnegating cool.
So we stopped in a dark dingy old South side tavern to think over our plans and have some coldbeers.
As Carlson says, "A 'seeker of the truth,' as Tripp refers to herself, might at best need to tape one conversation and hold it in reserve for that dark moment when her veracity was challenged.
Solondz's writing doesn't cut very deep, but it does swing wide, smashing taboos on all sides--the film is the dark side of There's Something About Mary . And in some ways, it couldn't have had a more fitting launch.
White and Dark
Netanyahu responded by saying that Arafat's stance "endangers the entire Oslo agreement and casts a very dark shadow over the Wye agreement as well."
(It gets dark so early when you lie in bed brooding until 2 in the afternoon.)
The Clinton of Flytrap is not half so dark a figure--underhanded, perhaps, but not purely malevolent.
Spurling's scoop is her explanation of why, after moving several increments toward his mature style, the painter lapsed into a dark period that lasted from 1902-04.
While Monica may not be what Shakespeare had in mind when he wrote of his "dark lady," he does offer some commentary on Monica's awaited literary endeavor in Sonnet 80 :
Sitting quietly in a dark room with Deb Stavin, exchanging favorite Schopenhauer quotes ("There is no doubt that life is given us, not to be enjoyed, but to be overcome") until Kate Galbraith flicked on a harsh fluorescent lamp and blasted the stereo.
The paper said, "The Czech Republic has come full circle from underdog in the dark days of fascism and communism to a member of the world's strongest defense alliance."
I wouldn't define her personality or her life by that dark period."
I suppose it is better for News Quiz to risk being overly dark than to risk being overly Stephen Ambrose, who seems to find war, at least World War II, so thoroughly enjoyable that we should do it again and again.
Some schools have reportedly banned dark trench coats.
Indeed, as this article was being written, Lucas--under intense pressure from theater owners--gave in to the dark side of market forces.
The only dramatic interest comes from a young Tatooine slave named Anakin Skywalker (Jake Lloyd), whom we know will grow up to father Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) and Princess Leia (Carrie Fisher) and then surrender to the dark side of the Force and become Darth Vader.
Or is he painting a dark background to lend the illusion of luster to his pale moral agenda?
A page of media links invites disciples to write editors and create the illusion of a groundswell for their favorite dark horse.
The US should snap out of its hubris over Kosovo--or the world could become very dark indeed if Russian hurt turns to mischief-making."
), the darkness remains dark.
They were joined in this dark enterprise by some renegade members of the Jewish Brigade--Jews who lived in Palestine during the war and fought with the Allies under British command.
"Insert your own dark joke about those values," he did not add.
Has dark orangey-amber color that was obviously different from all other lagers tested.
Shot at the dark outline of an 'intruder.
One tiny typo, one dropped letter would transform the headline into a dark and pompous assertion about the human race: "HE'S HUGE, HE'S POWERFUL, HE'S FAST AND HE'S MAN."
Both the Star and the Globe report that the first lady, "wearing dark sunglasses and a navy blue pantsuit," was seen visiting the offices of a Park Avenue plastic surgeon, while the Enquirer insists that no consultations were done in person.
There are just shades of brown and grey, a line of trees--a dark scribble like markings done by a child.
But more intriguing was the Globe 's report on Patsy's grooming habits: With her marriage "wrecked" by the strain, she reportedly slipped away to a $2,300-a-week Georgia spa, where, because she "is always concerned about her upper lip getting hairy," she had a much-needed lip wax "to clear away the dark bristles."
dark, ominous and pretentious" (Jeff Giles, Newsweek ) … "an unoriginal warming over of a skimpy Japanese production … an innocuous, if lengthy, commercial" (Michael O'Sullivan, the Washington Post ) … "its efforts to preach nonviolence while exploiting it are both patronizing and hypocritical" (Jack Mathews, the Daily News ) … "idiotic" (Roger Ebert, the Chicago Sun-Times ). Many reviewers admit that they're powerless to influence the target audience and predict (correctly) that the film will be a huge hit no matter what they say.
"It's dark, but we still have one stop across the river in Hoboken.
Now, all--or at any rate, quiz participants all--smirk knowingly at the dark desires implicit in a photo of Santa embracing a comely lad, embellished with the most potent of pederast symbols, baseball paraphernalia.
Now we are in Paris, in the cold and the dark, homeless and friendless and tongue-tied.
As for who will preside over this dark day in New Yorker history, we can only report what we have gleaned from the rumor mill over on 43rd Street.
Dark doings continue on Chris Carter's Millennium on Friday (Fox, 9 p.m.).
Barry Watson as eldest son Matt has the soulful eyes, clean-cut yet girlish features, and long dark shag of Keith Partridge.
A phrase commonly used by Vietnamese commands to describe what they were doing to North Vietnam was “foil up their dark schemes.”
Even though I walk through a valley dark as death, I fear no evil, for Thou art with me, Thy staff and Thy crook are my comfort.
DATE REFERENCE TO dark REFERENCE TO death 1937 the darkest valley eliminated 1964 valley of dense darkness eliminated 1966 a gloomy valley eliminated 1966 in total darkness eliminated 1969 a valley of deepest darkness eliminated 1969 Nothing lurking in the dark ravine eliminated 1969 the valley of darkness eliminated 1970 a valley dark as death 1970 dark valley eliminated 1971 valley of deep darkness eliminated 1976 valley of the darkness of death 1976 a valley overshadowed by death 1977 the valley of death 1982 the valley of deepest darkness eliminated 
.A huge dark zawn, its great cliffs reddish black and overhanging.
If I find the space to treat this subject again, I shall discuss the dark side of writing, writing that is unutterably boring the first time it is read.
 , or the cacophonous: chuchbachuch bauachuch bakaxichuch bazabachuch bachaxichuch bazetophoth bainchoooch . (Psycholinguists like F. Trojan even trace relationships between word sounds and word meanings, the deep, dark vowels like o and u having an awesome, threatening, secretive nature on the one hand, and on the other the lighter ones like e and i often referring to the gentler, pleasanter things--whether in Indo-European or Chinese phonetics.)


Yet when the first hard frost comes, when the birches have been swung, their crimson leaves scattered carelessly, when crystals splint shallow ponds and old egrets stand dark watch the coming dawn, long-legged, knowing how winter is thin, when the first phase transition of water to ice forms slight solidity across meadow streams, small creatures of flesh and concept tiptoe gingerly to some far side where, perhaps, something new is to be found.
The unlit stairwells filled with smoke and were so dark as to be impassable.
To minimize UCB oxidation, all tubes and solutions were deoxygenated with Argon and kept in the dark [ 31 ] . To determine the [UCB] in the UCB/DMSO stock, 6.0 μL, was added to 3.0 mL of the HSA stock.
AtCOP1 contains three conserved structural domains: a RING finger at the amino terminus, a coiled-coil domain in the middle, and a carboxyl-terminal WD40 repeat domain [ 9 10 ] . Each of the three conserved domains has been shown to mediate protein-protein interactions [ 11 12 13 ] . The subcellular localization of AtCOP1 is regulated by light in a tissue specific manner [ 14 15 ] . The hypocotyl cell nuclei contain high levels of COP1 in the dark and reduced levels in the light, suggesting that the nucleocytoplasmic partitioning of AtCOP1 is adjusted by a light-responsive mechanism [ 14 16 ] . The activity of AtCOP1 is at least in part regulated by its subcellular localization, as the degradation of HY5 is dependent upon the nuclear accumulation of AtCOP1 in the dark [ 4 ] . AtCOP1 was demonstrated to carry a single, bipartite nuclear localization signal located between the coiled-coil domain and the WD-40 domain (amino acid 294-314) and a cytoplasmic localization signal, which was mapped to a region partially overlapping with the RING finger and the coiled-coil domain (amino acid 67-117) [ 17 ] . Strikingly, AtCOP1 protein forms characteristic nuclear speckles when transiently expressed in onion epidermal cells or stably expressed in transgenic Arabidopsis [ 6 18 ] . The functional role of these speckles is currently unknown; however, a subnuclear localization signal consisting of 58 residues (amino acid 120-177) is required for their formation [ 19 ] .
3Ashows distribution of HLA-DR MDC (dark field visible light) and Fig.
Apoptotic nuclei appear as dark brown.
At day 16 all the embryos were transferred from a constant 16°C to one of three different temperature regimes: (1) 4°C in the light and 0°C in the dark; (2) constant 10°C; (3) constant 16°C, all with a 13L:11D photoperiod.
Using this technique, the axoplasm of degenerating axons appears dark [ 53].
In contrast to pigmented B6 mice (Figure 6), the IOPs of the albino B6 mice were not increased at measurement during the dark compared to light period of the day (P = 0.6, Figure 10B).
Previously, a rise of IOP was reported to occur before onset of the dark period in rats [ 21 ] , and rats and rabbits were shown to have higher IOP during the dark period compared to the light period [ 21 68 69 ] . Thus, we compared the IOPs of mice at different times of day and identified several strains with significantly higher IOP during the dark compared to the light period.
The environment was kept at 21°C with a 14 hour light: 10 hour dark cycle.
This variation in the number of adenoviral copies per cell can explain the variation of the staining intensity per cell within one liver, from light to dark blue.
After the final wash, the coverslips containing cells were air dried in the dark and mounted on slides with ProLong ™Antifade mounting media (Sakura Finitek USA, Torrence, CA).
For example, dark rearing from birth attenuates the developmental increase in NR2A in the visual cortex [ 24, 25].
In baseline conditions, wild type mice showed the sleep-wake distribution typical for this nocturnal species with high values of sleep in the light period and low values in the dark period (Figure 1, Table 1).
cry1,2 -/-mice relative to wild type mice during the light period, and by 41% during the dark period (Table 1).
The anticipatory decrease in sleep time that occurred prior to the onset of dark in cry1,2 -/-mice in LD did not occur under DD conditions (Figure 3).
Under light / dark (LD) conditions, running wheel activity patterns and, as we show here, the distribution of sleep in cry1,2 -/-mice still exhibit diurnal variation.
An Enriched group was reared in a separate room with 3 h of non-vocal, light classical music exposure (75-78 dB) daily as the dark period began, and was group housed (n = 19) at weaning in an enriched housing condition.
When the initial pool of kanamycin-resistant colonies sprayed with catechol, the colonies were light to dark yellow indicating a wide range of XylE activity.
The VEGF mRNA signal is apparent as a dark stain (panel A), and may be compared to the sense control (panel B) which shows no non-specific binding in the same muscle region.
Panel E shows positive binding (dark) of the NCL-MHCs antibody against the slow MHC (type I), and panel F shows positive binding (dark) of the A4.
Conventional treatment would include analgesics and antiinflammatory drugs [ 11 ] . The snake bite site typically is a necrotic area, the skin sloughs off due to the proteases in the venom and the area looks dark and bruised [ 12 ] . The ananase enzyme reduces the inflammatory response; and helps the breakdown of necrotic tissue.
Table 18reveals that the model-estimated means for dark hair (black and brown) are lower than the observed values, and the estimates for light colored hair are greater.
In Kisumu, 75% correctly reported mosquito habitat as vegetation, stagnant water, and inside dark houses and 8% reported that they did not know.
That is, if a dark region of pixels were missed by one oval for brightening, they would still be "too dark" in the next iteration and should be picked up there.
Food was not removed the night before, and since nocturnal mice are known to eat during the normal period dark cycle employed, the mice could have been fasted 0-6 h at sacrifice.
34042) until a dark purple color was visible (up to 6.5 h).
These ME cell layers were attenuated, consisting of elongated spindle cells with dark and compressed nuclei.
Chronic malarial spleen tends to be dark grey, with increased density of connective tissue and fibrosis, resulting in a heavy, often massively enlarged organ with a firm or hard capsule.
In each case, the white-centered lines are the theoretical predictions, and each dark point represents a species.
On the left side of Figure 4we illustrate the merging procedure using a merging with G = 1. Dark gray rectangles mark the start coordinates of merging repeats.
The Ahco strain of P. parasitica was maintained on Col-0 plants and the Emwa strain on Ws plants in a growth chamber with 10-h day at 16°C and 14-h dark period at 20°C.
These small, dark Melanesians are related in type to Australian aborigines and are confined today to the forests of the northern highlands.
The populace is an engaging stew of dark North African complexions and blonde, blue-eyed northern Europeans.
It has a number of bridges spanning its route, creating a shadowy, dark, and almost somber appearance.
Titian’s Pietà, a vibrant last work completed by pupil Palma il Giovane, was originally intended for his tomb in the Frari church (see page 131); Veronese’s Feast in the House of Levi was meant to be the Last Supper, until the Holy Inquisition complained about its “buffoons, drunkards, dwarfs, Germans, and similar vulgarities”; Tintoretto gives full play to his dark sense of drama in the Miracle of St. Mark.
Furuimachinami is quieter and more residential, with long, two-story, unpainted dark timber houses, lattice façades, and low-balconied verandahs, plus a few flowers and shrubs in pots or hako-niwa box gardens to add some color.
After sundown, the shrine’s atmosphere is utterly transformed — cool, dark, and more than slightly surreal, with the subtly illuminated arch dominating the scene.
When the evening promenade disperses, the streets of the old city are usually quiet, dark, and practically deserted, though the small streets between Plaça de La Llotja and Plaça la Reina teem with restaurants and bars.
Next to the taula is a dark columned room and nearby burial caves.
During the dark ages Athens had been a monarchy, but it emerged as an oligarchy in the seventh century b.c.
Lovina’s dark sand is less inviting than the white or golden variety at the southern resorts, and gets too hot to walk on in bare feet in the middle of the day.
East of Charlottenstraße, beyond the patched, dark stone of the Deutsche Staatsbibliothek (German State Library), built between 1903 and 1914 but damaged during the Second World War, is Frederick the Great’s architectural complex known as “Forum Fridericianum.”
From the elevated first tee, the panorama of green land, blue-green harbor, and dark blue sea stirs the heart.
The Iglesia de la Asunción, built between 1490–1510, looks and feels so old that you can easily imagine Columbus praying in a dark recess — as a plaque here tells us he did, in 1492.
But there was a dark side to this sophisticated society.
At the end of the stone jetty is a lighthouse erected during Turkish rule and the harbor cafés were where Ottomans used to socialize over dark thick coffee and communal narghiles (bubble pipes).
But beware: In spite of police patrols, after dark parts of the Bois de Boulogne are reckoned to be the most dangerous places in Paris.
San Juan is a living city, and it’s especially bustling after dark, when crowds throng to the bars and restaurants or simply stroll the narrow streets and airy plazas.
Although the midday and sunset shows are impressive, the most popular exhibitions take place after dark, when the cliff divers plunge from this 130-foot cliff while holding flaming torches.
Why, oh why, do the neighbors feel this compulsion to brush aside the dark side of the killer next door?
It's a dark, witty suspense story about an outbreak of illegal magic in a school full of witch orphans--children whose parents have been burned as witches.
How will Rowlings handle the dark magic of sexuality?
He talked about Irishmen, the difference between the dark, tormented Irish and the sunny Irish.
But I hope I don't run in to him in a dark alley someplace because I have been taking self-defense classes and I might just yell out "Heelpalm!"
I flash back to those dark times because I think of this past year--the last year of cinema's first whole century--as the most hopeful since the 1970s.
Some of the greatest artists burrow so deeply into their characters' twisted psyches that they risk making a case for "the dark side."
Mainly because, as with Capra, I never saw the dark side, only the Met Life commercials side.
Those were dark times for journalists, and I fear that some of them went grasping at straws.)
A few hours later, the Gore campaign headquarters in Nashville, Tenn., made available for inspection by reporters a battered paperback copy of Thomas Kuhn's landmark book with a dark stain in the margin beside the underlined sentence, "One final example of scientific discovery, that of the Leyden jar, belongs to a class that may be described as theory-induced."
A story says that legal publisher Steve Brill will launch a glossy, hard-hitting media-criticism magazine called Content . Mel Gibson is on the cover: The puff inside implies, unpersuasively, that he has a deep, dark soul.
A chilling story about an American man's murder of his mail-order wife exposes the dark side of the hired-bride industry.
a slim, dark tale that bears some kinship to J.M.
Book -- Reading in the Dark , by Seamus Deane;
The cable network's animated show about third graders obsessed with violence and bodily emissions "has replaced Beavis and Butt-head as America's premiere gross national product" (Ken Tucker, Entertainment Weekly ). Critics attribute the show's cult following to the timeless power of bathroom humor and to its dark and clever plots, such as a thwarted assassination attempt on Kathie Lee Gifford.
Theater -- Wait Until Dark .
Some critics praise his insight into the dark nature of American business and his riffs on subjects from chemotherapy to free markets.
Critics draw parallels to Susan Cheever's memoir of her father, Home Before Dark , but find this book less shocking because unlike John Cheever, Dickey Sr.'s demons were widely publicized.
The two reports played big on television, with dark hints that top-gun pilots might be joyriding.
The fake ad becomes a moment of dark revelation--a window into John's true character.
Clinton should wear his soberest Leader-of-the-Free-World outfit: dark blue suit, white shirt, dark tie.
But better to go out bleating "Not Dark Yet" than croaking through "Blowin' in the Wind" for the 10,000 th time.
"It's a strange feeling to see the casinos dark," said a Harrah's spokeswoman.
The consensus among all these establishment white men in dark suits was that you'll never make it.
William Safire, for instance, has hyped the so-called "Asian connection" with dark mutterings about "favor-hungry foreigners," "insidious networking," and "penetration by Asian interests."
I was just realizing why the Californian unemployment rate is so low when a dark Ford Windstar minivan pulled up next to us.
Monica Lewinsky cooed, hoisting a large box of Domino's above her stylish dark tresses, according to the testimony of Lewinsky and Officer Fox.
Dark Days at Sunbeam
"From the dark opening of the worn insides of the shoes the toilsome tread of the worker stares forth.
Such objects, with their elliptical wit, return us to the dark side of still life; these bones and cages and tacks and thermometers offer a deadpan answer to what life is: C'est la vie.
From 1965 to 1967, he works exclusively on the chapel project, and the paintings become so dark that some of them are virtually black on black.
These stories are the tightest and the best designed, and they yield her most memorable lines, dark, ironic compressions of incompatible worldviews.
He calls Eastwood "one of the great ironists of the age" and a "postmodern" hero: "Clint's gift," he writes, forever on a first-name basis with his subject, "is to let us see the dark comedy in the American male's contorting, distorting attempts to achieve his masteries of the moment while at the same time not entirely discrediting the tradition that makes him bid that effort."
He is the least likely of the suitors, but the odd fragments he has assembled serve as answers to the princess's dark riddles, which leave his brothers stammering.
It may be fun to say, as Frank put it in the Baffler , that William S. Burroughs' "inspirational writings are boardroom favorites, his dark nihilistic burpings the happy homilies of the new corporate faith."
Light and Dark
Just the careful hair of each (unconvincingly dark for Dole, unconvincingly gray for Clinton), the contrasting hair of their running mates (soberly dark for Gore, youthfully gray for Kemp), and similar suits on all the very different bodies.
And for once, the candidates look like heads of state before they've even taken office, clad in the same somber outfit as Prime Minister Netanyahu, Boris Yeltsin, or President Karimor of Uzbekistan--a very dark suit, a pure white shirt with starched spread or pointed collar, and a tie with a generous but disciplined pattern.
Standard inexpensive clothes in stores--sweaters and skirts, let's say--came in dark blue, dark green, and maybe brown or maroon, the traditional colors of country sportswear favored by the Ivy League, and in tweedy mixtures or pale versions of the same.
Popular fiction of the 1940s and '50s was full of scathing descriptions of women whose deceptive blondness was dark at the roots.
This was a dictionary--a bizarre best seller--in which even the footnotes had footnotes, and whose pages, Grafton notes, "offer the reader only a thin and fragile crust of text on which to cross the deep, dark swamp of commentary."
of themselves still outside watching what they onlyenter in the dark, what in the dark they only feel --Only imagine it, and it is yours, your eye, and mine,no less imperiously moving over him as his movesover the places in her she has never seen.
Then opened apparently for more living,I put my laundry in a dryer and my father was reading The New Republic --concentrating, with his reading glasses,and caring about the truth, despite all the sun and all the sandwiches and tennis and driving, and I lovedhim reading there in his dark pink shirt.
The world is a dark, cruel place.
Ever since Seymour Hersh's book came out detailing the raw side of Jack Kennedy and the dark side of Camelot, I've been wondering what JFK did in today's context that warrants an eternal flame at Arlington National Cemetery.
His wife told me they didn't mind risking their own lives in the dark but that younger people were another matter.
For a man so critical of Evans-Pierce's bizarre stories about deep, dark Arkansas, how could he fall into the same fool's trap of "snobbery or sloth" he accuses Evans-Pierce of in his writing?
In restaurant dark, friends movethrough our conversation as if the past werea bright street.
And while e-books have tremendous appeal in theory--imagine an entire library that weighs a pound, is word-searchable, and can be read in the dark (and, at long last, a copy of Slate that you can take to the bathroom)--readers simply may not cotton to them.
And when Derek gets out of prison, we see that the principal has reached him, too--that he's ready to exchange a dark white father for a white dark father.
But risking holiday sentimentality (with the ready-made excuse that it's just the chestnut stuffing talking), I'd like to mention some things I'm thankful for, like Tim Carvell's two (!) responses involving pushing people or poultry out of airplanes; Jennifer Miller's two (!) bits of self-revelation about her dark and ferocious inner life and apartment; Larry Amaros' determination that the Olsen twins wander parched and frightened, not merely in the Serengeti but during the dry season.
"Bring 'em Down" (dark, moody)
In fact, Amy's Cheese Enchilada With Beans and Corn was bound for the winner's circle until overtaken at the wire by a dark horse: Green Guru, a brand I was able to find in only one supermarket.
She defends the retracted CNN story on nerve gas used against American defectors in Vietnam as "solid with the facts," and alleges that she is the victim of a dark CNN public relations conspiracy.
Instead of our regular class work, let's go outside under the big, old dead elm and show a filmstrip, i.e., let's quote a few highlights from Tim Weiner's dark and charming New York Times obit titled "Sidney Gottlieb, 80, Dies, Took LSD to CIA," an account of the man who ran MKUltra, a project that dosed unsuspecting Americans with hallucinogenic drugs for charity.
And by "dark and brooding," I, of course, mean appealing and simpatico.
Whistling in the Dark
Your response to ""--recommending that a soon-to-be-married couple break off relations with highly unsupportive soon-to-be in-laws--struck a deep, dark chord in me.
Nowhere does it resonate more than on the edge of campus, in a dark corner of a building known as the "Courthouse."
Gaultier's dark red and white man's jacket in silk-and-rayon twill has a modern classical shape, but it's printed with variably modulated stripes that form the vision of a nude Greek classical torso, complete with arms and thighs.
It's a giggle, but the idea of a young African-American learning the secrets of the Dark Continent from a 60-plus-year-old Welsh ham has its daft charm: "He's leading me into the jungle," concludes Gooding.
For half a second--strange--it felt permanent, indestructible as the tiny gleam that pearled in the dark pupil of her eye.
If the clouds turn dark and ominous and it starts to thunder while you're out for a stroll, you can find a phone and call the weather service, or you can ignore them on the grounds that predictions about the weather are often wrong, or you can take cover under the assumption that it's probably going to rain.
The hero yields to a best-repressed impulse (the urge to be unfaithful to his true love) and gets launched on a dark odyssey, which culminates in his near death and a vision of society's most ferociously psychosexual underpinnings--civilization and its discontents and all that.
When Wojtyla was elected pope, after the 33-day reign of the Italian John Paul I, the international press portrayed him as the darkest of dark horses.
He's almost always portrayed as the dark, suspicious figure circa 1974.
Slavin's uncluttered, room-temperature prose renders the monstrous familiar, even beautiful" (Charles Taylor, the New York Times Book Review ). Others note that "[i]t seems to be a common, almost universal, tactic in American literature to depict the suburbs as a duplicitous world where a safe, materialistic, blandly cheerful surface conceals a dark secret life" and that the stories' predictable outlandishness verges on becoming "precious" (Judy Budnitz, the Village Voice ). Or as Kirkus Reviews writes, "Slavin has a warped sense of humor and enjoys rubbing the reader's nose in it."
The comedy Outside Providence treats those dark years after Nixon got flushed away with just the right amount of gleeful nostalgia and horrified incredulity.
But the amazing dark horse winner was Michelob Hefeweizen . The three elements of surprise here, in ascending order of unexpectedness, are:
The president is a lonely man in a dark room when the casualty reports come in.
The water dark green with splash and shout-- summer just a whistle and gone.
It is so delightfully dark ages to see this kind of mumbo jumbo reported right next to the real news.
In any case, since your brother-in-law's nearest and dearest want to keep Miss Congeniality away from holiday gatherings, Prudie suggests you and your coterie of concerned friends decide on a designated yenta (which is how it may be perceived) and that person must tell him flat out that people who care about him do not like the way he is being treated, and they see dark days ahead.
Whatever the cause, the transition was complete by 1973, when Posner published his seminal Economic Analysis of Law , shining the light of cost-benefit analysis into every dark corner of the law, from antitrust to racial discrimination to--of course--sex.
And then there are the bellybuttons: On one page Truman Capote, no longer the slender, bow-tied manchild Avedon had photographed a decade earlier, pulls open his dark shirt to show his navel, a winking eye in an expanse of pale flesh.
For the next 30 minutes, we sat in the cold, dark Paris courtyard and waited, mainly because we couldn't think what else to do.
This is the latest installment in the paper's repeated looks in the past year into the dark corners of California's penal system, all the more commendable because this degree of follow-up is so unusual.
The aging analysts packed into the auditorium, sweating through their dark clothes in the September heat wave (only a small desk fan recycled the stale air), would have confirmed the Berkeley English professor and professional Freud-basher's darkest suspicions about psychoanalysis as a cult of personality.
The dark joke here, of course, is the late '60s and early '70s, and the social disorder we are alleged to have inherited from that period.
The title character of this dark comedy seriously considered plans for and the “beneficial” results of nuclear holocaust; such contemplation is strangelovian .
This is an interesting one: the term in AE is oreo , after the tradename of a dark double chocolate cookie with white cream between, a confection not encountered (by me) in Britain.
DATE REFERENCE TO dark REFERENCE TO death 1937 the darkest valley eliminated 1964 valley of dense darkness eliminated 1966 a gloomy valley eliminated 1966 in total darkness eliminated 1969 a valley of deepest darkness eliminated 1969 Nothing lurking in the dark ravine eliminated 1969 the valley of darkness eliminated 1970 a valley dark as death 1970 dark valley eliminated 1971 valley of deep darkness eliminated 1976 valley of the darkness of death 1976 a valley overshadowed by death 1977 the valley of death 1982 the valley of deepest darkness eliminated 
It's a dark abyss or tunnel,
Playing After Dark , Barbara L. Ascher, Doubleday, 1986.
“People ask me how come she's so blond when the other two are so dark,” the young mother said, laughing, “but that's just the way it turned out.
You may never see the beautiful animal that flies through the night while you dream sweet dreams, but your namesake, the moth Samia, cynthia surely hovers out there in the dark watching over you.
• English names written in katakana: The Dark Ducks, J-League Downtown (J-League is a soccer league), Physical, Cruising, Omnibus, Original Love, The Peanuts (twin sisters), Southern All-Stars, The Tempters, Tokyo Performance Doll (seven girls), Tulip, Tunnels (pronounced toenails), Zutorobi (The Beatles pronounced backwards, syllabically rather than alphabetically!
Dark explanations may be given for misfortune in Cornwall such as, He bin awverlooked [ill wished].
Alternatively, one can imagine universes governed by general relativity that burst into big bang being and expanded forever with no further complexity than hydrogen and helium and smaller particles in an open and ever-expanding dark, cold vastness.
I like their dark rooms with wood paneling, hammer-beam ceilings, and traditional oak furniture.
vacuo in the dark and used within 6 weeks.
Arabidopsis seedlings display distinct morphologies when grown in the dark compared to the light.
COP10, which has been shown to interact with AtCOP1 in yeast two-hybrid experiment, encodes a ubiquitin conjugating enzyme (E2) variant [ 44 ] . The COP9 signalosome, an eight-subunit complex homologous to the lid subcomplex of the 26 S proteasome [ 45 ] , directly associates with SCF E3 complex and promotes deneddylation of the cullin subunit of SCF in both plant and animal cells [ 46 47 48 49 ] . The exact relationship between COP1 and the COP9 signalosome remains obscure; it is known, however, that in Arabidopsis the COP9 signalosome is required for COP1 to accumulate in the nucleus in the dark [ 29 ] . Although COP1 most likely plays a role in regulating protein degradation, attempts in reconstituting ubiquitination of HY5 by AtCOP1 have been unsuccessful.
In this set of experiments, the cytoplasm appears blue and activated p53-positive cells appear dark brown.
Those for constant dark (DD) experiments were collected in dim red light at ZT0, ZT4, ZT8, ZT12, ZT16 and ZT20 referenced to the LD cycle immediately before DD treatment.
The environment was kept at 21°C with a 14-h light:10-h dark cycle.
In support of a later effect of anesthesia (since general anesthesia is reported to mask diurnal variation in IOP [ 21 ] ), we identified increased IOP during the dark compared to the light period of the day in several tested strains (Figure 6).
Previously, a rise of IOP was reported to occur before onset of the dark period in rats [ 21 ] , and rats and rabbits were shown to have higher IOP during the dark period compared to the light period [ 21 68 69 ] . Thus, we compared the IOPs of mice at different times of day and identified several strains with significantly higher IOP during the dark compared to the light period.
All dark period measurements were made between 1 and 3 hours after the lights turned off.
A dark blue precipitate was not seen in NRL and PcIRL sections reacted with the sense riboprobe (Fig.
These animals were caged individually and housed in the Brigham Young University Bio-Ag vivarium and maintained on a 10-hour dark 14-hour light schedule (lights on 1400-0400).
They were maintained in the dark and at 4°C until examined.
weighing 200-300 g at the time of testing, were maintained in a climate-controlled room on a 12 h light/dark cycle (lights on at 06:00) with food and water available ad libitum.
The difference between genotypes in NREMS time was present only in the dark period and not in the light (Table 1; Figure 1).
The decrease in sleep time prior to the onset of the dark period (Figure 1) was still present in DD in cry1,2 +/+mice; sleep time decreased in the latter half of the subjective day and minimum average sleep time was reached immediately after the onset of the subjective night (Figure 3).
In wild type mice, EEG delta power still varied as a function of the sleep-wake history with high values at the end of the baseline dark period and after the SD and low values at the end of the light or major rest period (Figure 1).
Upon release into constant dark conditions, per2 rhythmicity disappears concomitant with the immediate loss of behavioral rhythmicity, suggesting a role for 'light-driven' per2 expression in generating behavioral rhythms [ 23 ] .
The animals were housed in colony rooms with 12/12 h light/dark cycle at 21 ± 2°C and had free access to food and water.
DAB was applied in the dark (10 min), the slides were washed in distilled water (5 min), counterstained with hematoxylin, washed with tap water, dehydrated and mounted.
Panel D shows positive binding (dark) of BF-F3 antibody against 2B MHC.
The slides were kept in a dark moist chamber until evaluated using a Zeiss Axiophot Fluorescent Microscope (Carl Zeiss Inc., Thornwood, NY) at 40× magnification with emission at 400 nM and excitation at 520-560 nM.
It has the advantages of allowing hematoxylin counterstaining that allows easier determination of cell/tissue morphology, visualization by bright field microscopy, and signal that is available for counting more than one year after test application (slides have been kept in the dark).
All slides were air-dried and stored in a box kept in a dark place at room temperature or at 4°C.
That is, if a dark region of pixels were missed by one oval for brightening, they would still be "too dark" in the next iteration and should be picked up there.
They were housed under ambient temperature of 21-23°C, relative humidity of 50 ± 5%, and a 12-h light/12-h dark photoperiod.
Additional differentiating daughter CT cells (d') show brown/blue color contrasting with dark blue of differentiated syncytium (st).
Slides were exposed for four weeks at 4 C in a linedesiccated dark box.
On gross examination, acutely malarial spleen is dark red because of congestion, hyperaemia and deposition of haemozoin (a malarial pigment).
1 g/l Murashige and Skoog salts (Invitrogen, CA) and 0.7% bacto-agar, pH 6.0) containing 37 μg/l of hygromycin for 2-3 weeks in a plant growth chamber with 15 h light and 9 h dark at 22°C.
In keeping with the long-standing clinical importance of cytogenetics, it is important to align Giemsa-staining G (dark) cytobands versus R (pale) bands (ISCN 1995) to the assembly [ 41].
A. thaliana ecotype Col-0 plants were grown in soil (Scotts-Sierra Horticultural Products Company, Marysville, OH) in 5 cm pots (50 per flat) under fluorescent light 30 W/m 2/s with a 14 h light/10 h dark photoperiod for 3-4 weeks.
Containers of HSB should be stored in the dark and maintained under room temperature until used.
Around 1000 b.c. mainland Greece entered a “dark age” of limited achievements, but not so the Ionians, who developed an outstanding civilization.
Although small Armenian, Greek Orthodox, Jewish, and Catholic communities survive, the majority of Istanbullus are Muslim, and adhere to the principles known as the “Five Pillars of Islam” — to believe with all one’s heart that “There is no God but God, and Mohammed is his Prophet”; to pray five times a day, at dawn, midday, afternoon, sunset, and after dark; to give alms to the poor, and towards the upkeep of the mosques; to fast between sunrise and sunset during the month of Ramadan; and to try to make the pilgrimage to Mecca at least once in one’s lifetime.
On a hardwood frame, silver and gold threads are woven into fine silk, usually of emerald green, dark red, purple, or royal blue.
Its spaciousness is enhanced by geometric patterns of dark stone against whitewashed walls.
Dark islands in a white sea, or mountain peaks soaring above clouds: people see what they want to see.
Although much of the castle’s interior seems dark and austere, this highlights the magnificent wood floors and paneling and the superb joinery and construction techniques.
The church is rather dark and heavy, a real contrast with the enchanting cloisters, whose slender double columns and stone tracery are light and delicate.
Inspired by a traditional Menorcan fishing village, a local architect created this sun-splashed “toy-town” of brilliant white houses and dark wooden beams and shutters in 1972.
The ensuing “dark age” lasted about three centuries and resulted in large-scale emigrations of Greeks around the Mediterranean.
There’s still some dark sand exposed during low tide, mixed with broken coral, so it is advisable to wear shoes if you want to swim in the sea.
Berlin has many reminders of its dark past, but this has particular impact.
On a dark night in mid-August 1775, several boats sailed into the dark harbor of Tobacco Bay near Fort St. Catherine and, in a daring and dangerous raid, stole 100 kegs of gunpowder from the main ordnance store.
The road clings precariously to the side of lush, green mountains cleft by deep, dark ravines and often zig-zags on itself in the tightest of hairpin bends.
A dark tunnel leads through the rock with no hint of what is to come, then emerges on the other side of the mountain to a bright 180-degree mountain panorama.
Ottoman leaders had no interest in developing or investing in their dominions and, after the occasionally oppressive but often brilliant centuries of Venetian government, Crete slid back into the dark ages.
Finding hidden gems down narrow lanes and dark alleys is one of the great rewards of exploring Kathmandu on foot.
After dark, men are required to wear jackets (but not ties).
This is a good place to come after dark and watch the world go by.
