Oh, that's easy," he said.
Was it really that easy?
I don’t know what the future holds for us, but I know that it won’t be easy.
Too easy, Psyche thought.
She was easy to get.
She wasn’t going to make it easy, “Fine.
This is one valid criticism, but far from the deliberate distortion you make it out to be; rather, it is an example for how the facts can sometimes be easy to miss with Moore's fast pace editing.
Unfortunately, because the zooming is rather fast, it is easy to miss the rest of the sentence, so as you correctly note, some viewers got an incorrect impression.


Students who aren't varsity athletes could add an easy P.E. course instead.
This is not easy.
He was a jovial man with an easy laugh, and even uglier than Tasha had suggested.
It's not easy for me to ask a favor."
"It's easy for me to turn one down."
As I mentioned, this new same-day airborne land-and-shoot practice will start in September after the opening of hunting season and the first snow — and when wolves will be an easy target.
ation faces no easy path to renewed economic strength. Like s
lnerabilities that created the potential for crisis were years in the making, it was the collapse of the housing bubble—fueled by low interest rates, easy and available credit, scant regulation, and toxic mortgages— that was the spark that ignited a string of events, which led to a full-blown crisis in the fall of 2008. Trillions of 
It's easy to get lost in nomenclatures, when one is striving for new concepts.
Selling the magic of Sonoma County wines is easy.
Fact: It's easy to fall into patterns.
Fact: It's too easy to fall into patterns.
Fact: It's too easy to fall into patterns.
It's easy to pick on TGI Friday's but they certainly aren't the only guilty party.
You’ll find Hong Kong easy to get around, the people helpful, English spoken everywhere, and food that lives up to its reputation.
Extracting the milk was easy," he explained.
It's easy to criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid, too.
That's easy", said the genie.
JEFFERY CLARK >(thinking for a moment before grabbing the case) It won't be easy getting there.
I know the years that followed the disaster weren't easy on you or your relationship with Dr. Grant.

An easy mistake to make (I speak from experience) is to assume that the charset parameter on a MIME Content-Type: line encodes the character set used by the entity composing the message, or the character set to be used by the entity displaying the message.
It's not necessarily *wrong* to think of charset as having something to do with the composing or viewing character set (in many cases, not coincidentally, all three will be identical), but it is very easy to make conceptual mistakes, implement nonconformant software, or just generally misunderstand how MIME is supposed to work if you don't explicitly separate in your mind the concepts of composing/viewing character sets and transmission charsets.
It also might give an indication of how easy or difficult it is to come up with a real implementation.
It's easy to imagine what Bay Area chefs like Alice Waters or Michael Mina might have to say about Julia Child on her 90th birthday.
Simple, easy to remember.

JACK SPARROW: Not so easy, is it?
You want both tidiness and easy access.

getting back work spirit after a holiday isn't easy.
So easy to forget, isn't it?

Its always easy to come up with new ideas but implementing them is harder.
Clears Hurdle http://tinyurl.com/c4sxer Don't be afraid of things because they're easy to do (via @Oblique_Chirps) Brian Regan - Very Recent News http://tinyurl.com/c9ng9g Business Officer Manager (Winter Park): Details: Regents Park of Winter Park, a proven leader in skilled nursing..
One of the very originals, totally unrivalled stuff is easy accessible at any place!
It's that easy!
One of the very originals, totally unrivalled product is easy accessible at any place!
BancorpSouth is so easy, no wonder it's number 1 !
DTV has an interactive picture-in-picture programming guide that makes watching and controlling your television easy.
It’s so attractive and so easy to reach that it’s packed with sunbathers all summer long.
They are an easy walk apart by the harbor road, or a longer 45-minute hike on the scenic Peak Road.
Since the construction of the New Macau-Taipa Bridge has allowed easy access to the airport, the population has grown to more than 30,000, with industrial development, new apartment blocks, and luxury resort hotels.
However, it’s also easy to get to Guangzhou by train or ferry.
Shenzhen is easy to reach — the KCR commuter train runs throughout the day, the trip taking about 40 minutes.
Using your address labels is an easy way to show you care about wildlife.
One is an easy, flat, and short (about 30 minutes roundtrip) trip to the Risco waterfall.
But the decision didn't make it easy in any practical sense for union members to get their money back, and the National Labor Relations Board dragged its heels for several years on the matter.
Watch for these easy answers on the TV talk shows and in the newspaper.
While it is easy to see how infuriating such a pose must be to others, offensiveness in the service of subjective truth has its place here.
It's not solely the fault of Industrial Light and Magic: Slapstick and horror aren't an easy mix.
Back when I first joined the ranks of one-worlders, more than a decade ago, we were an easy species to describe: earnest, well meaning, and hopelessly naive.
Examples, unfortunately, are all too easy to provide.
For the hikers, a bus goes to a point quite close to the summit, after which it’s an easy but exhilarating walk to the top.
Scheduled to launch Dec. 1, Workingfamilies.com will offer all the features of a traditional Internet service provider, plus added facilities to make it easy for members to contact elected officials and corporations.
It was easy to get Clinton to make touch-up calls, a Democratic fund-raiser told the paper: "The president loves to schmooze on the phone."
Against this backdrop it is easy for young people to not buy the facts about drugs.
It’s an easy 2-mile (3-km) walk, but worth lingering over for a couple of hours to absorb the beauty of the largest living creations in nature.
He merely uses an inefficient subsidy for something that is increasingly cheap and easy to do at home--and which could soon be subsidized directly at far lower expense.
Results obtained are easy to interpret, since there is a striking difference between normal bronchoepithelium and premalignant lesions.
Almost all the scenes she writes and stages are blandly generalized--a homogeneity that seems part commercial cunning (her movies go down easy, like Muzak) and part the result of being rich and snobbishly insulated on the Upper West Side of New York City, that magic kingdom where people parade their liberalism but the word "Brooklyn" is always good for a laugh and a shudder.
They have picked an easy target.
The question of where to begin is easy: exotic Kathmandu, capital and gateway to Nepal.
If you travelled on immediately it would be easy to miss one of the curiosities of Bermuda, for Somerset Bridge is said to be the narrowest drawbridge in the world.
But Professor Steiner's rhetoric and video-camera style were so persuasive that it was easy to overlook the fact that his argument (or part of it) was based on a complete misstatement of the facts.
It is chillingly easy for crazies and criminals and children to get guns."
Psychotherapeutic templates are easy to apply.
The easy answer is: "Ask."
It's easy to sort out--as you've probably noticed, when restoring the paint on all the old pieces, I color-matched them to the bedspreads and rugs.
Creating links is easy because each Web page, and each image on the page, has a unique address on the Web called a URL (Universal Resource Locator).
Because we are testing hundreds or thousands of genes at the same time, it is not easy to determine the effect size needed for power or sample size estimation.
For those who wanted a standard one-size-fits-all contract, that would still be easy to obtain.
In the alternate case, when sharks swarm the waters, there will be little reward to their hunting, and some of the sharks will retire to the easy life of bottom feeding.
"So it was an easy decision for me.
Besides going to Valencia for paella, the compleat traveler in Spain should experience duende . This is not easy to arrange, however, for duende , unlike paella, cannot be made to order.
It's easy to mock the shallow treatment of complex technology issues in the press, and the absurd opinions of self-proclaimed experts, analysts, and other touts.
It’s easy to imagine the elegance of the Bund in its heyday, when the gardens were barred to dogs and Chinese, in that order.
They are an easy walk apart by the harbor road, or a longer 45-minute hike on the scenic Peak Road.
Besides, easy graders are more popular on campus.
A drawling official said these fugitives were not experienced in the back country, so they would be easy pickings.
Balancing competing demands within a "cult of curability" may encourage physicians to evaluate success on the basis of curing, rather than on the basis of providing the best care for patients [ 17 ] . In such a system, it is easy to imagine how a resident's reluctance to propose alternative care approaches could result from intimidation by the accepted system rather than her own self-acknowledged lack of experience.
It's also that they make it very difficult to concentrate on Reagan and much too easy to concentrate on the made-up cast of characters flitting around him, improbably preoccupied by him even in the years before he was important, writing back and forth to each other about their fictional encounters with him and with each other, telling the story of their own families in almost as much detail as they talk about Reagan's.
This reaction is easy to understand: I was, at the time, facing the oppression of anti-Semitic schoolyard thugs, and in my revenge-fantasies, Bugsy Siegel and Gurrah Shapiro were lining up on my side, blackjacks in hand.
It is not always easy to ascertain whether the underlying metaphor in such expressions is the bow and arrow or the gun and cannon (see Peter A. Douglas's “The Bows' Stratagem,” VERBATIM VI,3), but we can be fairly certain that the wad in shooting one's wad refers to the wad that held the powder and shot in position to be fired from early guns and that the pot in potshot signifies the dinner pot to be filled with an animal that was shot close up without any regard for rules.
There are hardly any printing errors and plenty of white spacing making reading easy.
' Some of it is Australian underworld slang: fruit for the sideboard `easy pickings,' tank a `safe,' track `prison warder who carries contraband messages or goods out of or into a prison for a prisoner.
Curiously, not all the portals we examined make it this easy.
Rewarding people for good outcomes and punishing them for bad ones is relatively easy when the quality of the outcomes is easy to measure.
It's easy to understand why we replace vanishing Mafiosi and Commies with asteroids, hurricanes, and volcanoes.
It's easy to think of the people who run software companies other than Microsoft as underdogs fighting Big Bad Bill.
Users disclosing sensitive information or passwords in response to seemingly innocent requests from strangers either over the phone or in person can provide intruders easy access to an organization's information and systems.
Users disclosing sensitive information or passwords in response to seemingly innocent requests from strangers either over the phone or in person can provide intruders easy access to an organization's information and systems.
And stand by for seats that swivel out for easy entry and exit.
The gags are often easy, but the characters are in an authentic hell.
The Clinton years haven't been easy for the U.S.
The only other valuable child raising hint I have is to dress the kids in orange shirts when they get mobile, because then they're easy to spot in a crowd (nobody wears orange voluntarily), although if you put this in
This is not an abstract speculation: In the United States, at least, it is easy to be specific about who pays whom to say what about globalization.
That's too easy.
Athens became so attached to this source of easy money that dissent soon grew among the member cities, and Sparta led the confederacy from Athens after the Peloponnesian War (413– 404 b.c. ). The Persians, sensing weakness in the ranks, launched another offensive, resulting in the Ae­gean coast cities coming under Persian control in 387 b.c.
They know that their account of human motivation is deliberately reductive--designed to make it easy to grasp large patterns of behavior--rather than a rich and accurate description of what and who we are.
It is often said that there are no easy answers, but in fact there are.
It's easy to imagine an election where Clinton is initially ahead of Dole, but a third party entry by, say, Jesse Jackson, pushes Dole ahead of Clinton.
Making this case won't be easy, but it's unavoidable.
Anything we can do to get out in the community, to make folks aware of how easy it is to get service, that they won't be ripped off, is important.
Even today it is easy to see why major roads bypass the area; the only routes that traverse the region are smaller roads that twist and turn along the river dales and up through the craggy mountain passes.
The Bell Curve refers in passing to some of these points, but on the whole it sets up a cartoon-left position as its (easy) target.
Anecdotal support of Males' view is easy to find in Sydney Lewis' A Totally Alien Life-Form: Teenagers , an oral history of contemporary American adolescence.
Putting aside "stage" as a horse-drawn conveyance, a popular delicatessen, a part of a rocket, and an opportunity to mock Gail Sheehy (who seems to get a free ride from News Quiz participants), this question all but demanded the invention of a violent theatrical event, and that's not easy.
Brill didn't do it the easy way for two good reasons.
Take it easy there.
While objecting to cross-examination of alleged rape victims because "it is easy to distort events so that a rape can appear to be consensual sex," she ignores the reverse implication--that it is easy to make consensual sex look like rape.
Do you think it so easy to have me become your lover?
The socket cell that surrounds the growing shaft remains in the plane of the adult epidermis and is easy to observe in whole mount preparations of pupal epidermis.
It turns out to be surprisingly easy to get past the whining and the nonsense about fame.
Andy Kaufman would have been horrified by the implication that he was better than the people who failed to understand him, if only because that would have made him so easy to skewer.
It's easy to call this gullibility and incompetence, and that's exactly what Republicans are doing: A chorus on the right, including Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, the Wall Street Journal editorial page, and Larry Klayman, is demanding her resignation.
That is easy enough to follow, but digging a little deeper into the meaning of Christmas leads us to a strange anomaly.
It's pathetically easy to play on Washington's cultural pretensions--"We're a sophisticated city like New York, aren't we?
The relaxation of prohibitionist laws has brought them within easy reach of most of the American public, and the public has voted for them with its feet.
The moguls who control the computer, television, and telephone businesses think so, and they are populating your future with Internet appliances . Already on sale are such I-appliance devices as Web-aware televisions and e-mail telephones, which offer quick and easy Internet access for consumers who fear personal computers.
It is easy to verify that the probability of the response is monotonous in both person and item parameters.
We've made it easy to get Today's Papers in the morning, in a printer-friendly version, but with a bit of effort this software can also be used to fetch and print any other page on
It is easy to miss, but once you have spotted it, cross the street and look back at the faded, ancient sign and the colonnades on the wall above.
The transition from communism to capitalism has not been easy, as all the former Eastern bloc states have found, but Hungary, at least, has a significant share of Western investments to help support its rather fragile economy.
He may now be the most famous literature professor in America, and it's easy to understand why.
It is easy to mock the postal service, but--33 cents!
Getting a good fix on this phenomenon isn't easy, because most government data are collected to measure monthly employment changes, and there are no current data available on gross job flows by business size.
An occasional touch of “Delhi belly” is unavoidable when you’re not used to the spicy food, but nothing to worry about; take it easy and drink lots of liquids, and it’ll pass.
Among the named original owners, the most palpably present in her clothes was Catherine Deneuve, whose magnetic and statuesque beauty was easy to imagine inhabiting these sweeping YSL evening dresses.
In London, a Financial Times editorial said the United States has made itself an easy target for China's ambitious spies because of security failings that "are just the latest symptoms of a deep muddle over the direction of US policy towards China."
If you are feeling fit and energetic you can hike up these hills, but the easy way is by car, or by a jeep that shuttles passengers to and from the bottom of the hill to the wine museum and three small museum houses, as well as scenic points of interest.
To qualify for a bonus under his new regulations, states would be required not just to make it easy for families who leave welfare (TANF) to keep getting food stamps, but to actively "encourage food stamp applications even if the TANF application halts."
Is it likely that she could, by twirling around and around on the bars, generate enough power to kick the pouncing velociraptor (weighing in at 300 pounds, easy) through the air and out the window?
Maintainability Does the facility design allow for easy and costeffective maintenance and repair over the useful life of the facility?
It would be easy to mistake such elaborate body language for arrogance, as more than a few observers have, whereas the true meaning of the tic may be the exact opposite.
A button on the "Chatterbox" page will make this easy, so please do join in.
On a summer evening it is one of the best places to sit with a drink and watch the world go by, and is within easy reach of a romantic walk along the canalsides.
"There are no easy answers" is itself an easy answer--if you can get away with it.
I won't bore you with the details, but it's really quite easy to download books and other reading materials into a palmtop computer.
An intelligent man finds it easy to laugh at himself, but his laughter is not sincere if it is thorough.
Heading west out of Iráklion you can take the fast road (New National Road) along the coast, with easy links to the resorts of Agía Pelágia (with organized watersports), Bali, and Pánormos, or take the slower Old National Road, which winds its way inland.
If I could imagine myself back at the beginning of that discontinuity in 1897, I could by easy stages imagine myself back three millennia.
Moreover, if it is deemed advisable to have the names in alphabetical order to make it easy to find a given street, it would be a simple matter to put Karachi Street between Istanbul and Lisbon Streets, Bach Boulevard between Jerusalem and Copland Boulevards followed by Debussy .
Once inside it is easy to imagine a large garrison and its entourage being based here, though there are few buildings left to explore.
It is important to realize that as we go forward, there are no easy solutions to complex problems.
However, neither project would be easy.
But, as Shuman can tell you, it's easy to write bugs into simple, short programs, like one designed to find a single word in a sentence.
' (Another example of an anti-intellectualism is the expression between a rock and a hard place -- that is “a rock” and not “Iraq,” regardless of current events -- which I take to be a corruption of between Scylla and Charybdis , neither of which is easy to pronounce from its spelling.
One thing this method is not is easy.
Only after 9/11 would it be discovered that Muhktar/KSM had communicated with a phone that was used by Binalshibh, and that Binalshibh had used the same phone to communicate with Moussaoui, as discussed in chapter 7. As in the Moussaoui situation already described, the links to Binalshibh might not have been an easy trail to find and would have required substantial cooperation from the German government.
Ford and Carnegie are easy to explain--they are no longer living, and we decided to list family foundation gifts only when one of the original donors is still alive.
Optionally, it can include only nodes below a specified level if the entire DAG would be too large for easy visualization.
On the assumption that the legislature had acted in good faith, that there was no graft involved in vesting this authority in the Crescent City Slaughter-House Company, the controversy seemed to be an easy one—at least by contemporary standards of public regulation.
Bonnie Hough, supervising attorney for the California Judicial Council in San Francisco, said the system in Orange County is one of the best in the nation because it is comprehensive and easy to follow.
This is not easy to answer.
She is an easy target.
And, as any one versed in organizational psychology or even experienced in managing a large organization knows, such transformations do not come easy, they are seldom painless, and they require the staff of the organization leading such a transformation to put themselves on the line in ways that often are unfamiliar and unpleasant.
So come along, as I demonstrate how to lose scads of money in four easy steps, without leaving my desk chair or deriving any sort of tangible return.
What's ironic about this revisionism is that it's easy to dismiss the 1980s vogue for Japanese strategy and techniques only because so many of those techniques have become part of the fabric of everyday life at many, perhaps most, U.S. industrial companies.
It's not always easy."
Not only does the system make life easier for people who can't afford a lawyer, but it also might improve efficiency in the courts because the forms, which are printed out when completed, are easy to read and are being filled out correctly, the study found.
Well-worn walking trails at the park are easy to follow, but be aware that there are two car parks at the sanctuary (east and west).
The most powerful work in The Sixties also defies easy categorization.
Anti-language is not easy to define as it does not have rigid rules to which a subculture's inventions must conform.
Maslin, however, instigates the backlash against the backlash, calling Stewart an "easy target," undeserving of such outraged fulminations: "Now it can be told: little Martha Stewart ate Gulden's mustard on white bread as an after-school snack."
Once again, it's easy to imagine party committees and advocacy groups making inventive and persuasive ads that don't depict or refer to a candidate, but strike the same themes as the campaign's ads established outside the 60-day period.
And they've done a great job keeping Microsoft from eating their lunch, which is no easy task.
The data were compiled in chart format for easy comparison (Fig.
It's not likely to be an easy primary.
Within easy walking distance from one another, you’ll find a blues club, a Harley-Davidson-theme rock n’ roll club, a salsa dance club, live mariachi music, a glitzy gay club (with nightly leather ranch-hands’ show), an alternative dance club, and a sports bar.
We then make for the historic inland towns of Elche, Orihuela, and Murcia, equally within easy reach.
Recently, some 11-year-olds were introduced to Time . "It's so easy!"
This is what the German central banker Hans Tietmayer always calls, with severe disapproval, "the easy way out."
Obviously, it's easy for me to complain about players who aren't big on self-effacement or deference to authority.
It's easy for Americans to imagine that our mobile, placeless society doesn't give people much outside themselves with which to identify; indeed, in her interviews, Faludi finds many men longing for a mythical time when they knew where they belonged.
The ability of the case study to capitalize on insight, to shift focus as the data demand, and to let disparate pieces of evidence fall into place in ways that are not always easy to describe or command is believed to yield a richer, fuller, and truer explanation of why things look the way they do than the more limited number of tests of a priori hypotheses that other methods use.
Some corrections are easy and obvious.
And the province’s principal city, with a population of 1.7 million, is the beautifully situated Vancouver, home of easy living, elegant architecture, and all the color and movement of an international port.
They fold into other shapes so they're easy to sneak into school.
But Spock was not, pace his critics, a permissive advocate of giving the child real power or of giving parents an easy break.
Genome-wide expression profiling by microarray technology provides an easy alternative for the functional genomic exploration of P. falciparum.
I think it's fairly easy to answer the race-and-class argument.
East on Motorway 10, a tour of the region makes an easy day trip out of Montréal, but you may well choose to stay longer for a restful boat cruise, picnic, or ramble, taking advantage of the many delightful old-fashioned country inns and restaurants using the excellent local farm produce.
It has always been easy to make fun of Edward Burne-Jones (1833-1898), the English Pre-Raphaelite painter and designer.
They work together to achieve a common understanding of goals, metrics, and anticipated outcomes that are easy to understand but are aimed at adding value.
This measure makes it easy to target items for editing or deletion if they are not performing well.
To reach Gosier’s attractive offshore islet requires a challenging swim or an easy boat ride.
So I write in up above, and rest is easy.
This process is simple, easy, accessible.
For the West Coast peoples, as the song says, the living was easy.
Billy and Daniel say they both got into acting after they saw how easy it was for their brothers to make it.
Tipping waiters is easy enough--15 percent for adequate service, 20 percent if they give me the post-dinner coffee free.
4) We'll also make SLATE as easy as possible to print out.
The venerable craft of exquisite handmade paper goods, stationery, and bookbinding is easy to find.
I'm fairly certain that setting up a printer is easy, but I'm taking the word of Linux experts on this.
Because L91' and E82' no longer cause COP1 cosuppression, it was easy to monitor the interaction by following the cosuppression phenotypes of the naive E82 and L91 loci.
It's not an easy thing."
Nor does she trust our competence to manage unfettered communication: "E-mail makes it too easy to forward messages, too easy to reply before your temper cools, too easy to broadcast messages to large numbers of people without thinking about how every sentence will strike every recipient."
We use page numbers, like a traditional print magazine, and have tried to make it as easy as possible either to "flip through" the magazine or to and from the Table of Contents.
He demonstrated to the electorate that real change is not cheap and easy.
In the case of Bob Dole, afflicted reporters repeat the well-grooved narrative of his Wound, Recovery, New Sensitivity, because it makes for a good and easy story--and because it fits with their line that the formerly taciturn/stoic, mean/hatchet-wielding Dole has evolved, even when the record shows that he's been a serial blubberer since the '70s and, despite the tears, is just as mean as ever.
, for some 99 percent of our population, not to mention the fact that peanut products are easy to keep, very popular, and generally inexpensive!
He is particularly savage to the woman the media love to hate (a cheap and easy shot in order to provide the book with a villain).
Still, there's a certain irony in Grove's ascent to elder statesman, because the idea of him as shaper of the future makes it easy to miss how much Grove and Intel were products of what's now described as the corporate past.
Over the centuries, the living here has always been easy enough to attract a steady stream of immigrants.
The Republican leadership also talks as though it will be easy.
The show, which opens Thursday, is the boldest display of corporate muscle and easy museological virtue to appear at a respected New York art institution in, oh, about two months--since "Sensation" opened at the Brooklyn Museum.
The Royal architects Edwin Lutyens and Herbert Baker created a monumental New Delhi with triumphal arches, palaces, gigantic government buildings, and sweeping avenues radiating from circles (for easy riot control) — the stuff of an empire meant to last forever.
Though the dust-jacket blurb promises that 1500 new terms were added, it is not easy to see where, and if, in order to fit them in, hundreds of entries were deleted, that diminishes the value of the book.
The reason, surely, is that etymology is tethered to ordinary life in ways that are easy to grasp.
A boom built on easy money is not.
You don’t need a car to visit and explore the pretty towns; public buses provide a very comprehensive, easy, and cheap service.
They don't get fat, but they have a nice, easy life waiting for their dinner to fall to them.
But it is also stuffed with Hilfiger's personal reminiscences about serving as designer to the stars, which are as presumptuous as they are empty: "Making clothes for Keith [Richards] is easy, because he knows exactly what he wants."
That makes it easy to reconcile a taste for economic welfare with a taste for individual liberty: Usually, markets deliver both at once.
It is easy to question such a statement.
This one ended up being surprisingly easy!
Well, I suppose that's a bother on a vacation, but wouldn't it be just as easy to put the whole thing inside the drawer as in the wastebasket?
Locked in the Cabinet , Robert Reich's new memoir of his years as labor secretary in the Clinton administration, is an engaging policy memoir: insightful, often witty and, what's most unusual for wonk kiss and tells, easy to read, partly because it's told in long stretches of well-written dialogue that add up to scores of novelistic scenes of Washington at work.
Some titles are catchy, and easy to remember, like H.G.
One of the basic truisms about investing that's very easy to forget, especially in the middle of the kind of bull market we're in, is that it isn't a stock market, but rather a market of stocks.
You can buy a darn nice spatula for about $2--wooden with a rubbery blade--and it's easy for kids to grip.
Since I lived in South Florida, where real tropical exotica abound (poisonous toads, walking catfish, two-foot-long green lizards from Cuba, etc.) it was easy to flummox visitors.
For example, there is not only affirmation by demonstration (ergo, hence, therefore, accordingly , but there is also documentation by postulation (it can be assumed, we can suppose) and also validation by synthesization (basically, in truth, in a very real sense) as well as verification by substitution (that is to say, in other words, in short) . Similarly, there is not only confutation by disputation (on the contrary, notwithstanding, however, nevertheless) , but there is also negation by concession (despite, although, allowing that) and also, not least, refutation by capitulation (it might be argued, it would be easy to conclude) .
Coming to terms with this reality isn't easy, especially for the largely male contingent of senior managers and pundits whose personal machismo is on the line.
Surely you can find alternatives to being too PC on one hand and going for easy O.J. laughs on the other.
They are too easy a target.
It's easy to interpret this as popular depravity, but the matter is not so simple.
This easy to use, freely distributed program http://www.pkquest.comallows anyone to use and compare the different approaches for different experimental data sets.
The Washington Post weighed in with articles on how easy it is to construct letter bombs and ship them undetected through the U.S. mail.
Because a meta-analysis does not involve human subjects or experimental animals directly, it is often considered an easy study that can be done with a minimum of effort and little attention is often paid to details of design and implementation.
Consequently it was easy to assign unexplainable natural phenomena to the work of witches, and these beliefs have persisted over hundreds of years.
It’s not always an easy city to love, but few leave unimpressed.
It's easy to hate Dunlap for the wrong reason, which is that he is a brutal, heartless, arrogant bastard.
Clay's not easy to edit.
In order to identify your exact level of, say, math ability, it must ask dozens of questions that range from ridiculously easy to sort-of-easy to impossibly hard.
This is certainly not possible if there has been a big mistake in cutting, but it is never easy, even without serious cutting errors.
I'm afraid this is kind of a one joke question, and the joke is cheap and easy blasphemy.
In "Adam's Curse," Yeats writes in apparently effortless couplets, demonstrating what he says about writing--what is demanding is made to look natural and easy.
Tom Clancy is just as easy.
In recent years, though, the mundane teakettle has become something else: an opportunity for designers to show off--and, sometimes, an object lesson in how easy it is for them to mess up.
And with its easy access and defiance of time and space, it is the perfect place for us to visit them.
It's become easy to accept this argument, of course, because the stock market has taken on such tremendous cultural prominence in the 1990s, and has become, in fact, the key symbol of this decade's economic boom.
So I'd go easy on the swaggering if I were me.
It strains credibility to assert the truth, which is that the main lesson one really learns from those 473 pages is how easy it is for an intelligent, earnest man to trip over his own intellectual shoelaces.
I found law school discussions concerning the concept of "basis" or "stepped-up basis" to be about as easy to follow as the rule against perpetuities.
Some of the compromises are the normal sorts of difficulties that all intellectuals face--from over-edited writing meant to make easy any difficult idea to the need for excessive conflict in order to make the work "interesting."
The Caniçal tunnel – Boca do Risca – Larano (easy; 3.5 hours): a walk along the north coast between Boca do Risco and Porto da Cruz; terrific flora and sea views.
Not a large area, the Algarve is relatively easy to get around, whether by train or car (an effort that is much more relaxing outside of the main summer season).
As advertising budgets become more fragmented, it's easy to imagine a situation in which ad agencies serve primarily to orchestrate production teams, bringing in art directors and copywriters for specific ad campaigns rather than keeping a whole staff on hand.
Fortunately, there's an easy solution!
The good news: New drugs and treatments make it easy to live with asthma.
This data isn't as easy to keep track of as temperature extremes, partly because snow melts and drifts and does all sorts of other things that make it difficult to measure, and partly because the world's extreme snowfalls tend to occur at very high elevations where there aren't a lot of climatologists hanging around.
Nor is there a moment when Newell takes the easy way out.
It is fairly easy to find your way, as most of the streets follow a pattern and are well signposted.
It was strangely easy for her to outfox the palace.
This distinction is not easy in standard English.
Plus, we have so few trains, and they don't go very far, so it's easy to make them run on time.
And offers this "clarification": "But analysts say the peg won't be easy to defend, however.
It's an easy way to show sound-bite leadership on an issue that everybody is talking about, without much risk of bitter consequences.
Their task wasn't easy, because just as the prevalence of the Lojack affects auto-theft rates, so auto-theft rates affect the prevalence of the Lojack--first because consumers buy more security equipment when theft rates are high, and second because regulators behave differently when thefts are high.
The easy answer: Executive Editor Benjamin Bradlee departed in 1991 after 26 years at the top.
Lower down in the verbiage, Amazon concedes, "Though we have tried hard to make this form easy to use, we know that it can be quite confusing the first time."
That's not an easy stage to live through, even in the most orderly family or era.
It's easy for today's textile workers to imagine that the Caribbean or the Far East is the next stop on this trip.
It's not easy to argue with either of these propositions.
He was still tied for the lead, but that didn't matter, since the devastation of missing that putt ensured that, on the 18 th , facing an almost identically easy putt, three feet straight uphill, he didn't even catch any lip, missed it wide left, game over.
While that is no easy task, we ought not forget that the IRS currently performs this very function in administering the estate and gift tax.
But the film has the soul of a guidance counselor, and whenever it seems poised to go where no commercial American picture has gone before--to a place where our responses are gummed up, where we can grasp simultaneously the horror and the allure of the white supremacist movement--it snaps back into easy moralizing, demonization, and naive notions of how people change.
The easy winner--and easy target--in this category is Ehrlich's 1976 The Population Bomb , a neo-Malthusian tract, which predicted a population explosion that would cause global shortages, raise prices, poison the environment, and lower life expectancy.
Here are half a dozen consumer-tested easy answers on issues like Kosovo:
And if the implied generalization had no validity--if a young black male was no more likely to be a mugger than anyone else approaching on the sidewalk--it would be easy to label as racist.
It's easy to see how the same dynamic could work at a newspaper.
One answer is that psychic costs shouldn't count because they're too easy to exaggerate.
Cynics' translation: He's playing dead . Anti-Microsoft analysts spin the same theory the other way: Gates, having been pulled over by the cops for aggressive driving, is sliding into the "passenger seat" and giving the wheel to Ballmer, whose record is clean, so that the cops will go easy on the company.
Today, English, far from an easy language to master, has probably replaced French as the most universally used lingua franca.
The writing is easy to read and colloquial (by which I mean it contains the classic solecisms that purists deride).
It's as easy as pie
Providing these reasons turns out not to be so easy.
A hundred years ago, leather was considered utilitarian; leather aprons and vests were worn only by workmen, and leather easy chairs were only found in smoking rooms and men’s clubs since leather was less flammable than fabric.
In order to test whether RIO performs well on an "easy" case, RIO was used to analyze lactate/malate dehydrogenase family members both in A. thaliana and C. elegans . L-Lactate and malate dehydrogenases are members of the same protein family (represented in Pfam as ldh for the NAD-binding domain and ldh_C for the alpha/beta C-terminal domain), yet they catalyze different reactions.
Normal and logistic distributions are easy to work with using numerical methods.
4. The six semantic rules are easy to model in validating software implementations.
This expectation is to some extent borne out by the relative prominence of mitochondrial disorders arising from mutations in the mtDNA - although it is also important to note that such mutations, being comparatively easy to identify by sequencing, will naturally have been among the first to be characterized.
These exemplary practices also were posted on the LSC Resource Library Initiative website (LRI), ensuring easy and public access to information about them.
The state and local gateway was designed to give state and local government officials and employees easy access to federal information, and includes a link to a "Laws/Regulations" page that organizes the information by topic (e.g.
"These cases take time and they aren't easy.
It’s easy to play: pick up to 15 numbers on the 80-number slip, then hand it and your money (usually a dollar per game) to the keno runner, and she’ll return a computerized ticket.
One important and major advantage of advance reservations is that the visitor will be met at the airport straight away by a representative of the houseboat-owner — it’s not easy for newcomers to find their way among the boats.
This is where Osaka’s trendy youth prowl for action, as do many of Osaka’s growing pack of young foreign residents seduced by the lure of easy yen.
It’s so easy to escape the city completely that one needn’t feel trapped by the urban environment.
Compared with the price of exotic flora elsewhere these really are a bargain, even when packed into an air-freight box that makes them very easy to transport home.
 Nepal is easy. T
Other inducements to general aviation include easy access to airports.
The vocabulary is jocular in its easy mixture of the casual (in slang or coinages or abbreviations), the learned (in avatar, baroque, catatonic, synchronous ), the visual (in hieroglyphics or emoticons), and even the aural (in the fondness for explosives, like bang , common spoken name for !) or onomatopoeia ( bletch, glitch, gonk ).
True, some problems are easy to diagnose but hard to deal with.
, obligation document, receiving report, and the invoice) supporting a disbursement were normally filed centrally at the certifying or disbursing officer's location for easy access in the event of a management review or outside audit of the payment process.
ICUs that use APACHE II as their database severity of illness scoring system will find it easy to apply the system to this subgroup of patients rather than implementing a special disease-specific system exclusively for OLTX patients.
Because a worker may have a day’s work in the carts in front of her, it is easy to see how individual bundles of parts can be misplaced—which, in turn, will hold up the assembly of some SKUs.
These are generally staged for tour groups on whistle-stop visits, and while they provide an easy option, they are not representative of real Hungarian folk entertainment.
The book is not easy to read: "To the extent that the book has a literary style, it is that of the recording angel.
How else to explain the way movies use ridicule and easy clichés when re-creating the clothes of the 1950s?
It’s easy to tell that they are not: Printed patterns don’t penetrate fully to the other side, while the real batik will show thin veins of color where the dye runs along tiny cracks in the wax (printed versions may try to simulate this).
Trading conditions, however, were not easy.
The chums took the easy way out.
After an easy side-trip from Florence to Fiesole, our itineraries go farther afield — west to Pisa and Lucca before turning south through the hills of Chianti to Siena.
Anecdotal evidence shows that most passwords are birth dates of family members, maiden names, favorite sports teams--things that are easy to guess.
Today you’ll share your visit with hundreds of tourists, as the monastery is within easy reach of all the Sinai resorts, but not many venture up the slope to the top of Mount Sinai to visit the tiny chapel and take in the truly spectacular views of the surrounding mountains.
The general production of the book is poor: the paper has too much “see-through,” causing the type on the back of a page to interfere with the legibility; the type is too gray; the definitions are run into one another, with semicolons in place of definition numbers, making it difficult to distinguish senses and requiring one to read through a long entry before coming to the sense sought; it is almost impossible to discover where a new part of speech begins; subentries of idiomatic phrases and phrasal verbs are given the same prominence as headwords, making them easy to find but detracting from the headword treatment; and the substandard typography has created many loose lines which poor proofreading has failed to catch.
It will be easy to see where a patient physically is at any time, where they are in their hospital course, what their treatment is, and whether guidelines are being followed.
It's easy to be a statesman when all the options are good.
The Old City is Jerusalem’s most endlessly fascinating attraction, and it is easy to cover on foot.
"Daylight is too easy," he insisted.
Few people get easy, inexpensive access to doctors' records or, in this case, to teachers' evaluations of Seth's speech difficulties.
Lateral gene transfer could play a part in such a process [ 13], even if it is not easy to envisage how it could explain such extensive conservation.
We've become so accustomed to hearing U.S. companies complain about foreign competition that it's easy to see Kodak's post-defeat recriminations as just more whining.
To make it palatable for a popular audience, it has been published in the guise of a vocabulary builder, which, I suppose, it is, though anyone without both the vocabulary to begin with and an inordinately strong will is very unlikely to find the book easy to understand.
It's easy enough to tell acquaintances that the reason I'm not having a beer at the office party is that I'm "on some medication," and leave it at that.
The heart of the complex is the 100-acre (40-hectare) Magic Kingdom, where it’s easy to confuse who’s real and who’s artificial.
A lot of people are just intimidated by forms, whether they're easy or not.
It’s so attractive and so easy to reach that it’s packed with sunbathers all summer long.
He said it was "fine by me, but most big decisions in modern history have been taken without reference to Parliament and so I suppose that one chamber is as easy to bypass as two."
The center of Lisbon is small, compact, and easy to get around in just a few days.
For mine I can imagine him coming up with something like, A good man, apart from his too easy tolerance.
The Mandarin Chinese speaker from Beijing would read this from top to bottom (it may also be written left to right) as shàonián yì lăo, xué nán chéng , and understand it to mean something like It is easy for a youth to grow old, but harder to complete one's studies.
Slippery scree slopes fall below, so take it easy and keep to the path.
It’s easy to overdose on the many temples, palaces, and museums in India.
Further north beyond Nuevo Vallarta are a succession of small towns and relatively undeveloped beaches, in easy reach by car.
There were sleek stainless-steel pendant lighting fixtures with suspended glass diffusers and stylish easy chairs covered in canvas.
For hack screenwriters, sexually based words have become a kind of shorthand to represent insult or anger, while rectal/ excretory words more generally are used to get an easy laugh.
In other words, the traditional view against advance peeks sacrifices fact-checking primarily to take the easy way out.
This habit, too, makes West easy to mock, but I think it serves a purpose.
The bull market makes it easy to obscure that fact.
Carved out of the western sixth of the Iberian peninsula, the country is quite easy to get around.
The shops tend to be clustered together, which makes it easy to compare prices and quality before you buy; in Nassau you’ll find them on Bay Street and in the International Bazaar, and in the Port Lucaya Market on Grand Bahama.
These companies made their mark selling sturdy commodities like chamois cloth shirts and field boots that are easy to keep in stock because the demand for them is stable from year to year.
Jordan juked right, shook his man, dashed right past 7-foot-7 Gheorghe Muresan, and burgled the backboard for an easy layup.
Choosing a permanent capital for these United Provinces wasn’t easy.
Aside from being easily transformable and having a well characterized genome [ 21], it is relatively easy to track cell types and individual cells.
An FBI spokeswoman quoted in the New York Times said the agency will first establish whether there is any semen on the dress (easy to do) and then spend "several weeks" finding out whose semen it is (somewhat more difficult but, since the mid-1990s, not all that hard, according to the Washington Post ). Assuming the genetic markers point to Clinton (and that Clinton doesn't resort to claiming a heretofore undisclosed identical twin), scientific empiricism, in collaboration with the more untidy empiricism of daily journalism, will have triumphed.
I personally own it on two different collections, one a five volume collection of all known Basement Tapes recordings titled The Genuine Basement Tapes (the history of which is detailed by Clinton Heylin in his book Bootleg ) as well as a bootleg greatest hits collection called The Genuine Bootleg Series, Take 2 . I live in Kansas, the middle of the Midwest, and these CDs were easy to find in local stores.
in 1869, but incorporating Manitoba was not so easy.
Which success would appear less taxing to a studio's resources and more easy to repeat?
Guys in black masks smashing Starbucks windows make easy targets, sure.
It isn't easy to be that wrong, but Ferris managed it.
And rest easy, Miss Dalrymple, when I reedit speech scripts for print publication, I always revert to good old academically pure English usage.
They are relatively small programs, 1.1 MB and 1.2 MB respectively, and are easy to install.
We were easy prey for the safety crusaders who argued in the 1970s and '80s that drivers and their passengers could not be expected to buckle their seat belts and shoulder belts, and that the recalcitrant car companies should be required to install "passive restraints."
I would not see myself as being easy on Henry Louis Gates Jr.
Mailer was a Jewish New Yorker, beloved by black people, and a comparatively easy read (not to mention a fine lay).
It inhabits those sectors of the economy where one or more requirements of purely competitive markets--many suppliers, a relatively homogeneous product, easy access for new companies to the market, enough information for consumers to make the best buys--cannot be met to a substantial degree.
It's easy to imagine Dick Armey and Trent Lott nudging each other with told-you-so glee, or Gore and Gephardt averting their eyes with a shudder.
That would sure make things easy for us content providers, but I don't think so.
It is not easy to predict which post offices would be closed.
(The philanthropic worldview also informed Rockefeller's ambitious ideas about government spending, which would eventually make him an easy target.)
The hairpin turns from farce to melodrama, from satire to bathos, are fresh and deftly navigated, but almost every one of the underlying attitudes is smug and easy: from the corporate flunky named "Brad" to the interchangeable gay neighbors (they're both called "Jim") to the brutally homophobic patriarch next door, an ex-Marine colonel (Chris Cooper) who has reduced his wife (the normally exuberant Allison Janney) to a catatonic mummy and his son, Ricky (Bentley), to a life of subterranean deception.
Getting your Slate this way is as easy as dismantling a medium-sized nuclear power plant.
The laser Doppler scans were easy to make (Fig.
Both parties in the '98 campaign offer an easy answer to that question.
I can't say that I entirely understand him, his placidity and easy manner--but then, nobody understands him.
This guide explores the island from north to south, giving the exact location of attractions in kilometers to make it easy for you to find what you need.
Still, My Son the Fanatic isn't an easy sell: Miramax picked it up for U.S. distribution and sat on it for a couple of years, reportedly debating whether to alter its irresolute ending.
Revolutions are never easy.
It's easy to overestimate the significance of that number, which is inflated by the high price of most U.S. stocks.
Sure, it's easy to decry the commercialization of the holiday, like putting trousers on all the figures in the nativity scene, adding a big electric sign that flashes: "Jesus Wore Khakis," and pocketing some pretty sweet change from the Gap.
Coverage of political issues too often gels around easy, conflict-based poles, to the detriment of anyone's understanding.
And so it is very easy for someone who is completely wrong about the fundamentals to make a correct prediction about the direction of stock prices, and conversely.
Importantly, physicians in a group would have to reach consensus on the content of "easy to understand" answers for each question.
Why else would we so frequently use the term user-friendly to describe operations that are not easy to do?
But profitable day trading certainly isn't, and the current mania for it is less a reflection of the moneymaking opportunities it offers than of the allure of easy credit and the seemingly unstoppable conviction of all gamblers that the house can be beaten.
I am troubled by the kind of behavior that the Internet seems to engender and am often offended by the cruel and mindless blather that is too easy to find.
A term of opprobrium, the word came from the Southerners' perception that the newcomers represented the dregs of society, seeking nothing but easy political gain.
But that may not be easy: This dinner's the day after the New Hampshire primary, which means I've got to crank out some fresh material that morning, and I may not be well positioned.
Hatch, who is chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, is berated especially for going easy on Clinton's "activist" judicial nominees.
This term does not qualify as slang because it is a legitimate, formal term, rather easy to define denotatively, quite fit for use in polite company, and equally at home in written and spoken language.
Even if you accept that lawns and cars and credit card debt and designer logos are pernicious, to attack them seems, as a writing project, a little easy.
It isn't always easy to figure out what she is talking about.
It’s an excellent focal point, giving new visitors an easy reference to establish their location; it’s a spectacular vantage point for many of the city’s great landmarks; and its bridges and quays offer history, entertainment, shopping… and exercise.
The place in question is Méson de la Silla, not easy to spot, parallel to the main road.
It would also be easy to close.
All the interesting sights around the capital make for an easy day trip by car or local train, enabling you to keep your Paris hotel if you wish (although you would probably enjoy a change of scene and find the local country inns less expensive).
The Slums of Beverly Hills never gels, but it has a likable spirit, and it's exceedingly easy on the eye, with lots of pretty girls and wry evocations of '70s fashions and decor.
It allows encoding up to 99 OR subfamilies of 99 members for each chromosome, possibly including polymorphic OR forms, as well as easy sorting of receptor lists.
For example, respondents indicated that the LSTAT was easy to operate, access to the patient was not obstructed, and the LSTAT was easy to maneuver.
"Frankly, I think that even if you missed the pilot of The West Wing , it should be pretty easy to catch on."
Total tranquility permeates the Monasterio de El Parral, founded in the mid-15th century just beyond the city walls (but within easy reach of the center of town).
When I go back, I find that it has already downloaded the last two weeks' cartoons, making my experience fast and easy.
The easy analogy here is to catalog sales (although these, too, have posed problems for state and local authorities).
Microgovernment makes easy populist politics.
The cocktail facilitated easy detection and interpretation of melanoma micrometastases in sentinel lymph nodes with reproducible inter-observer results.
We had fallen under the spell of Grace Kelly and Audrey Hepburn, whose shoulders curved with easy finesse, and whose heads sat high atop swanlike necks, just waiting for crowns.
The plays share a certain puzzlelike quality; they are full of easy paradoxes and diverting logical conundrums.
The mild climate and generally easy living have given them the leisure to develop artistic talents less apparent among native peoples and Inuit facing harsher conditions.
As for maintaining a romantic relationship with someone with wildly divergent politics, it is like walking with oatmeal in your shoe: It's not easy, but it's possible.
In rare cases that irony is underlined, as in Drugstore Cowboy (1989), in which the title character (Matt Dillon) stops using drugs and seems suddenly smaller and more vulnerable--and easy prey for the freaks he had previously dominated.
The easy winner--and easy target--in this category is Ehrlich's 1976 The Population Bomb , a neo-Malthusian tract, which predicted a population explosion that would cause global shortages, raise prices, poison the environment, and lower life expectancy.
Many equestrian centers throughout the Lake District offer guided rides, which range from easy to challenging.
All of these items are hyperlinked to the appropriate databases for easy access to more extensive information.
A number of ferry terminals on the Hamilton-Warwick and Hamilton-Paget routes can be found on Harbour Road, as can many hotels and guest houses, away from the bustle of Hamilton but within easy reach of all its facilities.
"The reality is it's easy to say they should never have contact," said Sherry Currens, executive director of the Kentucky Domestic Violence Association, an advocacy and legal protection group. "
This kind of lie is remarkably common, even though it is also often remarkably easy to expose.
Therefore it was easy to interpret signals obtained using AEC as genuine HPV-related correlates whereas with DAB, diffuse signals were easy to interpret, but the interpretation of punctate signals was generally open to question.
It has always seemed to me that we view the answering of questions of fact (like what a word means or what is its etymology) as either “easy” or “difficult” depending on whether we know the answer or not.
Third, it is not as easy as it seems to lump Fish with the progressives and utopianists who dominate the cultural and intellectual left.
Unfortunately, much good has also been lost along the way, including that easy familiarity that comes from an early acquaintance with foreign ways.
It is easy to misunderstand the nature of that change.
Sklare attributed the holiday's popularity to its easy accommodation to Christmas rituals as well as to its ability to be redefined for modern times.
I mean, "books," and Rauch rests easy, knowing he has done his part.
There was a sweet and goofy nostalgia in many of today's responses, recalling boyish sexual stirrings in a nonexistent time without today's easy access to pornography.
It's easy to see what drew the director to Schnitzler's narrative.
That, I was told, would make it easy for me to prepare a meal for myself, and save me a lot of time.
--No fancy symbolism, no easy irony, no dime-store Freud, just straightforward gun underwear.
There, wasn't that easy?
; on the other hand, if you know that the date was 1657, one cannot say that the answer was “easy” or “difficult”: it is like asking a person his name.
Though this form of detestation does have a clinical element, it is easy to understand.
Or at least that if you seem to have been wrong, another easy answer will be available to explain why you weren't.
Because the trauma population is mostly young, male, and not always easy to work with, the gender of the interventionist could be important.
In our culture, attitude is easy and sincerity is hard.
Not for us the easy recourse to the our-leaders-are-all-corrupt-and-stupid gag--and let's assume they're not.
The pronunciation is remarkably easy and the Italians are usually delighted by anyone making the effort.
There are voices of dissent who think that Alan Greenspan is paying too much attention to Wall Street and that the continued rise in stock prices is entirely the product of the Fed's distribution of easy money.
It's important to note, though, that SoundScan's launch in the music world in 1991 was not an easy task.
The second part is easy.
Want an easy way to eliminate the U.S. trade deficit?
Advantages of the Clustal X approach is that visual confirmation of grouping is easy.
acecray outcray putting the ace on the bottom of the deck, where the dealer can abstract it bah-bah negligible object cake-slashing assault and mayhem century hundred dollars chippy dissolate girl chivvy unpleasant odor clip your tongue be silent cram the paper cheat at cards cut your chops mind your own business five hard a fist, or a punch frill girl, woman glued their traps remained silent going to the timbers retreating grand thousands dollars grease it pay bribe money, or blackmail hamburger down take it easy hock your skin make a difficult promise hootch liquor hotsprat trival but agreeable en- tertainment in the hole out of money lame your foot deprive you of assistance leathered kicked unfairly lippy-chaser a negro who prefers whites payman, a a cadet pinktail white person scrub face slide them into the eject them to the concrete sidewalk spreadeagle to knock down stick it capture something stick-stick defeated by the previous capture stretch jail term three-nine sexual variant thumb use the thumb to displace cards in a poker-game trip his muscle over-reach himself wraps, or skins, or strips dollars
It’s easy to understand why:
However, it is not an easy task and requires careful thought and planning to provide accurate and useful information.
The Friendship Stores, found in all significant tourist locations, make for easy shopping.
However, he believed research on screening instruments that is not linked with an intervention leads to the easy assumption that results will be generalizable to using that screening instrument in a full protocol.
Then it's easy for Texaco's black employees to escape discrimination by taking jobs elsewhere.
No easy answers here.
It is not easy for government to interdict the pleasures of those who can satisfy them through purely private transactions.
However, in a few areas, small changes will be proposed that are relatively easy to implement.
The source has to be so powerful, and the signal has to find some coupling path to the fuel sensors, and that's not easy because there are many obstacles in between."
Changing local service should be as easy as changing your long-distance carrier, and as risk-free.
If you preferred his early landscapes, it was easy to regard this new Soutine as--in the words of Clement Greenberg, who reviewed the MoMA show--"a victim of the museum."
There's no easy way to reunite the two groups.
The Binalshibh connection was recognized shortly after 9/11, though it was not an easy trail to find.
The Spanish nation gradually healed its wounds, though conditions in the country were difficult and life was far from easy.
It only takes three quick, easy steps to obtain a matching gift from your (or your spouse's) employer to enhance your donation to the Indiana University School of Law -Indianapolis.
It is easy to be cynical on this subject and, at times, even to try to be funny, as in referring to DAM `Mothers Against Dyslexia' (as does Dal Yoo, in an article elsewhere in this issue).
It may just have been heat or hunger that caused one boy chorister to faint as if on cue as soon as the last chord faded during a rehearsal that morning, but it was easy to believe he had been felled by the music.
It's easy to disparage auto politics as the parochialism of a post-ideological era.
But when something is easy to imagine, it's often because your imagination is limited.
It should be relatively easy for a programmer to translate any commercial TMA dataset into the TMA standard (and to reverse the process)
While I acknowledge that it is not easy to know how to sort out the many topics to be covered in a usage book, most reasonable writers have taken a stab at writing an entry under a heading that seems a likely place to look, then have provided a detailed index.
All of this is so easy from the technological point of view--how does it look from the commercial angle?
A number of excellent visits are within easy reach of Funchal.
Optimal properties of an STRP include: high heterozygosity, strong and specific PCR amplification, capability to be amplified simultaneously with other STRPs (multiplexed), sharp bands on gels, easy and accurate scoring of allele sizes, relatively low mutation rate, and appropriate position along the genetic map.
It is easy to be attracted to a new woman, whose faults you do not know, who does not know your faults, and who has never asked you to take out the garbage or mow the lawn.
This beach’s calm waters are ideal for children and easy swimming.
Content, especially Internet content, is eminently licensable, and as far as the music/video business goes, it's really easy to imagine a deal in which AOL would have given Time Warner access to its users in exchange for a cut of the business.
 . it is easy to perceive that Joaquín felt himself to be more the champion of his countrymen than an outlaw and an enemy to the human race” (100).
Motels are fairly easy to run and come with a house, and many were for sale at the time Indians began immigrating to the United States in large numbers.
To test this hypothesis, we constructed two reference pools, TP-1 and TP-2, using a naive gene-counting approach designed to include three cell lines with the greatest representation of unique genes that are also easy to grow and yield high quantities of RNA.
I found its New Age connections slightly off-putting, but it looks so easy to do that it wasn't daunting.
All are in easy reach of Naples’ museums, the archaeological remains of Pompeii and Herculaneum, the Vesuvius volcano, and farther down the coast, the Greek temples of Paestum.
It's easy to see what drew Lukas to the Steunenberg episode: a tale of murder that is still shrouded in mystery; along with a long-forgotten cause
What is easy and witty is bound to become popular.
The implementation of brief alcohol intervention systems in "real world" emergency medical practice has not been easy.
An easy way to do this would be to enforce strict limits on the percentage of voucher tenants allowed in any one building.
The format is simple, easy to verify manually, and readable as text by any alignment or structure viewer.
There were many German-speaking Americans in Pennsylvania and other states; Dutch settlers in New York and elsewhere could learn to use German easily; German would be easy for other colonials to learn, since it was basically similar to English; the Hessians, German troop levies “rented” by the British, were deserting to the Americans and many wished to remain in America.
The New York thing is easy: It wasn't to my taste, but New Yorkers tended to like it the way it was.
Washington, where members of Congress are all well-coiffed, well-spoken, well-dressed, and well-prepped, makes it easy to forget that politicians are made, not born.
Again, it's easy to leap to the wrong conclusions when you wander around Hong Kong and see how wired everyone is.
This complexity is not easy for a human to infer from the tree representation.
It's easy to understand why McCain has been anointed the media's favorite presidential hopeful.
( Categorical denial , with its serration of easy consonants and regularly spaced vowels, seems to be within pronunciation range of all non-English speakers.)
Creating a lush Madeiran backyard won’t be easy, but you can still take home souvenir flamingo flowers (anthuriums), orchids, and bird-of-paradise flowers (strelitzias, or estrelícias in Portuguese).
But editorialists said Nicholson had made the investigators' job comically easy (he even climbed into a car with diplomatic plates registered to the Russian Embassy) and, even so, hadn't been caught and busted soon enough.
It is easy to be cynical about this, but the truth is that legal limits on how money can be given do have considerable effect.
It's too easy to pull a switch.
Although there are no easy formulas, it does appear that the specific combinations of information technology and assembly methods drawn on by the supplier make a difference in responding to lean retail requirements.
This balancing is no easy task, but we must constantly strive to keep it right.
The difficulty of measuring these costs is further exacerbated by the fact that a given product may be attractive to different consumers at different prices, so determining the appropriate “full price” for a product is not an easy task.
It is rushed, lazy, or incompetent coding that takes the easy ways out.
I am afraid to tell him I want to divorce, because husbands are not easy to find.
The Washington Post , New York Times , and Los Angeles Times all lead with President Clinton's decision yesterday to support the IRS reform bill bound for easy House passage.
It is a contraction of gung-yeh ho-dzo , `industrial cooperation, 'and it caught on because it is easy to pronounce, as in 'Nam or the States . 'Nam by itself is no more derogatory or misleading than shortening airplane or telephone or gung-ho .
Itineraries can range from easy flat short walks to steep mountain hikes, though it’s not advisable to head into the high peaks without a guide.
The two meet in cyberspace; the rest is thumb twiddling until they "solve their problems, fall into each other's arms and get down to the old rumpy-pumpy" (Roger Ebert, the Chicago Sun-Times ). Fun, say the critics, as long as you can believe that "lurking in the next AOL chat room might be a Tom Hanks or a Meg Ryan and not some drooling 300-pound loser with bad skin" (Michael O'Sullivan, the Washington Post ). (Read Edelstein's review, in which he says Ephron's movies "go down easy, like Muzak," .)
Such a border would be easy to fortify and control.
They chide the series, produced by Melrose Place creator Darren Star, for being unfunny and sodden with easy moral outrage at the jet-set crowd.
Hollywood falls prey to paranoia because it's easy.
"The South that is triumphant now," concludes Applebome, is one that both Grizzard and neo-Confederates would celebrate, "a place of feel-good nostalgia, easy answers, and painless solutions, forever looking backward through a pale mist and seeing only the soft focus outlines of what it wants to see."
And it's not easy to be a First Amendment person, because then you have to allow into this marketplace that which you believe to be soiling and meretricious and tawdry and unwholesome and sometimes vile.
But if it's all so easy, how can a large part of the world be in the mess it's in?
And it's not that easy to read the final product.
It is easy to see intuitively that there are many more combinations of positions and momenta that correspond to nearly uniform positions of the particles and their motions scattered in all possible directions than there are combinations of positions and momenta that correspond to all the particles being located in a specific small region of the bottle.
But if it's easy to be cynical about Glenn's trip, it's nearly impossible to be cynical about the man himself.
The use of PM plates have several major benefits to the analysis of our strains: 1) color change is easy to monitor and quantitate; 2) color change is very sensitive and highly reproducible; and 3) cellular respiration can occur independent of cell growth and, in some cases, can measure phenotypes that do not lead to growth [ 7 ] . Other researchers have used the Biolog™ System to explore other phenotypic changes in various mutated strains of bacteria [ 8 ] .
Frustrated in their search for a decent living, unable to benefit from an education often obtained at the cost of great family sacrifice, and blocked from starting families of their own, some of these young men were easy targets for radicalization.
So it's easy to understand why tobacco farmers want to maintain the status quo.
The smoking is easy to explain.
The article was an easy and deserving target: It promoted the notion that an 8-year-old child could consent to sex.
And he added, "If you think it's so easy, why don't you do it yourself?"
A beautiful and easy hike goes out to Mirror Meadow, tucked in underneath the vertical northwest face of Half Dome.
Oh say, I don't want to be intrusive, but if your guests do get into another knife fight or whatever, it's really easy to get the blood splatters out of the white frilled curtains if you wash them in cold water right away.
This route sits against the old city walls, which were completed in 1785, and from here it is easy to see why the city was thought to be impregnable.
Brooks' best scenes operate on an X-ray level of honesty, so that shortcuts, formulas, easy ways out of dramatic jams--stuff that slicker filmmakers can get by with--seem in his work embarrassingly exposed.
Stop off at Shannon Falls, a short walk away from the road on an easy gravel path over footbridges into the forest.
So much for my hitting up Time Warner for an ergonomically correct easy chair.
But if doing your duty was easy, they wouldn't call it "duty," would they?
Thus, it may not be easy to discriminate between SIRS and sepsis, even with the use of PCT.
And you're right about how easy it is to get caught up in the sound and supply your own meanings.
Nor does she trust our competence to manage unfettered communication: "E-mail makes it too easy to forward messages, too easy to reply before your temper cools, too easy to broadcast messages to large numbers of people without thinking about how every sentence will strike every recipient."
One delightful exception, should you like your kids to see something made, and an easy drive from Hershey, is Mack Truck in Macungie, Pa.
Dolloff said that because the center will be just up the street from the court, it will be easy for Probate Court staff to refer people to it.
Overambition in an artist is easy to forgive; what's less sufferable is grandiosity--the compulsive urge to dazzle us with omniscience.
That won't be easy.
Now, easy it may be, although spending six and a half hours staring at a computer screen isn't my idea of fun.
Chatterbox translation: "See how easy that is?
And while DaimlerChrysler will be able to offer cars to the full spectrum of buyers, the current lack of overlap also means there aren't any easy cost savings to be found by eliminating duplication.
Even with this optimistic level of uncertainty, it is easy to see the need to avoid implying too much precision.
A majority of the clinicians reported that suction and capnography would be useful during transport and that the controls on the LSTAT were easy to operate.
The carved symbols are believed to have been associated with rituals involving sacrifice — easy to believe in this otherworldly setting.
An easel in the corner suggests that this is his own house, in which case, the woman sunk deep into an easy chair, reading a newspaper may be his Irish mistress.
As a result, investors who are able to get in on an IPO have a very good chance of reaping some easy gains.
Amongst the best-studied cells of the fly visual system are the large lobula plate tangential cells (LPTCs), which, due to their large diameter axons (about 8-10 microns) are relatively easy to record from intracellularly.
Fortunately, several easy to use and accurate CHD risk prediction tools are now available.
In this case, reproduction would be easy.
Whereas it is easy to explain this by referring to the cultural importance of food in African societies, the same reasoning can hardly be applied to the case of English, which has its own fair share of food images.
This is an easy and obvious solution to one of the biggest weaknesses of guidebooks, which is that they're out of date from the moment they're printed.
Wheat is pretty much wheat, no matter where it grows, and it's pretty easy to grow unless the Dust Bowl is raging.
Roberts guarantees a comedy that's easy on the eyes and dependable in the laugh department."
The capital of Orissa is a center for easy day-trips to the ancient Jain cave monasteries of Udaigiri, the chariot-temple of Konark, and the sacred pilgrimage town of Puri.
One day-old broad-breasted white turkey poults, obtained froma commercial breeder, were wing-banded for easy identification.At seven days of age, they were weighed and randomly divided intotwo groups using a random number generator.
For example, American Airlines derived substantial benefit from its SABRE system, which made it easy to determine which flights were available, and to make reservations [ 5 ] . Similarly, Federal Express with its tracking system has an enviably high level of reliability, which customers have perceived as extremely valuable [ 6 ] .
(For a quick Tibet refresher, check the Washington Post .) Despite a conciliatory exchange between Presidents Clinton and Jiang in Beijing last Saturday, no easy resolutions are in the offing.
While the leap from a sound bite to a witticism appears to be easy to manage, few politicians have been inclined to take the risk and be labeled as a wise-guy or a smart-ass .
The dimensions of the library's books are perfect, their typeface is elegant and eminently readable without being precious, and most refuting of Kerr's odd complaint, their pages are of a thickness that affords pliability and easy separation while maintaining economy in bulk and weight.
It's easy to associate bad outcomes with the current policy.
And as procedures to identify the bacteria responsible for symptomatic infections get better and more rapid, it soon may be quite easy to get this information from individual patients.
We're probably more in accord on Africana than not, but I think you were too easy on Gates.
It's all too easy to discount the lives of people in other cultures, because they are people we don't know, but it's wrongheaded to play to that bias.
But thanks to the Web, it's at least easy to discover which special interests are supporting which candidates.
Used for strategic purposes throughout the Mycenaean and Archaic periods the rock was easy to defend; it had a water supply and superb views of the surrounding area.
3 percent of GDP) over the long run would not be easy as the population ages.
Clinton's bad behavior throughout the Flytrap scandal--especially his smug refusal to confess to perjury during the impeachment proceedings--made him easy to despise.
Travelling between Delhi, Mumbai, and Calcutta, it’s easy to forget that southern India exists.
The heart of the resort area is within an easy 90-minute to 2-hour drive from the city for a weekend or longer stay.
The best beaches within easy reach of the city are the attractive Black Sea resorts of Kilyos and »ile.
Having found a bug, it's not easy to find what caused it.
The screenwriter, Curtis, began his career with the hilariously acrid BBC sitcom Black Adder before writing The Tall Guy (1989) and Four Weddings and a Funeral --a movie that irked me, possibly because Grant passed up the alluringly neurotic Kristin Scott Thomas for the vapidly bovine Andie MacDowell, possibly because its dizzy romantic badinage was interrupted for easy pathos involving a fatal heart attack and other real-world calamities.
After the controversy surrounding his visits to Britain and France, Chinese President Jiang Zemin had a very easy week in Saudi Arabia, where the leading Saudi paper Asharq al-Awsat even congratulated China on its resistance to political reform.
Mrs. Chatterbox is always saying that Chatterbox is preposterously easy prey for Hollywood's cheapest effects.
This sort of carelessness spoils Piñones (and many other beauty spots on the eastern coastline within easy reach of San Juan); an assemblage of broken bottles, leftover food, litter, and worse is something you can’t fail to notice.
It would be embarrassing if a lot of Slate readers failed this test, so I'm going to make it easy by adopting a very broad definition of rationality.
Despotic governments are so efficient that they are easy to administer.
Even the clergy are easy: Wayward Catholics are welcomed on the home page of the White Robed Monks of St. Benedict, who "recognize that Jesus never really said No to anyone."
A Wall Street Journal feature flagged in its front-page news box explains how the recent settlement between General Tire and the union workforce at the company's facility in Charlotte, N.C., is the wave of the future: the union set up a Web site to give the union's take and also made it easy for strikers to e-mail company management in Charlotte and at the company's corporate parent in Germany.
Lax security has been blamed for other hostage-taking incidents involving Japanese nationals, such as the four-month seizure of the Japanese Embassy in Lima, Peru, in 1996, and this may have led to a perception of Japanese as easy targets, Asahi Shimbun said.
Looking at that monolith, bestriding Park Avenue without charm or grace, it is easy to forget that Gropius was once considered one of the great architects of the twentieth century.
Apart from the Citadel and Battlefields Park, every sight worth seeing is within easy walking distance, though you may like to try a 45-minute ride in a horse-drawn calèche (from the Parc de l’Esplanade).
And they eventually seem to concur in their wistful conclusion that if Celebration is a bit of a corporate harlot, it yet has a heart of gold, or at least of honest brass, and does not deserve the easy contempt of its oh-so-sophisticated detractors.
The northwest tip of Balaton is around 100 km (60 miles) from Budapest, lying within an easy and comfortable day-trip of the capital.
This procedure is quick and easy for the ICU staff to perform and requires no sophisticated training.
If you give up selective disclosure, and create a truly free flow of information between companies and all of their investors, then the possibility of making easy profits (either by getting in before everyone hears the good news, or getting out before everyone hears the bad) disappears.
Dubai, a modern city with easy access to a major airport, travel agencies, hotels, and Western commercial establishments, was an ideal transit point.
Since legal services people often think of themselves as "progressives" who don't need further education on issues of inclusion, making diversity work within programs is not easy and requires the support and the guidance of committed leaders.
Abstract makes it quite easy to get a realistic picture of where your tax dollar goes.
I was to be introduced by a Peace Corps palWhose easy, open California waysHad brought a water system to the villageAnd an up-to-date word to its vocabulary.Every other guttural spillway of ArabicIncluded a carefully enunciated "awesome,"The speaker bright-eyed with his own banter.We sat on a pair of Kurt Cobain beach towelsAnd under a High-Quality Quartz Clock,The plastic butterflies attached to whose handsSeemed to keep time with those in my stomach.
There are a number of good hiking areas within easy reach of the coast, notably the Montes de Málaga National Park just north of Málaga and El Torcal and El Chorro a little farther inland (see page 28).
The most popular beaches of all are Calangute and Dona Paula, each of them within reach of the capital, Panaji, and easy excursions out to Velha Goa.
No doubt in the Disney version, Beowulf and the feisty, coed-army warrior-princess who inevitably will be written into the script as his partner will befriend a misunderstood Grendel and Grendel's mom (it's not easy being green).
That is about as easy to embrace as a wet eel, about as useful as a punctured balloon.
It is easy to argue that this discount for First-Class Mail in the United States might be in the neighborhood of ¾ cent.
Politicians can be such easy targets, but I thought that VERBATIM readers might appreciate this statement by former Attorney General Edwin Meese during an interview on WBEZ, our local affiliate of National Public Radio:
It's no easy task.
But you won't find it so easy to knock this country and its great corporations with the sort of left-wing philosophy best expressed on a bumper sticker when you don't even have a bumper!
(You know, it's really easy to reglue that sort of thing before the whole frame collapses and the rattan tears--but I suppose it does make handy kindling.
This will not be an easy transition, nor will it be quick.
If it makes cold economic sense to invest more in training computer workers and attracting more people to high-tech jobs, we can sleep easy knowing that the relentlessly rational propeller-heads who run computer-related businesses will do so, eliminating the need for taxpayers to do it for them.
The items are then stored in a way that makes them easy to pick for an order about to be shipped.
Of his various arguments for redistributing our responsibilities, most disconcerting is Chapman's easy pass of DOE's nuclear-weapons responsibilities to the Pentagon.
The requirement for tight regulation, easy titration and minimal background expression is particularly important in the study of genes such as tumor suppressors or cell cycle regulatory genes for which cell lines stably expressing the product can rarely be made.
It is seldom easy going.
Cycle routes parallel most roadways making longer journeys relatively easy, and sporting groups or families will head out to villages like Monnikendam or Marken.
Concealing an extramarital affair is easy as long as there are no witnesses.
The free and easy access to the university’s facilities will give you an insight into Berkeley’s open personality.
“It is awfully easy,” he says “to be hardboiled about everything in the daytime, but at night it is a different thing.”
The New York Times lead describes the easy end run that insurance providers have found around the legally mandated minimum coverage for mental illness.
I think it's an easy (and well-traveled) path to pin the blame for many social ills on the perceived lack of communal cohesiveness in American life, and in some sectors it may be correct.
The story about the boys plays into easy alarums about "political correctness."
Believe me, this job isn't as easy as he makes it look.
It's easy to imagine that ruling all of 15 th -century England brought greater satisfaction than does, say, the life of a modern certified public accountant.
Exposure to Happy Families at an early age perhaps leaves us ever afterwards sensitized to apt matches -- or mismatches -- of name and profession, which may be why they seem so easy to spot.
The world's best password is useless if the system administrator's password is easy to guess, or if someone can get her drunk or blackmail her.
Then, as the sordidness and opportunism of the candidate and his wife become apparent, the writing turns somber and dirgelike and full of easy moralizing.
The NYT does not explain why millions of dollars were needed to track two men later described as easy to find.
Every movement is easy.
The gel blot paper prevented growth of the roots into the media, allowing for easy and quantitative removal of seedling tissue for analysis.
The negative spin: Rich kids get off easy because they can afford good lawyers who know how to plea-bargain.
Clinton and the Republicans are right: Balancing the budget by 2002 will be (relatively) easy.
Like pop and minimalism, it was provocatively easy to make.
From there, it is easy to foresee Russia following suit.
First, net worth is easy to define: assets (such as cash, real estate, and securities) minus liabilities (or debts) equals net worth.
The challenge is to make taxes more efficient without making them too easy to raise.
You’ll soon notice how easy it is to get a cheerful early start on these islands.
One might want to keep one's guard up when dealing with an unctuously hypocritical old boy, but that comes somewhat naturally because unctuosity in people is pretty easy to spot.
Before the test, nine of nine would have said that picking out a Hefe was easy, because of its cloudy look and wheaty flavor.
New York's easy residency requirements--you only need to be a resident at the time of the election--and its political prominence make it a carpetbagger magnet.
Choosing it wasn't easy.
it's an easy mistake to make).
Would that it were possible to distill the vagaries of English compounding into a five-page table: the editors are forced to offer comments like equal titles of functions (equality is not always easy to decide), words go together naturally (naturally for whom?), etc., and even then to include a column of exceptions.
So the newly merged company had several problems: how to announce to the world that it was now not only an insurance underwriter, but also a broker; how to keep the A&A brand value, without appearing simply to be gobbling up Bain Hogg; and how to do this with a name that is easy to say in European and Asian languages.
This "easy aces" number takes up way too much space.
Foregone Conclusions are easy to spot once you know they may be lurking out there in the verbal jungle.
Discussing potential repercussions in the region of his military responsibility, Zinni said, "It was easy to take the shot from Washington and walk away from it.
This criterion is the easy one.
Life isn't easy for Ted, but he's determined to raise his children himself and be a good role model for them.
Luckily, there's an easy way for him to win back the affection of the news media.
Taxis are plentiful and inexpensive, as are public buses, making it easy to explore this paradise.
On many of the islands, renting a boat is as easy as renting a car is in other destinations — especially on the more populated Out Islands.
So it might appear that there are no easy answers, that nothing short of a total restructuring of the Japanese economy can turn it around.
Obviously you would want to get some information out of the alien--no easy trick, to judge from most alien-encounter narratives.
It is easy to reuse, and more important, each new usage reflects an attempt at creativity, however feeble.
At least for bulk mailers, and in a computerized world, such rate differences are easy to manage.
I agree that Scorsese is probably the most important director working in America today, but I find it less easy to pass over his 1993 film The Age of Innocence [as A.O.
) Subsequent jokes are grounded, predictably, in their sundry sexual humiliations; easy stuff, but concentrated and layered so that they add up to a vision of adolescence as a hormone-wracked purgatory.
But it is easy to take this idea of death imagery as important evidence and to expand it into an excuse that legitimizes the sort of voyeurism we have just seen in the Diana case.
Such a removal is not easy to do with strong ceramics, and there is a potential risk that incomplete cooling during cutting could cause pulp irritations.
It's not an easy task.
You must register in order to post a message (it's easy and free), but you can "lurk"--i.e.
Bush is the last of the silver-spooners, born to privilege before meritocracy ended easy access to elite universities and golden-ring jobs.
The economics are easy enough to understand, lacking major stars, these movies are inexpensive to make and draw the ideal audiences: teens who are capable of seeing Titanic 17 times.
He said, Take it easy.
Back toward Almancil is one of the Algarve’s top attractions, but if you’re not looking closely, it’s easy to miss.
This attribute was a significant advantage before the advent of efficient and easy PCR genotyping methods [ 15].
Although it is now performed in the modern rather than the classical Greek language, it is still not easy to understand, so try to find an English copy of the plot before the performance begins.
He concluded we should not trust easy assumptions, but instead treat them as empirical questions.
It's laughably easy to get a reputation as a thinker in Washington.
23 In the mid-nineteenth century, it was relatively easy to believe that we were in the grip of a great historical force, possibly emanating from a higher power.
From there it was easy to make the transition to taking goods by subterfuge or by force.
It is not so easy to recognize the home town of a fellow driver.
None of this nonmedical and simply silly analysis should blind the public to what happened in reasonably clear terms: An irresponsible boxer, motivated by fear of losing, took the easy way out, which entailed, he correctly anticipated, relatively few negative consequences.
And everyone finds it easy to produce individual investors who are not pulling out, and others who are even buying.
This nomenclature is logical, easy to remember and suited to the modern era of comparative genomics, where gene naming needs to be consistent and to correspond to proteins at the level of catalytic domain (subunit).
P.S.: I'm easy Cullen, anytime you want to have a face to face conversation, just give me a call.
Easy Generalizations and Meta-Guilt
Therefore it was easy to interpret signals obtained using AEC as genuine HPV-related correlates whereas with DAB, diffuse signals were easy to interpret, but the interpretation of punctate signals was generally open to question.
One of the al Qaeda representatives explained his mission: "it's easy to kill more people with uranium."
That is, the advent of the new currency will make it suddenly easy to compare salaries earned in different countries for the same work.
Now, why didn't I think of such an easy way out?
The Dardennes are peerless at staging and shooting rituals, such as Rosetta's day selling waffles and beer from a truck: taking an order, plucking a waffle from the iron, grabbing a beer from the shelf, counting money, making change, saying thank you, taking another order … It's easy to dismiss films that make grandiose statements about how people ought to live but never convincingly portray how they do.
It's easy to be optimistic if you believe in the tooth fairy.
(Leap years are easy to identify: they are any year divisible by 4 and centuries divisible by 400: thus, 2000 will be a leap year, but 1900 was not.)
It would be very easy for me to say, piously, that I would have sacrificed my job rather than make the recordings, but I am a single 24-year-old without children, and I can afford to take a more principled stance.
First and probably foremost, as we all know, providing high-quality legal services to low-income persons is not as easy as it looks.
Versailles is an easy (and full) day trip from Paris, only 21 km (15 miles) from the capital.
Then, instead of damaging his colleagues' credibility, the easy grader would damage only his own.
If you've ever spent an evening plunging your wrists into ice water, you are an easy mark for devices that promise to relieve carpal tunnel syndrome.
In retrospect, it's easy to see something sinister in the Higher Source site.
As we house shopped, we realized we were being punished for our sanctimonious attitudes and for enjoying our easy bus ride to work.
It is not easy under the best of circumstances--few diners actually want to be interrupted by politicians while chewing--but Forbes was still being followed by an enormous press contingent.
This perfumed hermeticism produced early verse that is easy to love and hard to like.
Shenzhen is easy to reach — the KCR commuter train runs throughout the day, the trip taking about 40 minutes.
Both temples are within easy reach of the town of Aurangabad.
Some 40 km (25 miles) north of Perugia, this no-nonsense stalwart hill town is not easy to get to, and once you’re there it remains hard to navigate — if you don’t like climbing steep cobbled streets.
Sometimes, though, you have to do better, and this is when easy answers become hard work.
This vision of Coppola as romantic genius makes it very easy to rationalize his failures as poor accountancy.
The film is sappy and grating: Even the easy to please Gene Siskel calls it "utterly unctuous" and asks, "Who would want Mork at their bedside?"
It was easy enough back in 1922, the year of F.W.
It's not easy to have the same confidence in Gore--one reason his gratuitous gay-litmus-test pander was so disturbing.
It's easy to believe that Isikoff would have done exactly what he did even if his only possible publication outlet was Newsweek (and his only remuneration his salary) since all of his reporting was supervised and supported by his Newsweek editors.
Of course they also say it's as easy to marry a rich man as a poor man, and that is definitely not true.
It’s easy to miss the circle of stones in a traffic island in front of the Old State House marking the site of the Boston Massacre.
It is far from an easy subject, but it can be an interesting one, particularly to those who enjoy seeing how such an extremely complicated phenomenon as language is (and can be) put together to work.
Most visitors will be staying within easy reach of Alicante, so our trips start out from here.
Once everybody got used to them in the next generation, it was very easy to replace them with YSL and CK and the double Gs in the following one.
Asian economies weren't like those feeble Latin American economies, with their high tariffs, easy credit, and corruption.
The material has so many Scorsese-like motifs that it's easy to see why the director fell on it and passed it on to his Taxi Driver (1976) screenwriter, Paul Schrader, who has said he finished the script in three weeks.
Now let’s all go easy on formality.
A beginning case is your hair, particularly for males, where short hair makes the fixed point easy to see.
When there are rebaixas, or sales happening, wading through the crowds here is no easy task.
Take it easy, and you’ll find the trip well worthwhile.
Copying and transmitting data is becoming too easy for the law to protect anyone's private ownership.
You already know your own status and it's easy to ask others, "Do you have siblings?"
Cycle routes parallel most roadways making longer journeys relatively easy, and sporting groups or families will head out to villages like Monnikendam or Marken.
Indeed, if we stand back and squint, it is easy to see the most awesome feature of an economy and its roots in autonomous agents: The most awesome feature of the econosphere, as of the biosphere  both built by communities of autonomous agents in their urgent plunging, lunging, sliding, gliding, hiding, trading, and providing  has been a blossoming diversity of molecular and organismic species and of novel ways of making a living that has persistently burgeoned into the adjacent possible.
Here we present an easy but sound recipe for quantifying statistical significance, based on careful statistical characterization of a large dataset of GeneChip ®experiments.
Software companies could make their file formats public, enabling easy exchange of documents.
Meta-analysis cannot be thought of as a quick and easy way to pull a lot of studies together and come up with a publication, but like any other study, requires an appreciable investment of time in planning and implementation.
McCain's enemies make this spin an easy sell.
Nor does she trust our competence to manage unfettered communication: "E-mail makes it too easy to forward messages, too easy to reply before your temper cools, too easy to broadcast messages to large numbers of people without thinking about how every sentence will strike every recipient."
But that doesn't make them easy either to condone or to condemn unequivocally.
It is true though that the Internet is well-suited to these nefarious tasks with its ability to reach out to more easy marks.
As long as these kooks were Pollard's principal support, it was easy for Presidents Bush and Clinton to ignore him.
Thus, for example, Zamenhof's Esperanto is easy for speakers of Indo-European languages to learn (especially if they know some Latin or a Romance language): Zamenhof was a Pole who knew other European languages.
A side road makes it easy to visit Gorkha, ancestral seat of the Shah dynasty and city from which the unification of Nepal was begun.
In green surroundings, the buildings of the saltworks are set in a semicircle around administrative offices, each with easy access to the other and all in simple classical style.
In Diana's case, that's easy, because her husband happened to be an equally self-involved prince who clearly married her because he thought she would be a docile breeder.
The stalactites grow at a rate of 1 cm (about a half inch) every 100 years, so it is easy to begin to estimate the age of the largest structures.
Things were certainly not easy, but Wanda was determined to give her kids the very best life she could, just like her own mother had for her, a mother Wanda describes as a wonderful role model. "
Well, you may say, it's easy for her to make homemade applesauce.
Then the old mouse said: 'It is easy to propose impossible remedies.
However, it’s also easy to get to Guangzhou by train or ferry.
It would be more accurate to say that the terms are explained, rather than defined; opinions are given, techniques are discussed (carefully distinguishing between dry fly-fishing and wet), and the style is easy.
Isn't that an easy target?
Mo rhyming with no certainly makes the slogan easy to remember.
The pleasantly varied News Quiz responses defy easy categorizing.
As for hamburger down , meaning to `take it easy,' could there be any relationship between that term and the hamburger cited by both Chapman and Went-worth/Flexner?
One, Narcissus Topolino , I had tried because it was said to be an easy forcer, and it was--eagerly blooming in a vulgar fashion with a trumpet too long for its small face.
Rewarding people for good outcomes and punishing them for bad ones is relatively easy when the quality of the outcomes is easy to measure.
It is not easy to distinguish between clichés and what linguists call collocations--that is, collections of words that, while not unanalyzable idioms per se (like red herring, tall order , or take off in the sense of `satirize'), nonetheless seem to fall together with great frequency.
And while the soundness of expert opinion from journalists such as Fairley or Jane Bryant Quinn or Andrew Tobias is easy to overestimate, surely some training or experience is necessary before you start telling people what to do with their money.
4-km) round-trip trail from Happy Isles to Vernal Falls is within the scope of any reasonably fit and healthy person, following a well-marked path through the pine trees, with easy gradients.
Success comes when you have a high renewal rate and new customers are easy to entice to replace dropouts.
Istanbul’s most popular tourist attractions are concentrated in the Sultanahmet district, near the tip of the Saray Burnu peninsula, and are all within easy walking distance of each other.
While some organizations made the dramatic change look effortless, for others, it did not come easy.
While it seems likely that fazio the noun as well as Fazio the name descend from an otherwise benign, even auspicious name, the history of other names is not so easy to untangle.
Two other sections now provide relatively easy access to tourists: the Great Wall at Mutianyu, as beautiful as the section at Badaling but a little less steep, and the Great Wall at Simatai, more distant from Beijing than other sections but virtually unrestored.
The grades are easy, moderate, difficult, very difficult or v. diff, severe, very severe or VS, hard very severe or HVS, extremely severe or ES, and exceptionally severe or XS.
If this is too easy, consider this bonus question: Who was the éminence rouge ? Hint: Ralph Reed, mutatis mutandis, would be a natural candidate for the title of "éminence blanche ."
Preventing developers from adding features is not as easy as it sounds.
Charges are billed by health care providers and, therefore, have the advantage of being specific to an individual procedure and relatively easy to obtain [ 35].
They showed that the estimated posterior pairwise distance allowed for easy identification of unrelated objects.
Through the easy and logical expedient of converting nouns to verbs, our linguistic forebears established a tradition that has continued through every age.
But there's a more fundamental reason to doubt that either gender can be victimized by price discrimination, and here it is: There are over half a dozen dry cleaners within easy walking distance of my house.
It is an easy comparison.
One theory is that when flour tortillas became available in northern Mexico, tacos de frijoles, or bean burritos, were easy to carry in the saddle-bags of the vaqueros (cowboys), so for this reason they came to be called burritos as though they were the sidekicks of the vaquero’s horse.
In contrast, when constructing a phylogenetic tree, this case is easy to observe (as illustrated in Figure 1).
It’s easy to get around the central beach and town areas by walking, though bicycle rentals are also a practical option.
An obsequious 1992 New York Times Magazine profile put it this way: "In the Governor's office, Weld has restored a tradition of aristocratic Yankee lordship, he has made governing look easy and WASP ascendancy seem an expression of natural law, if not of divine right."
And the experiences of Haiti, Somalia and today in Kosovo should inspire some caution about how easy it is to impose our values."
For bacterial 16S rDNAs (Figure 2) sequenced using Bact27F, the Bact517 conserved site is ideal because: 1) the Bact517 site is highly conserved and should be easy to find in most bacterial 16S rDNA sequences 2) the site is ~500 bp away from the sequencing primer, therefore sequence 5' of this site should be good quality, and 3) the Bact517 site is just 3' of the V3 region.
It’s an easy walk to Piazza San Marco and the Dominican Monastery of San Marco, an evocative setting for a museum largely devoted to the paintings of Florentine-born Fra Angelico (1387–1455), who lived here as a monk.
But I find his storytelling both morally easy and artistically promiscuous.
This is part of a much longer geographical list of foodstuffs which can be expanded to include some sublime candidates such as Turkish delight, French toast, Indian tonic water, chicken Maryland, and Tiger nuts, although the last might defy such easy categorization.
Ordering from Amazon is so easy that I often come away from a virtual visit with the exhilarating sense of not having the vaguest idea how many books I've just purchased.
The phenomenon has an easy explanation.
Five of the nine reported that it was easy to operate.
This is easy for people to understand, but it's not comprehensive.
The strategy has worked, and may have been necessary, and of course it's easy to carp from the outside.
Its main attractions are easy to visit without the aid of a rental car.
And the flip side of Salter's argument in this morning's essay-all pop culture is garbage-seems to me just so easy and specious.
And hindsight is easy.
And the flying car is not easy on petrol either.
Jijona also lies within easy reach of the provincial capital.
Dublin is a compact city, and many of its important sites are within easy walking distance of one another.
Madrid’s easy embrace of extremes — it is both the capital of a technology-dependent country that exploded since becoming part of the European Union just 15 years ago and at heart a small town that revels in its castizo traditions — is part of life here.
By then, Royko's tone had grown increasingly bitter and his irony was easy to miss.
If President Clinton is looking for an easy symbolic way to cement his reputation as a "small government" Democrat--and, if we know Clinton, he surely is--the answer is clear: Be one-up on the Republicans, and actually abolish a Cabinet department.
For readers arriving late to the debate over public journalism, we should define it and sketch its 10-year history--not that that will be easy.
At work between herself and us there wasA new principle of social awkwardnessAnd skillfulness required of each of us.Our tones of voice in this easy conversationWere instruments of marvelous finesse,Measuring and maintaining with exactitude"The fact or condition of the differenceThere was between us, both in space and time."
A piece on biological weapons cautions that 1) Iraq still has them; 2) they are easy to hide; and 3) they are phenomenally dangerous.
This was easy during the CT experiments when the flow was easily visible.
Finally, since the use of CEP cells would allow easy ex vivo gene transfer, combining growth factor-induced therapeutic angiogenesis with gene therapy delivered via CEP should also be a promising approach.
Given all that, the easy way to understand what happened to Levi Strauss is to assume that its generosity caught up with it.
Bermuda is a small group of islands and thus relatively easy to explore.
And this pristine wildlife reserve is within easy reach by air and road from Kathmandu.
That's easy to believe.
My travels in Asia demonstrate a much more sensible approach by the wily natives, and in India, China, and Japan most of my contacts have, without invitation, settled for the easy to deal with Mister John.
Because it is easy to stretch many fabrics by up to an inch in a yard, one can imagine the amount of distortion possible in the final garment.
One may of course ask what is wrong with almost nothing , and the question is not easy to answer.
Do you want to do a lot of driving or restrict your trip to destinations easy to reach by train?
It is easy to imagine that an Internet movement could spring up to oppose, for example, Vermont's gay-marriage ruling: A drive targeted at conservatives could collect thousands of electronic petitions in no time and solicit contributions for anti-gay marriage politicians.
"It's easy," said Adams, 25. "
Ruins at Qumran are clearly marked for easy touring.
Artaud's work in his many fields is consistent and interwoven, but it is not easy to define.
With the assistance of private funds, a foundation is now trying to complete the church — not an easy task, since Gaudí left few detailed plans behind.
We focus on the difference because it is easy to interpret [ 15 ] and because it simplifies our formulation.
Online merchants advertise the capitalist advantages of not being anchored: easy access, low overhead, and minimal transaction costs.
In the early days of the crisis, his position seemed absurd, and it was easy to make fun of him--which I did, right in Slate . But eventually it stopped being so easy to dismiss Mahathir's views.
with a large open street-level lobby containing easy chairs, with a variety of compartments for eating, drinking, dancing, exhibitions, and group meetings (as of salesmen or convention attendants), with shops having both inside and street-side entrances and offering for sale items (as clothes, gifts, candy, theater tickets, travel tickets) of particular interest to a traveler, or providing personal services (as hairdressing, shoe shining), and with telephone booths, writing tables, and washrooms freely available 
Not necessarily a correct answer--or honest or heartfelt or logically coherent--but easy.
If not, there’s usually one within easy reach.
While the mayor may find the "dung and the virgin" exhibit offensive, as I would, it's an easy target to score points with upstate conservatives in his not yet announced Senate campaign.
Here is Buford Furrow, a suspect very easy to grasp: a longtime affiliate of the Aryan Nations who is obsessed with guns and mass murder and who eventually tips over from theory into practice.
The story was too big to ignore but was easy to dismiss as fiction, because the Star had paid her $150,000.
Instead, let me make a substantive response: Even if you believe that the tax system should be used to iron out income differentials, it's still perfectly easy to devise a head tax that is consistent with your redistributionist philosophy.
Apparently they were counting on Clinton--whose coffers are stuffed with Hollywood cash--to go easy on them.
What happened testifies partly to the continued power of analysts on Wall Street but also to the fact that at these heights, it's very easy to become suddenly--and often justifiably--afraid.
Defenders of the system argued that it's cheap (saves the taxpayers money), gives Social Security recipients an easy way to access their own records, has never been abused, and is safer than the mail.
The web pages were developed using JavaServer Page (JSP) technology, because of its rapid development and easy maintainability qualities in development of dynamically-generated web pages and takes advantage of the java technology provided by the Apache Tomcat server http://jakarta.apache.org/tomcat.
When the unemployment rate is below 5 percent, as it has been since last July, a lot of industries find that hiring is not quite as easy as it used to be.
That's easy, since they find the friend with the secret tape recorder fascinating.
But this is food, which means that it's not easy for all "irrepressible enthusiasts" to sit still and listen.
We suggest just three within easy reach of the Via Cavour thoroughfare leading from the main railway station (Stazione Termini).
Residents of Havana might think of it as a poor backwater, but the easy, almost somnolent pace, breathtaking countryside, and welcoming residents of Pinar del Río make it one of Cuba’s certain highlights.
Atlanta's sprawl keeps people sitting in their cars for hours, encouraging them to eat fatty fast food and run down kids who, bloated and logy from their indoor lifestyle, bike-less and slow, staggering along on foot, slowed by 35-pound backpacks, make easy targets and a sickening sort of "squish" sound.
Both the Wall Street Journal and WP reveal that Justice says it was Compaq that was prevented by MS from offering its buyers easy keyboard access to Netscape software.
Zan . It's no Time or Spin or Maxim . That's my delightfully parochial view, an easy one to maintain because here in America we're No.
Aesthetic dentistry is the most profitable segment of the business because it is an easy sell.
You’ll find Hong Kong easy to get around, the people helpful, English spoken everywhere, and food that lives up to its reputation.
(The general view is that perjury in civil suits isn't easy to prosecute, especially if the suit has been dismissed, as Jones' was.)
Here, the line tweaks our now-collective memory of Dole's war service and suggests that he wouldn't propose the tax cut simply because it was easy or politic.
These caves offer a relatively easy and safe introduction to the underground world.
Easy answers to the rescue!
It is easy to laugh at Burne-Jones.
Once the independent counsels become independent contractors, it will be relatively easy for legislators to adjust their activity levels.
But second-guessing the list is too easy a sport.
Hamburger means a `prize-fighter who is badly beaten' or a `bum'—both persons who are “taking it easy.”
Now that financial data are compiled and stored digitally, it is cheap, easy, and tempting for the government to cast a wider and wider financial dragnet to build increasingly intrusive computer profiles of citizens.
The park is one of the most visited parts of the Minho, yet it is very easy to hike up into the mountains and find yourself alone with the mountain goats.
Photography, in other words, is an inherently compromised art form--populist, ephemeral, and easy.
This is an easy way to see the views, but you will arrive at the same time as hundreds of others.
Cultural transitions of major organizations are never easy to accomplish, and I would certainly not claim that it will be easy for GAO.
It is easy to find operators offering water-skis, windsurfing boards, parasailing, and noisy little wave-runners for rent by the hour on the beaches of most hotels.
In the following transmission, it is easy to predict the concluding letter: WITH LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR AL . (The transmission has almost certainly not ended there!)
It's not easy to tell from the European press where NATO is heading on Kosovo.
He asserted that the area was blessed with the highest concentration of exactly those natural features that, when combined, create the most pleasing and relaxing vistas possible — landscapes composed of “lakes representing the source of life in water, trees offering the promise of shelter, smooth areas providing easy walking and a curved shoreline or path in the distance to stimulate curiosity. ”
For an actor so gifted this was no easy feat.
B. abortus strain 544: 3, 4, 6, 5, 2, 2, 4, 2) for rapid, easy, computerized identification or classification of isolates, independent of the testing laboratory involved.
Pressure from overcrowding in the ED or bolus admissions (multiple potential admissions at the same time) may influence physician decisions for hospitalizing low risk CAP patients but this factor is not easy to determine retrospectively.
Easy Answers
However, the effect is relatively easy to calculate.
Should policy-makers ignore EMU rules and take it easy once EMU has started, cyclical unemployment may fall initially, but at some stage higher inflation and a depreciating euro would force a course correction, and unemployment would rise again.
Grand Bahama is relatively easy to explore by car, with only one major road running east to McLean’s Town and another north to West End.
Take, for example, the three quotations from Clarence Darrow given for April 18 in Witty Words (in which, it is easy to see from the subtitle, quotations are arranged for each day of the year):
I definitely favor the easy way out when it is available.
With the economy at full throttle, it would be easy to forget that not everybody has been able to make the trip.
But the film, the story of a 30-year-old Wisconsin would-be moviemaker named Mark Borchardt and his efforts to finish a no-budget horror short called Coven (which he mispronounces throughout, with a long "o"), turns into something much fuller--and much less easy to laugh off.
It's a cheap, easy, and effective solution that unfortunately doesn't fit in with this season's spasm of morality.
Those who worry about how the ruffian image will play should Armey become speaker can rest easy: As both angler and politician, one Armey admirer told me, "He's catch-and-release."
They had each been instructed to bring a suggestion--perhaps a Spanish-sounding name, but one that was short and easy to say.
While it is relatively easy to find suYcient sense data statements, it appears to be impossible to finitely specify a set of necessary and suYcient sense data statements whose truth would be interchangeable with true statements about the Windsor chair in my oYce.
Orientation is rarely a problem, as the majority of sights are crammed into the central areas and getting around the city is very easy.
Fortunately, it is less easy to conjure up the smells of that time.
The problem with venality in business is that getting outraged about it makes it easy to miss the systemic problems that venality often disguises.
This is relatively easy if the program is small and homogeneous.
It's a little too easy to disdain television, although please do, especially that Animal Medical Center , where, just the other night, I saw some kind of vomiting Chihuahua, which, let me tell you, after a long day working for some big jerk at the ...
Skeptics argued that Mitsubishi got off easy.
This is a character to whom it would be easy to condescend, but Wahlberg captures his nobility without skimping on his stupidity.
He didn't have the special issue canceled, even though at that point most of the magazine hadn't yet been printed; he didn't even consider running a disclosure statement about the deal, which would have been laughably easy to do.
Although he defends these classifications by detailed discussion and definition, it is not easy to apply them, for the distinctions tend to be blurred.
In his autobiography, written thirty years later, he proudly demonstrates his knowledge, casually throwing English words into the middle of his French text with an easy confidence and some bizarre spelling.
When you make your contribution to the law school in 1992, please take a moment to follow the three easy steps listed above.
Apparently living was easy in the 15th century, as historian Trithemius noted: “Life here consists of nothing but eating and drinking.”
The programs are not intended for high-level statistical or other complex analyses, but they do make it easy to export filtered data to GeneSpring™ or other visualization and clustering programs.
It's easy enough to go along with, too, especially with Anjelica Huston's voice purring in your ear (audiotapes have replaced wall panels for this show) about how Léger was peerless in portraying the feel of the modern city.
While there are "very high public expectations of rapid breakthroughs," it is clear that "all will not be easy and wonderful.
For users, this banner provides an easy, convenient way to subscribe to e-mail announcements from a candidate or campaign of choice.
A 1996 opinion in which he felt forced to apply an antitrust doctrine he disliked includes the snide observation: "[i]f this is what the [Supreme] Court believes--and it does appear to be the Court's current position, though not one that is easy to defend in terms of economic theory or antitrust policy ..."
He celebrates a universe that has found its equilibrium and the easy way in which it rights itself when a nasty bit of flotsam threatens to throw it out of whack.
They finally settled in a suburb of Los Angeles, Hollywood, where there was guaranteed sunshine all the year round plus — within easy reach of the new studios — deserts and mountains as well as beaches, rivers, forests, and islands which could double for the Wild West, the Holy Land, the Mediterranean — wherever.
I'm not sure there is an easy way to convey to anybody under 30, for example, the sheer emotive force that the word "[expletive]" possessed in the urban childhood culture of 40 years ago.
That it wasn't easy is suggested by the jealousies that bordered their arrangements: Woe betide anyone (with the possible exception of Louis Howe) who tried to befriend Eleanor and Franklin equally.
The advocate component of the website allows individual lawyers easy access to pro bono and legal services organizations and the support and training needed to represent clients effectively.
3) Democratic donor Nathan Landow, accused of trying to silence Willey's testimony against Clinton, may in fact have been the target of Willey's romantic advances--"an easy mark for a calculating gold digger."
Signing up is easy: Just go to the "Slate Help" page (or click here, you lazy bum) and type in your e-mail address.
Cultural transitions of major organizations are never easy to accomplish, and I would certainly not claim that it will be easy for GAO.
Not so easy in our hyperconscious and fractional modern world.
It is, of course, easy to think of figures who are both overrated and overhyped.
In the wake of last week's shootings at two day trading firms in Atlanta, a spokesman for one of the companies said that these firms did a good job of warning prospective clients of the risks day trading entails and added that if clients followed the rules the company laid out, day trading was both easy and profitable.
Maybe when you're counting the unemployed, it's easy to overlook a transient and hard to overlook a homeowner.
We have divided the city into four sections which are easy to follow on foot.
Ist easy schnappen der springenwerk, blowenfusen and poppencorken mit spitzensparken.
Hitler was an easy target; he liked to show himself in public and did not always travel in conditions of airtight security.
An easy answer, for a politician, is one that assures you will never be proved wrong.
General American pronunciations are easy to find because they are separated from RP by double vertical bars.
By choosing a skinnier than average woman and defining each "drink" as 6 ounces of high-alcohol wine, they make it sound easy to hit 0.08.
It's easy to imagine variations in viruses or bacteria, because they contain nucleic acids, which encode for variations.
No one could claim that it is an easy task to create collocations dictionaries: the chief problem is where to draw the proverbial line on a spectrum ranging from complete predictability, usually on a left-to-right basis, to total volatility of association by mere juxtaposition, for example, corned beef v. cheap beef .
Nor is it easy to determine its origins, although historically an argot known as pelting speech was employed by bands of ne'er-do-wells in Elizabethan England.
This test is conceptually simple and easy to implement.
It is easy, nothing.
As you plunge into this fascinating city, you’ll find that planning your day is not easy.
The NYT plays up an interesting safety angle: Not only is smuggling laughably easy, it's potentially very dangerous.
It's easy for parents to feel self-righteous when doctors ask questions as if they're cops, but as advanced as medicine has become, questions are still our main diagnostic test for abuse.
When so charged, the Clinton people retort that the independent board will have ample opportunity to amend the tests if they are too easy or ideologically skewed.
It's easy.
(Also, isn't pinning today's celebrity culture on rock letting the tabloids, glossies, talk shows, Hollywood, etc., etc., off a bit easy?
For example, obtaining agreement among often competing stakeholders is never easy, particularly in an environment where available resources are declining.
\?\ yì easy
An autostrada and easy train service link Venice to Padua, Vicenza, and Verona for those in a hurry, but others should take the charming back roads; this is one of Italy’s principal wine growing regions outside of Tuscany’s Chianti area.
All you need to get around are your own two feet, although renting a bicycle at the railway station will give you easy access to the surrounding countryside.
If members of the co-op reported it was easy to find baby sitters and hard to find opportunities to baby-sit, the terms under which members could borrow coupons could be made more favorable, encouraging more people to go out.
I love the zine, and don't get me wrong about this, but go easy on "The Breakfast Table," OK?
Everybody also knows that while it is easy to tell good stories along these lines, it's a lot harder when you get down to real cases: It's amazingly hard to identify a critical mass or a tipping point for an actual industry, even after the fact.
It seems to me you are making the same argument on behalf of unbridled market capitalism, and with the same self-exception: it's always easy to be stoical on other people's behalf!
Permits are easy to obtain, however, and reserved accommodation can be booked either in the lodges or in the official campgrounds
This makes it easy for the out-of-town visitor to line up tickets for that special evening or for the hard-driving executive to impress his clients.
But it's just as easy to imagine that more seizures equals better law enforcement vs. the same level of production.
The Internet has become such a central part of both the U.S. economy and the American cultural landscape that it's easy to imagine that a real convergence between the offline and online worlds has happened, particularly when it comes to the media world.
The NYT story on the State Department's rebuke of China in its 22nd annual human rights report, observes that the criticism came on the eve of Secretary Albright's trip to China, at a time when Clinton is being attacked for being to easy on Beijing.
If you subscribe to a regular, old-fashioned online magazine, it's easy to split the cost of a subscription with a few friends and furtively make copies.
For example, respondents indicated that the LSTAT was easy to operate, access to the patient was not obstructed, and the LSTAT was easy to maneuver.
may not be such an easy target."
For easy access to definitions of key terms, we include a glossary at the end of this report.
Finally, we can try to remove temptation, by avoiding policy initiatives that make it easy for politicians to play favorites.
A switch to full color accompanies the first words, spoken in a childlike voice-over: "It might not be easy to talk to kids today ...
But the only reason taxpayers get off easy is that consumers don't.
This sounds easy enough to avoid until you consider how many times you cross your legs when sitting at meetings, on a bus, or in a restaurant.
Nothing is easy.
Peace with Syria is a (relatively) easy matter for Israel.
Historically, physicians have used digital rectal examinations in early detection efforts [ 22 23 ] . In general, digital rectal examination has a 1-2% detection rate and the PSA test, which is relatively easy to perform, has a 3% detection rate in men who are older than 50 years of age [ 24 ] .
Solving this equation (and thus figuring out uncertainty intervals) is easy.
They showed that these posterior pairwise probabilities led to easy identification of unrelated objects, and hence are superior to other pairwise similarity measures such as Euclidean distance.
The authors have provided a brief introduction which is easy to follow, a list of suggested readings, and the names and addresses of the several institutions and societies in Britain where readers may indulge a more intensive interest in dialect study.
It would be a shame to lose the etymology buried in the original spelling, though it would be a boon for easy pronunciation.
(Lish is an easy target, since he's enormously controversial for a number of reasons: his mannered writing style, for one, and his interventionist editorial style, for another, which made other authors' careers and also earned their enmity.)
The government hopes to construct the database in a way that will satisfy privacy advocates, but this seems impossible, since they 1) oppose precisely the easy access meant to justify the database and 2) think insurers will use the information to discriminate against costly patients.
"Having foolishly tied his hands behind his back by eschewing ground action, Mr. Clinton may be looking for an easy way out," it warned.
That said, it's over to Larry to explain why the same version of sensible libertarianism (private property, freedom of contract, some state supplied infrastructure, and easy taxation) should not guide our activities in cyberspace as it does on earth.
"People like it because they say it's fast and easy and especially because they don't have to pay for an attorney.
The distinct developmental phases of the imaginal discs, their easy accessibility, along with the numerous advantages of Drosophila as a model genetic and developmental organism make imaginal disc development an ideal system to explore the feasibility and usefulness of such an analysis at a genomic scale.
Now it’s an easy airplane ride from Xi’an.
Still, both cases show that in the buzzing, blooming confusion that is the economy it is all too easy for those who would make economic predictions to be right for the wrong reasons, and conversely.
Since there is no dispute that Espy received some $35,000 worth of goods and bennies from parties with interests before Agriculture and since some of those parties pleaded guilty to making illegal gifts, it's easy for the reader to wonder how the clean-sweep verdict was possible.
The remedy: Raise taxes on consumption and property, which are easy to track, while cutting corporate and income taxes.
School systems are increasingly interested in reducing negative school behaviors, however, they have had difficulty identifying programs that are effective and easy to implement on a broad scale [ 14 ] . Given the urgent need and the readiness of school boards to address these needs, the testing and implementation of promising intervention programs is of great urgency.
5) He's had it too easy and is due for a fall.
Insight for the future is thus not easy to apply in practice.
It seems hard to ascribe purpose, in the sense of acting on its own behalf, to a stone or a chair and easy with respect to an alga.
Nevertheless, good books on archaeology assimilable by laymen are not easy to find, and if the reader can tolerate its shortcomings and is not overly concerned about the precise birthplace of Indo-European, Archaelogy & Language provides an interesting march through the millennia of prehistory in seven-league boots.
While I acknowledge that it is not easy to know how to sort out the many topics to be covered in a usage book, most reasonable writers have taken a stab at writing an entry under a heading that seems a likely place to look, then have provided a detailed index.
The authors have provided a brief introduction which is easy to follow, a list of suggested readings, and the names and addresses of the several institutions and societies in Britain where readers may indulge a more intensive interest in dialect study.
The trouble with this method is that the absent/present threshold is essentially arbitrary, and there is no easy way to estimate the numbers of false positives and false negatives obtained.
It is not easy.
He avoided easy quarry: possum
"Even the world's sole superpower, with its unique responsibilities, is increasingly seeing violence and the use of overwhelming force as an easy option for achieving its ends as the most violent century in human history draws to a close."
If the poorer households, motivated by the similar urge for a peaceful nights sleep as their richer counterparts, insist on paying out of pocket for the relatively more expensive protective methods, then it is easy to see that just the act of attempting to prevent mosquitoes from biting may be helping to keep these households from improving their well-being as well as their health status.
On the other hand, long-term respiratory flow measurements are not easy to perform, particularly without affecting respiration itself or even destroying the weak coupling between heartbeat and respiration.
But it is easy to guess.
The seedy romance between a slacker and an agressive young woman covered with psoriasis--it's like her id is eating her up from the inside--doesn't give anyone an easy out.
Results should be immediately available and easy to interpret.
But the job of forging these relationships, never easy, is made all the harder by the values fostered by the public schooling system.
Many visitors who seek beach time in Mallorca — a pretty reasonable desire, after all — beeline for the northeast coast and its two great sandy bays, which have picturesque mountainous backdrops and are within easy striking distance of the historic towns Pollença and Alcúdia, as well as the protected wetlands s’Albufera.
Quality, the Urban Institute's Sandra Clark points out, is not an easy thing to measure.
It's easy to criticize them, but really we ought to be looking inward.
Obviously, this won't be easy, given the diversity of grievances and the geopolitical complexity surrounding them.
The Senate had made the companies' decision easy by stripping the bill of the liability cap that would have mitigated the suits.
6. The standard should be easy to implement.
Of course, capturing the essence of complicated behaviour using simple models is an important step in theory development, and it is easy to challenge such models by pointing out elements or complications that are missing.
Luce's fame was a floaty, ineffable thing, not easy to get at with "yes" or "no" inquiries.
First-time visitors will understandably want to spend most or all of their time in Rome, but the area surrounding the capital makes a pleasant excursion within fairly easy reach of Rome for those adventurers with wheels and extra time.
He also showed how easy it is in Washington to cultivate the appearance of thoughtfulness without doing a minute's worth of actual thinking.
The program is simple to load and, once in place, easy to use; it is also extremely fast.
"There are no easy answers" is itself an easy answer--if you can get away with it.
While objecting to cross-examination of alleged rape victims because "it is easy to distort events so that a rape can appear to be consensual sex," she ignores the reverse implication--that it is easy to make consensual sex look like rape.
The easy victory of this former wartime partisan and European enthusiast was welcomed by La Repubblica of Rome in a front-page comment as "a fine moment for Italian politics and for the whole country."
The State Department supported the armed Predator, although Secretary Powell was not convinced that Bin Ladin was as easy to target as had been suggested.
Essentially, Puerto Vallarta is a place where it’s easy to feel both relaxed and welcome.
It isn't as easy to summarize federal regulation as it is to summarize federal spending, but the basic point is similar: Most of what the government does is actually serving, not opposing, the public's will.
It’s easy to get to the Costa Daurada beaches from Barcelona.
There's an easy e-mail sign-up form at the top of Today's Papers.
A good map is essential, but it’s easy to be fooled by how near things look on paper.
However, she believed that it is also important to use resources to reach as many people as possible and that systems currently exist that, once refined, can be fairly easy to implement.
In a dictionary of this size, the complier is faced with the task of including or excluding a certain quotation--not a very easy decision when one is dealing with a stock of scores of thousands of Russian proverbs.
Payroll tax increases are easy to implement and directly improve the trust fund's finances.
No easy journey, this.
The Web is a researcher's dream, enabling quick and fairly easy access to a wealth of information.
But it is the web of easy evasions that is the essence of Morrisism, both in his politico past and in his Augustinian present.
The usage of these words is easy to spot: they all have an extra syllable or two that adds little but excess bulk (for usage , delete and substitute use ). Reporters at The New York Times , for example, often write of “subsidization programs,” when subsidy will do just as well.
The roguish image of the city’s present might make it easy to forget the city’s glorious past.
The examples of great evil done by governments are easy enough to rattle off.
What is an easy answer?
I was happy to see you refer to a restaurant where "people smoke freely at their tables" as "unsullied," just as I was discouraged but not surprised to learn that cowboys in Marfa, Texas, are dreaming about easy IPO riches.
However, the implications of the design features discussed here are that, contrary to what many people think, the case study is not necessarily inexpensive, easy to conduct, or quick.
In today's hypercompetitive world, it's easy to believe that Andy Grove is right, and that only the paranoid survive.
The more sober-minded supply-siders figured that even if the tax cuts didn't pay for themselves, the increased savings they generated would make the resulting deficits easy to finance.
If the codes really are an innocent bookkeeping exercise, there's any easy way for the Bush campaign to dispel suspicion.
The neighborhood isn’t really dangerous, but it’s all too easy for the unwary visitor to wander into a rip-off; if you plan to explore Kabuki-cho, do so with a knowledgeable local guide.
In this, it would be a little too easy to blame the rapid-fire format for my misstating of your approach to the "instrumentalization" (my word, not yours) of the Holocaust.
In the early days of the crisis, his position seemed absurd, and it was easy to make fun of him--which I did, right in Slate . But eventually it stopped being so easy to dismiss Mahathir's views.
As someone who has written Feydeauesque farce, I can tell you that it's no easy feat.
(No need to go into the national scandal of schools going academically easy on their athletes and graduating dumb people.)
If you know your blood type, it is easy.
Meanwhile, the U.S. administration decided to go easy on Syria, with President Bill Clinton postponing a planned telephone conversation with Syrian President Hafez Assad.
Here it is easy to see why this city is also known as Lalitpur (Beautiful City).
If you don’t have your own equipment it is easy to buy at the resort.
Addressing this issue, Dawkins sometimes resembles a flack for Lotto assuring us that winning the big one is easy.
I also didn't attach my Linux machine to the company network--because I couldn't find easy instructions in my books, and further consultations with the Helpdesk would have been cheating.
It’s an easy day trip from Acapulco to this famed silver-mining town, and worthwhile for anyone interested in experiencing more of this country’s historical past.
Eleanor's friends--even the lesbian ones--occasionally made the mistake of falling for Franklin's easy charms.
The answer is not an easy one, so before trying to put forward some ideas, let us start by looking at how similar nouns and adjectives are classed.
Because information about the investigation comes in dribs and drabs, it is all too easy to lose track of where things stand.
Within easy striking distance of Trinidad are enough attractions to make a longer stay especially rewarding, including the fine beach of Playa Ancón, the lush Valley of the Sugar Mills, and waterfalls and treks in the Escambray mountains.
(Hint: She loves those new gel caps, so easy to swallow!)
This one-of-a-kind creation has helped spawn countless how-to manuals, but it's still easy to choose the indispensable one.
He suggested in his Nov. 10 interview with David Brinkley that going the rest of the way will be easy.
During the war, hawks who prized human rights and vigilance accused Clinton of going easy on the Serbs.
In a former life I used to interrogate politicians on television, and in six years there was never a subject on which they were unable to come up with an easy answer.
I would like to think that a college dictionary is best which is easy to use because it answers basic questions about commonly used vocabulary: spelling, pronounciation, meaning, part of speech, synonym, and antonym.
" It's easy to bash a magazine whose owner does the same thing at dinner parties, when he isn't shopping the editor's job all over town.
It will be on our site for two weeks, beginning Friday, Nov. 7. All the questions are easy: "What is the capital of North Dakota?"
All too often, however, such statements are zingers, as if whipped out from the comfort of his easy chair or dashed off for the op-ed page of a conservative newspaper.
Have these events put our law school on easy street?
But the charge is easy to understand, whereas the rebuttals are subtle, complicated, and technical.
She was easy to hold."
The sites are both easy to navigate and comprehensive.
It's easy to overstate the new athletics as a force for social change, but don't count on surfers opposing the president's ludicrous, Reagan-revival anti-missile plan.
Needless to say, people are anxious to buy shares when they know they can sell them seconds later for an easy profit.
Hillary Rodham Clinton told a Senate panel in 1993 that savings in Medicare were easy because "we have too many examples now of how it can be done better at lower costs with the same or better quality, and that's what we're counting on."
Although it might be seen as commendable to make the interpretation of pronunciation symbols as easy as possible for the laziest users, I have little sympathy for the policy: in most cases, those who are too lazy to learn even the rudimentary respelling systems used in popular dictionaries (like the various college and desk dictionaries) are also too lazy to look up the pronunciation of a name or word, as is evidenced daily in the utterances of newscasters and announcers.
But it's also hard to see an easy way of avoiding that.
Nevertheless, good books on archaeology assimilable by laymen are not easy to find, and if the reader can tolerate its shortcomings and is not overly concerned about the precise birthplace of Indo-European, Archaelogy & Language provides an interesting march through the millennia of prehistory in seven-league boots.
In addition, the matrix method displays matching regions in the context of the sequence as a whole, making it easy to determine if the regions are repeated or inverted.
An easy half-day outing is to Queluz, 14 km (8 miles) west of Lisbon on the way to Sintra (see below), home to the pretty pink palace commissioned by Pedro III.
It would be easy to dismiss these explanations as being nonsense, but you’ll understand India better if you can appreciate that what each guide is saying may in its own way be true.
When an answer moves beyond difficult to completely impossible, it becomes easy once again.
The City center can seem at first like a maze of tiny streets and canals with no overall plan; however, in some ways it works very much like the plan of a spider’s web and once you understand the structure of the town plan, it is relatively easy to get around.
It's easy enough to mock Moyers, America's secular televangelist.
It is not at all easy for one who, like myself, not only does a good deal of work on his own account, but a good deal to help others, to remember where all the multitudinous notes on words occur.
The center of Lisbon is small, compact, and easy to get around in just a couple of days.
At first sight they look easy, although further observation shows how precise and disciplined the movements are.
