You should be sleeping,” you tell her, pushing strands of blonde hair away from her face.
she asks, half a smile gracing her face.
The android’s face was lost as I was suddenly plunged into darkness.
Her blonde curls tickle at your face and you smile into her neck.
Her face scrunched at the very thought.
I examined his face in silence.
There were deep bags beneath his eyes, and, as he turned to me, I could see how deeply worn he was from the lines on his face.
Sometimes it’s difficult to believe, as I look into Drew’s light face, that he was ever that dark, depressed boy who wore nothing but black and listened to the same song over and over again.
She was sure her hair and face were a mess.
Admiring her face once more, Eros opened his wingspan and flew off to Zeus’s palace.
Wrinkles formed in Zeus’s hearty face as he agreed to Eros’s proposal.
He tried framing her face in a little square with his hands.
Come on, over here,” the woman screamed, sliding down the face of the cliff.
They had already petitioned Noon about the decision, and even though Noon had said that there was absolutely nothing they could do about it, that still didn’t stop her mother from slamming the door in our faces as soon as she saw our Raven wings.
His face brightens at my statement.
I swatted an angry fly away from my face, and wiped my forehead with the bottom of my dirty shirt.
Seriously, I needed to ask you something important,” Kyle said, regret painted across his face.
I was scared of your answer,” Kyle said, his face still firmly facing the floor.
Edwin is waiting at the bottom with a huge smile on his face.
I laugh and his face seems to light up.
Slowly his face lifted.
I’m just not sure that I could,” he said, his face about to go back to the floor.
Sunglasses that fall off your face when you run, but look freaking awesome when you’re standing still.
And the way the smile lit up your whole face.
She loved the affect her temper paired with her ugly face made on people.
In it’s center was a knocker in the shape of Mrs. Madam’s ugly face.
I really didn’t want to return home and face Adelle.
The wind blew smoothly over my face as I dropped my bike to the ground and lifted my face to the pure white clouds above me.
The wind blew smoothly over my face as I dropped my bike to the ground and lifted my face to the pure white clouds above me.
Sit up, face me.
Despite his destroyed face, he leaned down and kissed me gently.
The wind insisted on punching me in the face, so I punched it back, screaming: “Hoooo yeeeaaaaaahh!
She sat, her face buried in her knees, tucked up close to her chest, when she heard footsteps, running footsteps actually.
she thought to herself, wiping the tears from her face, momentarily distracting from her mourning.
A nervous smile kidnapped his face as he turned to his laptop and positioned the cursor over the “Run” button and said.
The little boy looked at me curiously, as if he were trying to read my face.
It was moaning, and occasionally it uttered a lamenting phrase in some incomprehensible language, and tears ran down its face.
I don’t know how there isn’t an army of gus following you around, doing what ever your lovely heart desires,” Kyle continued, Janice’s face was about as red as can be imagined, yet getting redder.
Tom always was a jealous prick,” he splutters, his face displaying cold rage.
on-site=018) generation that is 50 MWs= or=20 greater must receive certification from the California Energy Commission an= d=20 therefore face all of the impediments to development that large-scale=20 generation faces.
on-site=018) generation that is 50 MWs= or=20 greater must receive certification from the California Energy Commission an= d=20 therefore face all of the impediments to development that large-scale=20 generation faces.
In addition, distributed generation that is less than 50 MWs continues to= =20 face local opposition.
I think they recognize the danger that we all face and I think they have been cooperating more fully with us as time goes by, and I'm quite sure that Mrs. Megawati is committed to this cause," Powell said in Singapore.
They were called double eagles because their face value was twice that of the original $10 gold piece.
The buyer will receive a certificate of transfer stating just that, but only after paying the auction price and a fee of $20 for the face value of the coin.
Other subsistence farmers found themselves competing with cash-crop entrepreneurs (Jews and Arabs) whose successes changed the face of Palestinian agriculture.
Bringing my face close to the shoes, I breathed deeply of air that my parents had trapped while closing up that symbol of their love for me.
To say her face fell would do a disservice to Tasha and to literature.
Her lower lip (a trifle too narrow for her face, perhaps her only physical flaw) thrust forward slightly as she started to speak.
I will not answer the phone for a week, no matter whose face appears on it.
The child's face was a warground for wonder and mistrust.
"I think his face is his form of vanity.
Sixty years ago in a similar situation, I had broken my knuckles on someone's face.
O'Donnell is to be a face for the underdog teabaggers.
To just shrug your shoulders and throw a hail mary pass with a smile on your face would be suicidal.
ase after case, regulators continued to rate the institutions they oversaw as safe and sound even in the face of mounting troubles, often downgrading them just before their collapse. And where regu
Listening and stuffing my face with all the bits of fine food provided.
Now and then, a new face mingled in the crowd.
But we see new faces.
I watched Adrienne's eyes move from one face to the next.
Adrienne steepled her fingers and studied my face.
Then a smile broke across his face and he asked, "What do you call that flower with the long stem and thorns?
Oh, soft kisses, tender caresses, send me into seizures while I discover her face.
Jake walked away with a smile on his face knowing that Alice couldn't bag an elephant, much less a deer.
The guys were still standing there with astonished looks upon their faces from the actions of the goat when a man walked up to them.
The pharmacist promptly reaches out and slaps the man's face.
Handey Hint The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of the face.
Handey Hint The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of the face.
The clergyman glared, and bit his lip while his face turned crimson, but said nothing.
Clip a lift ticket to the zipper of your jacket and ride a motorcycle fast enough to make the ticket lacerate your face.
Fill a blender with ice, hit the pulse button and let the spray blast your face.
A person who smiles in the face of adversity...
Nelson says to him, "Look, you've obviously got the wrong man", and shuts the door in his face.
Then he slams the door in his face again.
Smiling sweetly, the Sunday School teacher said, "Bobby, when I as a child I was told that if I made ugly faces, it would freeze and I would stay like that.
He sees his uncle in bed with a respirator mask over his face.
CLARK moves to put the mask back on ROLAND's face.
We can't see his face, but he makes his way over to two other individuals standing apart from the main group who we only see from the back.
, I could agree with you, in terms of policy, that this flies directly in the face of what the Framers had in mind, absolutely. But

She grinned and gave me a kiss across the table, her lips soft and firm and sticking just enough that she gave the feeling you were really kissing, not just pressing your face into someone else’s.
The blue haze seemed to stop just shy of his pallor, setting off his striking face without illuminating its details, and his wrists flashed white in the darkness.
“Just at this corner,” he said, interrupting my immanent panic attack, “we’re going to stop and turn three times widdersh – er, counterclockwise, then face east.
Its face was small and wrinkled, with penny-sized smoked glasses balanced on its thin nose.
He took us to the door of a building like a short pagoda that had a sign hanging over it showing a face with hands uplifted, like a saint under G d’s light, and handcuffed.
I couldn’t tell what the thoughtful look on her face meant.
The glow reflected on her pink face, casting a sickly pallor over her heartbeat-strong cheeks.
She shook her head, rubbing her face into the white fur and murmuring something.
I dodged, but he tossed it, and I held the box in front of my face.
Rachel, her clothes torn and her face drawn, looked like she might cry when she saw me.
It was a recipe for disaster that would soon explode in the faces of hundreds of thousands of workers and their families.

You and your fiancÈe face the hangman's noose.

Drunk with a smile on his face.

A familiar face!

Scene: CANNIBAL ISLAND: hut [Jack is running off with the bamboo pole tied to his back] [Jack encounters the cannibal boy, standing silently with a fork and a knife, one in each hand] [Jack grabs the knife from the boy, and begins cutting his rope off] [two cannibal women appear] [Jack charges, but the bamboo pole on his back spears a coconut in a pile near the cliff edge] [Jack turns suddenly, which flings the coconut off the end of the pole into a cannibal's face] [the cannibal slowly lifts the dripping coconut off his face, scowling at Jack] Scene: CANNIBAL ISLAND: cage [the cage rolls over a ledge into a small chasm holding a river] [cannibals throw spears and shoot arrows at the men in the water, the men swim underwater] GIBBS: This way, lads!
Scene: CANNIBAL ISLAND: hut [Jack is running off with the bamboo pole tied to his back] [Jack encounters the cannibal boy, standing silently with a fork and a knife, one in each hand] [Jack grabs the knife from the boy, and begins cutting his rope off] [two cannibal women appear] [Jack charges, but the bamboo pole on his back spears a coconut in a pile near the cliff edge] [Jack turns suddenly, which flings the coconut off the end of the pole into a cannibal's face] [the cannibal slowly lifts the dripping coconut off his face, scowling at Jack] Scene: CANNIBAL ISLAND: cage [the cage rolls over a ledge into a small chasm holding a river] [cannibals throw spears and shoot arrows at the men in the water, the men swim underwater] GIBBS: This way, lads!
A fearsome creature with giant tentacles that suction your face clean off.









This volte face gave rise to the so-called Brutalist style, which had a worldwide influence, shaping the work of architects as dissimilar as James Stirling and Paul Rudolph, and ultimately opening the door to Postmodern stylistic experiments such as Charles Moore’s little house in the Berkeley hills.
His face soft as if caught between a smile and tears, he draped his loose cape over her shoulders.
Arthur's face assumed a long-suffering aspect of authoritative exasperation.
His hair fell loosely across a face that seemed always to have a knowing smirk hidden just beneath its surface, infusing his body with a rakish energy.
Allan exhaled and leaned back into the chair, his face relaxing in imitation of his thoughts.
Nathan promised to show the story to a printer he knew and Allan left it with him, then walked home under the spreading maples with a smile lingering on his face.
Antenna a cold face for architecture magazine.


Sorry girls, this pretty face's off the market :) Just sitting in the front of the apple store Eating at zippys What a great days at Lift Conference in Geneva....

Each right entitles the shareholder to buy $100 face amount of 13.5% bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share.
One is hidebound, stiff, silent in the face of media criticism.
And while it's true that you can't pack as much psychological detail into a movie as you can into a novel, director Philip Saville and screenwriter Adrian Hodges bring out the yeasty subtext of even the most brittle encounters: The suspense is in waiting to hear how characters will phrase what you've already read in their faces.
How can I have my new face and my old friend at the same time?
Several panelists--including Bill Kristol ( This Week ) , Gloria Borger ( Face the Nation and PBS's Washington Week in Review ), Alan Murray ( Washington Week ), and Jack Germond (NBC's Meet the Press )--think the GOP should show Buchanan the door.
Reporters cluster around, attaching microphones to his lapels, and sticking tape recorders and cameras in his face.
The only really great moment in the entire hour is the look on his face when the male shrink he goes to in desperation says he can't take on a patient in Tony's line of work.
From Lorena to Eleanor: "I've been trying today to bring back your face.
The WP says that one modification being explored to close the deal is a force with a significant Russian component, which would allow Yugoslavia's president Slobodan Milosevic to save face because Russia has been a staunch supporter of his.
After she kicked the winning goal, ABC put a microphone in her face and asked her to tell the nation about Akers.
Gracie's face grew drawn, and he squirmed wildly to avoid Severn's bombardment.
Wouldn't you prefer to see the face and hear the voice?
Foggo, Foggo, face like a froggo!
an alternative to a dispreferred expression, in order to avoid possible loss of face: either one's own face or, through giving offense, that of the audience, or of some third party.
Even though Irish-Americans face virtually no discrimination, some have embraced a politics modeled after the campaigns of African-Americans and Native Americans demanding their fair historical due--that American institutions recognize their old hardships.
The dramatic court fight over just how secret the Secret Service is supposed to be--going today to the desk of Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist at the request of the DOJ--leads at USA Today and the Washington Post . The New York Times and Los Angeles Times lead instead with Lockheed Martin Corp.'s decision, in the face of government antitrust objections, to abandon its planned $8.
Faults in the face provide the means for climbing it.
Its prized possessions are two: the haunting Volto Santo (Holy Face), a wooden crucifix said to have been carved by Nicodemus and possessing miraculous powers; and the graceful white marble tomb of Ilaria del Carretto Guinigi by master Sienese sculptor Jacopo de lla Quercia (1408) in the former sacristy.
The paper's medical correspondent explained that "any serious burn to the feet, hands, face or genitalia is considered of great medical importance and is usually treated in hospital."
With the help of Dick Morris, Clinton has turned this paradox, this--let's face it--logical contradiction, into an electoral strength.
A recent report of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS) concluded that while most Americans face a very low risk from methylmercury, children of women who consume large amounts of fish during pregnancy face a much higher risk.
"It's important to have passion and to get angry when you see injustice," he argued on Larry King Live . On Face the Nation , he boasted, "Sure, I get angry.
Lexicographers constantly face problems of defining terms that, in some instances, might require a brief essay to explain and far more specialized knowledge than can reasonably be expected from the user.
Her celebrity image is both frivolous and terrifying: Imagine the souls of Fran Lebowitz and Yogi Berra mingling in a woman who looked like an ancient statue, with a huge, flat face and dark little dots for eyes.
Echoes of the scandal abroad: 1) China replied to U.S. criticism of its human-rights abuses by accusing the United States of corruption for letting its political parties sell face time with their leaders.
"If you say, Well, it would make me miserable, make my wife cry, but it has no innuendo, no unattributed pejorative remarks, no slap in the face for joy of slapping, it is news, not gutter gossip, and as a reporter I know the writer was fair, then give it to the copy desk."
Aside from asking George W. Bush to come forward and give specifics on the issues that you mentioned, could you tell us what you find objectionable about his trying to present a new moderate face for his party just like you did for the Democrats?
The most vivid moments in Kubrick's films in the last 30 years have come when he has turned his actor's faces into masks: Think of Malcolm McDowell in A Clockwork Orange (1971), Jack Nicholson in The Shining (1980), and Vincent D'Onofrio in Full Metal Jacket (1987).
Murray, in a dry, "straight" turn, lowers the volume on his wiseacre act, confining his trademark irony to an occasional glint in the eye and, in the face of crisis, an escalating air of gonzo dissolution.
The notion is ludicrous on the face of it.
I am not persuaded that a speaker who offends a hearer's sensibilities directly suffers loss of face: loss of face could come about only by some retaliatory action of the hearer's.
The organizations we studied were striving to manage the same types of risks that face federal agencies.
The more formulaic shows (CNN's Capital Gang , The McLaughlin Group , Fox News Sunday ) offered predictions for 1998 and "awards" (Worst Politician, Biggest Loser, Brightest New Face) to disguise their lack of enterprise, while the more somber programs dodged hard work with toasts to their last 50 years ( Meet the Press ), their last 30 years ( Washington Week in Review ), and their last year ( Face the Nation ).
The aliphatic portions of the side chains of both Lys61's may play roles in RNA binding since they cross the faces of both adenosines.
The four third-grade protagonists--Stan, Kyle the Jew, fat Cartman, and mush-mouthed sacrificial lamb Kenny--sing a Rodgers and Hammerstein-style ode to their "peaceful, redneck, podunk" wintry mountain town (where denizens step over the homeless on their way to church services), and then bluff their way into an R-rated Canadian cartoon called Asses of Fire . That picture stars a crudely drawn, Beavis and Butt-head-type duo called Terrance and Phillip, who entertain each other by spewing four-letter words and passing gas in each other's faces.
All papers--the New York Times , the Los Angeles Times , and the Washington Post --lead with the U.S. economy's surprisingly strong third-quarter growth rate in the face of the world financial crisis.
Burton relishes squirting blood in this know-it-all's face: Ichabod is the movie's dashing hero and also the butt of its jokes.
When an actress such as Patricia Arquette presents a blank face to the camera, it's really blank, but Pfeiffer's blankness can make you seasick with its sloshing, stormy underpinnings.
every time Upham's face filled the screen.)
Let's face it--these stereotypes have been out of circulation for 30 or 40 years, kept alive almost exclusively by crackpot racists and horrified anti-stereotype brigades, mostly the latter.
Biochemical studies have pointed out that the PRC-barrel of the purple bacterial PRC-H lies on the cytosolic face of the reaction center and directly affects the redox processes during the photosynthetic reaction [ 16, 28].
And that suggests to me that you may well be interested in joining a program that tries to help our children in the face of the problems I mentioned above.
In the summer of 1955 or 1956, Mr Rivers saw among the customers a tiny old lady with beady eyes, a pointed nose and a ruddy, weatherbeaten, pinched-up face.
Life threatening agitation is usually signalled by escalating musculoskeletal hyperactivity in the face of increasing sedative administration.
On the other hand, this is not to say that if a clinical result flies in the face of our physiological understanding that we should just reject it out of hand, as suggested by Couto [ 5 ] . In general, given the complexity of the human body and our nascent knowledge of it, if we use basic science alone to judge the safety or efficacy of an intervention, then our judgment will be fraught with a high degree of uncertainty.
The camera, meanwhile, rests on the face of Kubrick's protagonist, a New York doctor called Bill Harford, who's only just comprehending the horror of what he has witnessed over the previous 24 hours--the bestial evil under the waltzing façade of civilization.
But Pat Buchanan opined on Face the Nation that "the Republican establishment is doing its best right now to almost force a fracture in the GOP."
I have not seen the face of God, but I have seen a certain Washington literary editor who looks like the Wrath of God.
The anonymity it allows emboldens people to say things to each other they would never say face to face.
Moreover, “loss of face” is entirely irrelevant: if what is meant is embarrassment , then why not call it that?
Movie -- Face/Off ;
"I paint my face and travel at night," he once said of his work at the coalition.
For example, La chata is an affectionate slang term meaning `funny face,' `honey,' or `cutie,' but in Central America or Spain a fellow would probably be punched out if he were to call his girl a `bedpan' or `barge'!
On CBS's Face the Nation , Gore says he will keep Coelho.
"All Americans must recognize that the face of terror is not the true face of Islam," President Bush observed."
Loral's chairman, the paper notes with a straight face, was the largest personal donor to the Democratic Party last year.
But they all face a common question: how to balance the demands of oligopoly and the interests of the consumer."
Finally, turning to her toilet, she rested her face in her hands, and gave a sort of groan.”
Unfortunately neither of the assumptions is verifiable, but they are reasonable, and therefore have "face" validity.
Chris Dodd, D-Conn., observed on Face the Nation , "Patience and resolve are as important a weapon today as actually the airstrikes are."
On top of the the pain and suffering Moesha (er, Brandy) must be going through herself on a personal level (I once saw a Lifetime original movie about coping with dehydration, and believe me, it was more than a docudrama, it was the powerful story of one woman's courage in the face of acute moisture-shortage), there is also the larger tragedy of a whole consumer populace having to go without new episodes of Moesha every week until, somehow, a cure can be found.
Commentators applauded his "liberal conscience" in the face of conservative public opinion.
Figure 9: Medicare's Hospital Insurance Trust Fund Faces Insolvency in
What would Exley make of this week's story in the National Enquirer on the nightmare of being married to Kathie Lee by her first husband, Paul Johnson, who offers this observation, "I see Frank Gifford with the same confused look on his face that I used to get.
!!) will be another contestant in the American juvenile falling on his face doing period European drama contest.
Yet, both guilt and grace shared space on front pages and TV screens a few days ago; they came together in the face of Phan Thi Kim Phuc, who, after 24 years of mute and frozen accusation, stepped forward at this year's Veterans Day ceremony in Washington, D.C., to lay to rest that portion of a painful past that she has carried in her own face.
Jordan's Hussein Faces the End
Let's face it: Any articulate minority intellectual who reliably espouses conservative positions is automatically offered a ticket to a very nice lifestyle.
Luckily for us Caribbeans, humor plays a great part in our daily lives and laughter is generally much more common than a gloomy face.
I find it interesting that my representative in Congress, Thomas Bliley, can, with a straight face, recommend subsidies for these farmers when he and others in his party have vowed to get rid of "welfare as we know it."
Phil Gramm, R-Texas, appeared more stupid than brave when he walked into the Democrats' trap on CBS's Face the Nation . Gramm compared Medicare to a sinking Titanic that shouldn't accept any new people, to which Clinton loyalists George Stephanopoulos (ABC's This Week ) and Secretary of Health and Human Services Donna Shalala ( Face the Nation ) responded with the administration's line.
Mural Hill is so called because the sheer cliff face comprises so many patches of color that it might be a fresco.
Max Fischer (Jason Schwartzman), the 15-year-old protagonist of Wes Anderson's well-reviewed comedy Rushmore , looks like Tom Cruise with his face pinched between a giant's thumb and forefinger so that his tiny eyes are squashed together and his big nose and teeth pop out.
Making the GOP's case on Face the Nation , Sen.
Where else does a pundit face one or more people dedicated to demolishing his or her arguments on the spot and making him or her look like a fool?
A full-length view of the girl, shot from behind in sharply faded color, then a less clearly articulated close-up of her face.
But she also draws a clear, important conclusion: "On the question of gun control, the mirror has only one face.
When California Caucasians are practicing Feng Shui and Zen meditation, when suburban Asian teens are reciting gangsta rap lyrics, when salsa sales are surging past ketchup sales, how can we speak with a straight face about the ineffaceable whiteness of American life?
Station VI: Veronica wipes Jesus’s face.
The Asian About-Face
"Let's face it, when you have angels fighting demons, it is going to be controversial.
Rooms display sacred art, archaeological remains, the original charter of Lagos, holy vestments, and a bizarre collection of creatures, like a science experiment gone bad: an eight-legged goat kid preserved in formaldehyde, a one-eyed sheep, a cat with two faces.
The recent Post redesign aches like a bad face lift.
Beneath the roadside sycamores, as if a newsreel unspooled in my head, I see a squirrel, gaunt, great-eyed as a prisoner half-starved, its face dissolving into the demon's face ...
If two partners earn $40,000 each, a decision to get married could, on its face, cost them more than $1,000.
If you use a computer to merge a lot of faces together, the result tends to look as fetching as Leonardo DiCaprio.
ein Gesicht wie 37 Tage Regenwetter haben, Lit. to have a face like 37 days of rain: to have a long face
I would recommend these metaphysical exercises as a cheap alternative to reading The Face and The Hand .
The face of Europe might look quite a bit different.
But, let's face it, she's a twittering blank--a bore.
A "photo lab" does fun-house-mirror tricks to Lewinsky' face.
An opponent points out that if the desire to die can be controlled with treatment, it should not be taken at face value; a proponent points out that if the desire to die is caused by reasons other than pain, it should be heeded.
In La Repubblica of Rome, columnist Bernardo Valli said the achievement of the Austrian Freedom Party in getting more than 27 percent of the vote in the general election was "a slap in the face" for Europe.
Osment's pinched, old-young face suggests an ancient's insight without an ancient's defenses--a sensitivity so exquisitely morbid that you worry more for his emotional than physical well-being.
Federal and Nonfederal Entities Face Similar Risks and Rely on Similar Technologies
Its real name is despair, that central human emotion in the face of overwhelming odds of which tragedy is made.
But rather than explore any of this interesting territory, Hughes opts for the Soviet encyclopedia approach, removing any possible blemish from the face of the leader.
But Fukuyama, in the Weekly Standard , says that the Rolling Stone editor is correct to "criticiz[e] the tendency of many to throw up their hands in the face of the global economic juggernaut and become politically passive in the face of its economic imperatives."
David Geffen, Michael Eisner, Steven Spielberg, Sumner Redstone: These are among the most prominent faces of the New Economy.
Bedoya's smooth Mayan face contorts into a sneer, Badges?
This effect was first noticed when a 19 th century eugenicist tried to create an average criminal face by making a photographic composite of lots of mug shots.
The face has an obviously simian cast--yet the creature sports a tweed coat and spectacles and parts his silver hair on the side; he bears a distinct resemblance to the late George Burns.
What he sees twists Cage's hitherto poker face into an increasingly Eastwoodesque grimace.
Similarly, many private sector and state organizations have struggled to overcome some of the same management information issues that now face federal agencies.
The WP gives its Turkey coverage a human face, using extensive interviews with survivors and relatives of the dead to paint a macabre picture of the quake's aftermath.
--Seigniorage is the face value of newly minted coins less the cost of production (which includes the cost of the metal, manufacturing, and transportation).
Interacting with our faculty and their fellow, students, they develop skills and perspectives that will help them meet the complex challenges that face our society in the coming years.
Club . Jonze is never in your face: His instincts must have told him that hyping gags this outlandish would turn the picture into camp.
The face of Naples has been made and remade by its many earthquakes, permitting — imposing — transitions from Gothic to Renaissance and Baroque.
Hurt's face is so deeply lined that he now resembles Boris Karloff's mummy--not flesh and blood but flakes and embalming fluid.
"All Americans must recognize that the face of terror is not the true face of Islam," President Bush observed."
I thought I saw the flicker of a responsive grin cross his face.
We would argue "no" even in the face of the cautionary words provided above.
Do I want to see his "sincere" face on television every day?
My voice has been recorded and Barbra Streisand's face and name have been associated with the sound tracks and recordings made by the motion picture industry.
When she speaks Shakespearean verse, that nervy edge deserts her: She makes her face a blank and pipes her lines arrhythmically, like a clueless high-school thespian.
The twin fire-doors wheezed shut behind two girls.His face deepened to a face I've cometo think of, on other faces, as ancient, accepting.
Can the president do a mea culpa knowing that the video of Hillary saying it "would be a very serious offense" would be thrown back in his face again and again and again?
Loops of rope or tape, called slings , fitted with karabiners or krabs `metal snaplinks,' are used for running belays or runners . These are placed on the rock face during the ascent and used to prevent the leader from falling too far.
The late 15th-century cathedral (Duomo di San Giovanni) cherishes one of Italy’s most celebrated (and controversial) relics, the shroud said to have wrapped Jesus after his descent from the cross, taking the imprint of his face and body.
The author barely bothers to characterize England under siege (he was more evocative when his settings were farther from home, as they almost always were); and the last third--in which the atheistic Maurice has his face rubbed in the rightness of Sarah's faith--feels like a denouement, not a climax.
The FALN terrorists have accepted Bill's clemency offer, and she ends up with nothing but egg on her face.
The agonized expression on his face looks like a kind of rapture.
McCain clenched his teeth, screwed up his face, and snarled, "GRRRRRRR."
The vertical pole is unstable in the face of gravity and will soon fall.
He speaks the movie's epitaph, "Darkness and light, strife and love: Are they the workings of one mind, the feature of the same face?
He is going to have to confess to everything on our terms now, or face Paula in court."
The Washington Post and the Los Angeles Times lead with Slobodan Milosevic's carefully conducted withdrawal of Serbian forces from Kosovo province in the face of today's NATO airstrike deadline.
al . have suggested that W183 may be involved in a cation-π interaction with the amino group of 5-HT and m CPBG [ 26 ] . If W183 and Y142 are located near each other but on opposite faces of the binding site in the 5-HT 3 R, then they could potentially act in concert to help stabilize a conformation of the receptor leading to channel opening.
So as I said at the beginning, the story of the baby-sitting co-op helps me to remain calm in the face of crisis.
Italian women coat their faces with col cream , Romanians ride the trolleybus , and Spaniards, when they feel chilly, don a sueter . Almost everyone in the world speaks on the telephone or the telefoon or even, in China, the te le fung . And almost everywhere you can find nightclubs and television .
However, I am not so ignorant of the canons of journalism (and of common sense) that I would take a plausible fellow like Brian Arthur at face value without checking up on him.
Thus, because positively selected gp120 variants found throughout gp120 may be selected by T-cell immunity, QUASI's finding that the non-neutralizing face includes positively selected variants is not at odds with models where the non-neutralizing face forms the gp120 trimer interface.
He has simply accepted the claims at face value, just as he seems to have accepted his views of American domestic policy on the basis of a few rhetorical statements that seem to him plausible.
2. Dangerous toy--vinyl face made with phthalates, cause of liver cancer in laboratory mice.
ein Gesicht wie 37 Tage Regenwetter haben, Lit. to have a face like 37 days of rain: to have a long face
Schiemann thought that this was placed over the face of the dead King Agamemnon around 1200 b.c., but in fact it dates from over 300 years earlier; the prehistoric rooms also have a collection of Cycladic figures dating from the third millennium b.c.
Rodchenko and his friends in the various groupings of the left wing of Soviet art in the 1920s saw themselves as embattled representatives of the true spirit of the Revolution, in the face of various currents of reaction, mediocrity, timidity, and stasis.
Many people who go see the documentary American Movie , directed by Chris Smith and produced by Sarah Price, will expect to revisit the title character of Burton's Ed Wood (1994), a stumblebum who maintained a cockeyed optimism--and obliviousness--in the face of infinitesimal budgets and what amounted to an anti-talent for continuity.
Bob Schieffer (CBS's Face the Nation ) and Steve Roberts ( Late Edition ) both note that recently released court documents unmask White House arguments that legal battles impede Clinton's official duties.
Those reported to be contemplating plastic surgery include pop star Britney Spears (liposuction, per the Star ), Judge Judy Sheindlin (face lift, breast lift, dermabrasion, also from the Star ), and Camilla Parker Bowles ($50,000 worth of miscellaneous fixes, to help her win the race against Sophie Rhys-Jones to "become the new Princess Diana," says the Globe ). The most talked-about face lift prospect is, of course, Hillary Rodham Clinton.
The Nation 's Katha Pollitt takes Putnam's very example, the shift from league bowling to ad hoc bowling, and suggests that "[that] story could be told as one of happy progress from a drink-sodden night of spouse-avoidance with the same old faces from work to temperate and spontaneous fun with one's intimate friends and family."
After the dive, Greenspan was universally lauded for putting a happy face on the market in congressional testimony.
Nor are QUASI's results incompatible with the silent face being silent to B-cell immunity.
Her face has the freshness of a junior-high-school yearbook photo--it might be the apotheosis of the junior-high-school yearbook photo--and there's more than a touch of Barbie in her long thighs and high bottom.
But when Thomas Wilson in his Art of Rhetoric (1553) speaks of travail and toil with the sweat of his brows, we can be sure that he is referring to Adam's expulsion from Eden and the beginning of toil for everyone (though Genesis III.19 in the Authorized Version follows Coverdale in using the words sweat of thy face ).
To participate in the debate over how to reform Social Security and Medicare, the public needs to understand the difficult choices the nation faces.
And now they turned to us, this sea of people, more than three hundred of them, shouting and screaming, men swinging fists and weapons, women swinging heavy purses, little children clawing with their fingernails at the faces of anyone they could reach.
And, when I left the library that evening, you can bet I had a smile on my face.
"The government of Israel, the Jewish Agency and the organized leadership of world Jewry must wake up to the urgent need to take action in the face of the impending disaster."
In Greek mythology, mortals who looked upon Medusa's face were turned to stone.
[ 15 ] Taken at face value, these definitions seem merely to say that EBM is the wise use of the best evidence available.
In Britain, the Times reported on its front page how a little boy in Yorkshire had been struck across the face by a department-store Santa Claus after questioning his legitimacy, claiming to have seen another Santa Claus in another department store only a short time beforehand.
A breathy ex-prostitute now going to seed, she bathes Harry, controls the light in his room, and warns him off relations with "sluts" while hovering inches from his face in low-cut nighties.
Brother Purvis strained the buttons on his vest as his face purpled and he growled (as Samson vainly resisting Delilah), “She tempts me, Lord!
Even when the face is utterly impassive, we can know what it's thinking, I know what it's thinking , and enjoy a moment of mind reading."
The face of a Japanese soldier encased in earth speaks from the dead, "Are you righteous?
They run right over your face when you're in a sleeping bag," says Gary Davis, a biologist at Channel Islands National Park--referring either to the Wayans brothers scavenging for gags or to deer mice infested with hantavirus.
So, when Moses came down from the mountain, “the skin of his face shone” (King James Version).
When asked on Face the Nation whether the United States would "negotiate" with a "war criminal," Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott sternly replied: "We're not negotiating with Milosevic.
Using GRASP [ 32] Zhang et al . [ 26] predicted a positively charged patch on the face of the protein opposite K46, and a negatively charged patch on a face adjacent to K46.
There is much maundering in The Face about the face of the Mona Lisa , the face of Jesus, the face of God.
C. "A fresh face."
Ivy Pearson, 12, left, reflecting on the everyday hardships that pupils like she and Lakesha Perry face in Brownsville, Brooklyn.
From the moment we are guided into the play arcade, each alone, each face to face with technology designed and controlled by MIT, we are maneuvered along paths laid down for us.
Street theater, face painting, and hands-on art shows will keep up their enthusiasm and interest.
This idea is even fashionably acceptable for the chic face and body and for certain clothes, but not for modish hair.
The NYT and LAT fronts report that Planned Parenthood and several doctors have brought a private federal civil suit against the proprietors of an anti-abortion Web site that suggests abortion providers are like Nazis and groups the names and faces of some doctors providing the procedure on a Wanted Poster-style list it calls the "Deadly Dozen."
1893-'98) with gray-white bodies, their faces daubed with green and orange, look like they've just stepped out of a grave--or a badly colorized film.
A "non-neutralizing" face has been identified where binding Abs generally do not neutralize HIV when gp120 is oligomerized [ 45, 47]; these data were interpreted as indicating that the non-neutralizing face is occluded in the trimer and that binding Abs are raised against shed gp120 monomers.
These were a development from the fayum paintings that covered the face of the dead in the sarcophagi of Egyptian mummies.
But some faces are even more pleasing than the average face.
Rooms display sacred art, archaeological remains, the original charter of Lagos, holy vestments, and a bizarre collection of creatures, like a science experiment gone bad: an eight-legged goat kid preserved in formaldehyde, a one-eyed sheep, a cat with two faces.
Ruth Flanders's Foreign Treasures [XXII, 1,21] includes a face like 37 days of rain.
Perhaps his most engaging eccentricity was the way he reared his dog: he apparently brought it up to think of itself as a cat, to the point where it even used its paws to wash its face.
It is the more ordinary libraries--the 9,000 public and branch libraries in American towns and cities--that face a real threat of redundancy.
John McCain committed a classic one of these on Sunday, when he said on Face the Nation that the Confederate flag is "a symbol of racism and slavery" and that it "is offensive in many, many ways, as we all know."
I imagine that he was powerfully moved by Daryl Hannah's punky, kick-boxing android in Blade Runner as well as her lissome, childlike mermaid in Splash ; he has created a role for the Ukrainian-born model Jovovich, who has an urchin's face atop a willowy body, that's a strange fusion of both.
But the publication also says that she is recording a blues album, all the better to "[rub] her martyrdom in the face of her errant husband."
After an epic exchange of personal pirouettes she delivered the knockout punch with the following: I told her to her face, [an aberrant piece of straighttalking, this] Don't you turn round to me and tell me I turned round and accused you of being two-faced.
As a white journalist (played by Eastwood) hastens to save an innocent black man (Isaiah Washington) from execution for the murder of a pregnant white convenience-store cashier, Eastwood cuts from the reporter's car careening around hairpin curves to poison-bearing tubes being inserted into the black man's veins: screeching car, needle in vein, screeching car, poison descending the tube, screeching car, clock going tick-tick-tick, glazed expression on the dying man's face, screeech ...
One group had a woman in front, their faces twisted in anger, screaming, "Git them niggers, GIT them niggers.
Plotting a trajectory of Times headlines from the last five years, you begin to suspect that Broadway is mechanically acting out some dialectical process that dooms it to fall on its face every other year.
Suddenly, I was face to face with one of the recurring nightmares of bourgeois life.
But on their heads, they wear a modern silk scarf, a Gucci look-alike or a Hermès knockoff folded close around the face to hide a third of it, along with the ears, the whole neck, and every scrap of hair.
See it for Jeneane Garafolo as a sour, sarcastic FBI agent and Vince Vaughn as a rhinestone cowboy trucker whose unlined face and bland bonhomie grow more hilariously creepy with each passing corpse.
2. Draw a smiley face on the bill.
Among the variables included, GDP per capita and health expenditures per capita are negatively correlated with health inequality, which lends face validity to the inequality measure.
Further, given the dynamic environment agencies face, employees need incentives, training, and support to help them continually learn and adapt.
In the "X" article, the landmark 1947 essay that spelled out the fundamentals of America's Cold War strategy, George Kennan argued that "the Kremlin has no compunction about retreating in the face of superior force.
On Face the Nation , he suggested that he would focus on "the genuine balloting process, which takes place in New Hampshire and then South Carolina."
Yet some centuries before there was a boy named Anne : the full-bearded face of Anne de Montmorency 1493-1567, soldier, courtier, Constable of France, gazes from his portrait with supreme aristocratic confidence.
The attendance of more than 16,000 at the International Festival confirmed our belief in our own festival publicity "Many Faces, One World.
The ornamental gilded clock face has only one hand, for the hours.
The one that works best for me is to review the list of names I should know and visualize their faces.
One day it shouts obscenities in your face.
In the face of forced conversions, the Protestant Huguenots — many of them the most talented bankers, merchants, and artisans of their generation — fled to Switzerland, Germany, Holland, England, and Scandinavia.
This can precipitate angina, heart failure, and cardiac arrhythmias by increasing myocardial work and oxygen consumption in the face of a compromised coronary artery output [ 27].
A yawning gap in the lineup of military officers; a face that failed to match the body attached to it; a face whose shading did not match that of the faces on either side; an elbow marooned in space, bereft of other body parts--such things could just pass for evidence of ineptitude.
But Deputy Knesset Speaker Shevach Weiss (Labor), himself a Holocaust survivor, said he welcomed Arafat's visit to the Washington museum, because it would be "a slap in the face of all Holocaust deniers."
President Clinton gave a six-hour deposition in the Paula Jones case . With Jones "staring him in the face," he reportedly testified that he hadn't exposed himself to her and didn't recall meeting her.
It is not unusual for a single novel to have fifty or more newly created words; in The Face there are almost a hundred.
They were said to have carried their deadly charges in attach, cases, with the result that the lower parts of their bodies were torn away but their faces were curiously intact.
Maureen Dowd opines that Bob Dole has had a face lift and she thinks she knows why: "Because he really, really wants to be First Lady."
In central Indiana today we hear unfamiliar languages and see the faces of newcomers who are making our city their home.
At the very least, you'll give one child the chance to see God's face, and feel His love.
Will our generation one day be interpreted as similarly insignificant in the face of colossal technology?
For a time Clinton favored investing up to 15 percent of current S.S. reserves in the stock market as a hedge against that future deficit, but in the face of GOP opposition he has withdrawn the idea.
The saintly assassin draws the line at shooting a little boy, however, so the kingpin, along with Jürgen Prochnow and other killers with scarred-in-hell faces, comes after him with Uzis, rocket-launchers, and so on.
Fans rated it the most disgusting offense in the history of sports, surpassing the outrages perpetrated by Roberto Alomar (spitting in an umpire's face), Dennis Rodman (kicking a cameraman in the groin), and others.
Let's face it.
UPN recently, imprudently, trimmed the word "McNasty" from the title of Shasta McNasty , rendering it a naked Shasta . Here's a way for them to boost their ratings, repair their grievous show-naming error, and still save face: "Gore/Bradley McNasty Smackdown!"
Hannah Höch said she discovered its possibilities when she saw a kitsch tableau of German military glory; the idealized soldier had her landlord's face pasted on.
Their sacred mission: to get it on with the male party-goers, all of whom are still wrapped in their own cloaks and whose faces are hidden under studiously grotesque masks.
"But in practice, after a while, the revolutionaries will come face to face with some realities."
' A momentary flicker of perplexity on the interviewer's face showed that he had not the slightest idea of what the speaker had said, but he blandly continued without missing a stroke.
IRS Management: IRS Faces Challenges as it Restructures the Office of the Taxpayer Advocate ( GAO/GGD-99-124, July 15, 1999).
Perhaps her fading mind called up once more the shadows of the past to float before it, and retraced, for the last time, the vanished visions of that long history--passing back and back, through the cloud of years, to older and ever older memories--to the spring woods at Osborne, so full of primroses for Lord Beaconsfield--to Lord Palmerston's queer clothes and high demeanour, and Albert's face under the green lamp, and Albert's first stag at Balmoral, and Albert in his blue and silver uniform, and the Baron coming in through a doorway, and Lord M. dreaming at Windsor with the rooks cawing in the elm-trees, and the Archbishop of Canterbury on his knees in the dawn, and the old King's turkeycock ejaculations, and Uncle Leopold's soft voice at Claremont, and Lehzen with the globes, and her mother's feathers sweeping down towards her, and a great old repeater-watch of her father's in its tortoise shell case, and a yellow rug, and some friendly flounces of sprigged muslin, and the trees and the grass at Kensington.
Undaunted, Chatterbox marched off to a nearby bookstore and purchased What the Face Reveals: Basic and Applied Studies of Spontaneous Expression Using the Facial Action Coding System (FACS) , edited by Ekman and Erika Rosenberg.
The Sopranos takes advantage of its commercial-free environment to be comparatively fearless in the face of flat dramatic affect.
(Private debt collectors--"repo men"--face more legal fetters than bounty hunters.
Book -- Man Without a Face: The Autobiography of Communism's Greatest Spymaster , by Markus Wolf with Anne McElvoy;
The father's response ("Yeah, fine," when he's clearly not) and the next two scenes (a flurry of action, then a shot of him flat on his face) suddenly clarify the spot's real target.
Poinsettias took Issue 1 honors as Fox News Sunday , NBC's Meet the Press , CBS's Face the Nation , CNN's Late Edition , ABC's This Week , and The McLaughlin Group displayed festive Euphorbia pulcherrima on their sets.
"The Willey interview will make ripples" because it puts a "human face" on the scandal, says Gigot.
Safire castigates the Department of Justice for being obtuse in the face of this evidence and urges the Senate to step up its investigative efforts to fill the void because "a widespread, criminal conspiracy to violate Federal election laws stares the nation in the face."
If you're so good explain the shit stains on your face.
Nike CEO Phil Knight likes to pose as capitalism with a human face, a man devoted to social justice.
Let's face it: The world is a mess, life is basically futile, and other people are pretty dreadful and don't like you much anyhow.
Without medication, people suffering from manic depression face poor outcomes.
It's capitalism with an inhuman face.
There, instead of the dozens of straightforward shots of Robert Bennett no doubt available, the paper opts for a shot of him with a crazed smile and hands not quite in front his face, making him look like a spastic Mafia don.
There are some scattered interesting bits in both The Face and The Hand , however.
Yet when Bashmet comes out onto the stage, wiping his Prince Valiant locks off his face and holding his non-god by its helpless neck, like a dead rabbit, you feel, even before he starts to play, a vibration in the air, ever so slightly, as if gusting from the air conditioner.
The movie uses her open Asian face to make the French faces seem neurotic and devious: Hers is like a clear pool next to their rather pinched visages.
The twin fire-doors wheezed shut behind two girls.His face deepened to a face I've cometo think of, on other faces, as ancient, accepting.
I contend that the only way one person should kiss off another is face to face.
takes at face value claims that if retirement insurance funds are invested in private securities, a continuing rate of return well above that on federal bonds may be obtained.
As in the '70s, you're nothing in the '90s if you're not in polyester--preferably polyester from Patagonia, The North Face, Marmot, REI, or L.L.
The moral confidence that kept Starr admirably untroubled in the face of partisan insults during his testimony left him equally untroubled by his own genuine errors.
The first shows late 16 th century fashion looking ridiculous only on the aging queen herself, as if no other woman at the time ever wore a rigid farthingale and stuffed sleeves, a tightly frizzed wig and a bushel of pearls, or painted her face with white paste.
To describe the Homer of the movie (Jake Gyllenhaal) as a lad with coal dust on his face and stars in his eyes would be both softheaded and imprecise.
A patient narrates her face lift.
The movie's lone masterful sequence is the one that features a batch of blank, leggy dolls, along with people whose faces are hidden behind expressive masks.
The session begins with a bizarre dialogue about Michael Jackson--an African-American superstar who in the Iraqi officer's view was driven by bigotry to whiten his face and straighten his hair--and winds up with the Iraqi pouring oil down Barlow's throat in a brutal effort to drive home the war's real aim.
John Keegan's excellent book The Face of Battle also looks at the issue and concludes that his command was well within the norms of warfare for the period.
And this should indeed sober everybody up fast, because let's face it, have you ever seen anybody actually buy something in a Sharper Image store?
The WP calls Bush's proposals the first real glimpse of the face of "compassionate conservatism" and an unmistakable rejection of Republican "free-market libertarian orthodoxy."
However bravely you sweep away customs barriers and encourage Europeans to move freely over the face of their continent, they will continue to come terrible and humiliating croppers at these invisible boundaries.
Presently he brightened up and said, “I think, sir, since you care for the advice of an old man, sir, you will find it a very good practice” (here he looked me in the face) “always to verify your references, sir!”
It must be said—and I believe I shall be borne out on this—that relying on citations appearing in the OED or in works written long ago is a precarious business: the only accurate, safe statement that can be made about such information is that it provides evidence for the existence of a word in a given context at the time of publication of the work: it cannot and must not be construed as the first time the word appeared on the face of the earth, merely as the first written evidence we have of its appearance.
She appears to be a beautiful, young voluptuous woman, wearing a long flowing white dress, with her face covered or averted.
The selective advantage we find rendered by diversity in some of these regions ( e.g. , the "silent face") has been attributed to neutral drift [ 44, 45], thus QUASI's results run counter to previous interpretations.
The top and bottom faces of the subunit, which we call longitudinal, contact subunits above and below it in the protofilament; the right and left faces, which we call lateral, contact subunits in adjacent protofilaments; and the front and back faces correspond to the outside and inside of the microtubule.
Face validity is the extent to which a test appears to measure what it is supposed to measure.
It has been reported that some golgins are localized to the cytoplasmic face of Golgi membranes [ 16 ] . Functions of the golgins have been proposed in vesicular transport and in maintaining structural integrity of the Golgi complex [ 17 18 19 ] . The potential implication is that these Golgi proteins may have common biochemical characteristics that may make them targets of autoimmune responses in certain disease states.
Using GRASP [ 32] Zhang et al . [ 26] predicted a positively charged patch on the face of the protein opposite K46, and a negatively charged patch on a face adjacent to K46.
To participate in the debate over how to reform Social Security and Medicare, the public needs to understand the difficult choices the nation faces.
Advocacy help is needed to increase the quantity and quality of housing for low-income people, reduce unlawful discrimination and enforce the residential landlord tenant act in the face of evictions.
In face of the fears aroused by the Russian Revolution of 1917, the conservative parties dominated the immediate post-war period, while a new French Communist Party, loyal to Moscow, split with the Socialists in 1920.
Come face to face with Jaws or ride out a Twister.
Statues with Persian or Indian faces.
The statue’s face is entirely obscured by red paste that is smeared on by worshippers.
While FDA Rule is nowhere near as dramatic as other spots of its ilk (one shows a tobacco junkie smoking through a hole in her neck; another, a teen smoker's face putrefying, shedding worms, as she brushes her teeth; a third, Marlboro Man Wayne McLaren dying of lung cancer), it makes its point: Hook one kid early with promotions, and peer pressure will do the rest.
Tasmanian English, then, presents an interesting face to the outside world, partly the face of a genuine regional dialect nurtured by the stability and comparative isolation of its population, and partly a construct of the tourist industry, which harnesses both the new and the old to create a viable contemporary image.
Although Troyanovich and Harrison [ 41 ] consider face and content validity as synonymous, there is an important distinction: content validity studies employ a reference standard.
Vin Weber left the House of Representatives in 1992 rather than face the "vicious, negative, and highly personal campaign" he saw looming.
Michael Beschloss ( Face the Nation ) linked Washington's lost vitality to the end of the imperial presidency, while other Face the Nation yakkers (Bob Schieffer, Stephen Carter, and Ellen Goodman) pinned it on politicians and the presidents who have failed to frame our pressing problems (race, Social Security insolvency, women's issues) in political terms.
And while he hasn't rubbed his game wing directly in Clinton's draft-dodging face in pursuit of votes, he'll probably do whatever it takes to win if he's woefully behind in October.
Using one of the former's most powerful ploys, it chooses to come at the viewer obliquely via a human face, a human tragedy, that carefully fronts the industry behind.
There's a scene in Carl Sagan's excellent novel Contact when Ellie Arroway, his protagonist, whooshes down some kind of intragalactic "wormhole" and winds up on a sunny beach, face to face with an alien.
NOMINAL (OR FACE OR PAR) VALUE OR AMOUNT -The amount of a bond, note, mortgage, or other security as stated in the instrument itself, exclusive of interest or dividend accumulations.
Proofreaders use a special set of marks, signs and symbols to indicate on the gallery proofs the required corrections--deletions, insertions, size or type of fonts (lower case letters, capitals, bold face), space notations (size of paragraph indents, missing spaces between words or extra spaces within words, type and length of dash), etc.
And Inglish speech is not complete without nodding of the head, some gesticulation, and an expressive face.
The minimal objects in a spin network are discrete combinatorial objects that constitute first a tetrahedron, with four vertices and four triangular faces.
The principal sculpture, five times life-size, displays features typical of that dynasty’s Buddhist art: a thin face, large eyes, straight nose, and quiet smile.
The Post Express of Nigeria said in an editorial that it would like to "commend the American people for their watchful insistence on probity and moral rectitude for public office holders," but proposed caution in pursuing Clinton because "it will be foolhardy for America to cut its nose to spite its face."
Station VI (Veronica wipes Jesus’s face): Your guide may have a door in the wall opened to reveal the little Church of St. Veronica, built in the restored vaults of a Crusader monastery.
Here and through the spot, she speaks directly to the camera, her earnest face and voice limning with hope the shots of an ailing elder and of single, bleak lines of text that bring the disease to life and the living room.
Armed with canes decorated with bunches of rosemary, the participants proceed on foot to the monastery, where they venerate the Holy Face cloth that, according to tradition, retained the bloodstained image of Jesus’ face after Saint Veronica used it to wipe his brow as he went to Calvary.
In the face of such difficulties, biology, perhaps more than other disciplines, consists of a vast amount of qualitative information that forms the basis for speculation, reasoning and decision-making at all levels from the basic science laboratory to the clinic.
The story reports that the GOP leadership would like to see a change in the CBO's forecasting models and probably some new faces over there too.
Here in a glass case is Man Ray's Gift (1921): a clothes iron painted black with a row of 13 tacks glued headfirst into the face.
Annual feedback from students and faculty endorsed the face validity of the OSCE.
He serves up in full the swiftly rotting texture of , , the way every observer is drawn into the general inanity and loses face in the act of . (Click on the underlined phrases for samples of Indiana's vicious analysis.)
In Saint Francis Receiving the Stigmata (1767-69), the saint cranes his neck (as we do) to see the weird God hovering above him: a round sun with a human face and four pairs of wings that shoots golden laser beams down into Francis' palms.
The guards slip a black leather hood over his face and screw the head electrode, with its circular sponge, down onto the top of his skull.
Correspondingly, male consumers are being sold fickle and impossible images of their sexuality and their social honour: fickle because the clothes, face creams, and similar goods now change like women's hemlines, offering no stable sense of self, impossible ornaments because the Porsche and the $10 cigar lie in the realm of fantasy for most men struggling to make ends meet.
Egloff and colleagues identified seven acidic surface residues on the catalytic face of PP1c γ that are replaced by neutral or basic residues in PP2A [ 25 ] . They suggest the presence of these acidic residues in PP1c γ may explain why casein is a good substrate for PP2A, but not for PP1.
In the face of prosperous postwar Germany, retribution is a joke.
Book -- Man Without a Face: The Autobiography of Communism's Greatest Spymaster , by Markus Wolf with Anne McElvoy;
In one, a group of placid girls jump rope while immediately behind them lie the severed heads of three men, horrified expressions on their faces, and pairs of disembodied hands (their own?
The cover package celebrates the century in entertainment with anecdotes told by stars and their hangers-on: Ira Gershwin's brother-in-law describes how he manufactured ketchup (he said "to-may-toes," but his suppliers said "to-mah-toes"); Little Ricky remembers what it was like to grow up as Lucy and Desi's TV son; Barbra Streisand claims she was never a shrew on the set; a Titanic producer tells how Kate Winslet improvised an enduring moment in cinema--spitting in the face of co-star Billy Zane, etc. ...
House Republicans will have placed a clean, good-natured speaker at the front of their parade, a bland and acceptable public face for the party.
And on the face of it, why not?
The GOP needs to shut Burton up and make the magisterial Henry Hyde, R-Ill., the face of the GOP investigation, advises David Gergen ( The McLaughlin Group ). Robert Novak ( Capital Gang ) reveals that Burton was nearly sent packing by a panicked Gingrich, who was placated when Burton fired David Bossie, a top aide.
Movie -- Face/Off ;
To encourage a prompt response, we assured all candidates that we didn't intend to judge harshly those who displayed poor Web literacy, since--let's face it--computer skills rank fairly low on the list of the things one needs to master in order to be president.
But the German candidate who'd been slated to run decided in the face of a looming Republican sweep that he'd like to be postmaster, so Yates, who is Jewish, got his chance.
There is a loss of face in the move of the bank's home office, as well as a blow to San Francisco's economy.
At least that's what I imagine Unisys' executives saying to themselves when they seek comfort in the face of the company's falling profit margins.
Even with the guidance provided by OMB for establishing the new information technology management leadership positions, agencies face distinct challenges in effectively positioning federal CIOs and supporting organizations to ensure that information management adds value in their business/mission performance .4 CIOs in the federal sector face structural and cultural hurdles generally not found elsewhere.
With a ground plan the size of the Greek Parthenon and a structure half as tall again, this was the work of the eighth-century Deccan king Krishna I. In the process of shaping the temple and its shrines in an area 82 m (265 ft) long and some 47 m (150 ft) wide, leaving the back “wall” of the courtyard 30 m (97 ft) high, an amazing 200,000 tons of rock were cut away from the face of the hill.
Dr. Alice Rossi, who analyzed that data, said, "The Gail Sheehy image of the menopausal woman with sweat running down her face is just not true."
Some Indians already resent suggestions they are descended from ancient Asians--such contentions fly in the face of their creation myths.
There is much maundering in The Face about the face of the Mona Lisa , the face of Jesus, the face of God.
As for Keegan and The Face of Battle , Guatam Makunda inadvertently makes my point for me: Keegan would not have had to weigh in if there wasn't a raging debate about the rightness or wrongness of Henry's actions.
"Way Richard Nixon's face bleeds off the side of the urinal cake.
Sadly enough, as Italy put on its best face for the nationwide celebration of Jubilee 2000, a series of corruption scandals (tangenti) revealed the dirty and deep-rooted hold of politicians and business tycoons alike that began in the early to mid 1990s.
When this region was analyzed using a helical wheel projection, the three residues fall on the same face of the helix, which appears to be largely hydrophobic in nature (Fig.
Decorum is what you spit in the face of.
Unearthed in Faro, it is nicknamed the “Ocean Mosaic,” for it depicts a bearded sea-god (though the bulldozer that discovered it in 1976 shaved off the lower half of his face).
I'll see the film again for the last sequence alone: anything to stare at Redgrave's face once more, to hear her say, "You want to say to each moment: 'Stay.
Indianapolis is a city of many voices and many faces.
My Yorkshire friend looked inquiringly into my face.
A strenuous climb up the sheer face of the Western Hills via tunnels and stair treads carved from stone ultimately leads to Dragon’s Gate (Longmen).
Equally plausible is the possibility of differing neurotoxic responses to glutamate or differences in the ability of AKXD28 and D2 mice to buffer glutamate levels in the face of high IOP.
Defense Acquisitions: DOD Faces Challenges in Implementing Best Practices.
Jeb Bush once drew me aside at the Republican Convention, stuck his finger in my face and told me he had only two words for me--"Walk softly."
Where the assumption of a noncontinuous dose-response relationship is made, the NOEC would indeed be an estimate of a "safe" or "no-effect" concentration if the amount of adverse effect that appears at the threshold is great enough to test as statistically significantly different from the controls in the face of all aspects of the experimental design mentioned above.
"One of the unfortunate consequences of our bombing seems to have been to unleash a bloodbath, where the Serbs, military, paramilitary, are storming into Kosovo and driving people away," Tim Russert declared on Meet the Press . "Some are suggesting that the first phase of the air campaign has only intensified the alleged ethnic cleansing, the atrocities being committed in Kosovo," Wolf Blitzer added on Late Edition . On Face the Nation , Bob Schieffer suggested that NATO's bombing "has simply backfired."
All face tough 2000 races in states where Clinton is quite popular.
New Faces to Fill Pleasants Seats.
Within the cloister, in the north gallery, is a striking fresco of the Triumph of Death (1360) showing how a humble person and an aristocrat face the same destiny.
Lincoln thought it obviously wrong for men “to ask a just God’s assistance in wringing their bread from the sweat of other men’s faces.”
It surrounds my head in a warm nimbus of fake fur, my brow, ears, and nape encompassed by golden foxy fleece, my pate upholstered with plushy leopard pelt, my beardless face mitigating the rabbinical flavor.
"A young Audrey Hepburn as refashioned for the post-grunge crowd" (Elysa Gardner, Entertainment Weekly ). Cynics contend she's a "producer's puppet," a pretty face who can't write songs or sing (David Thigpen, Time ).
Several of our validity search terms, such as Content Validity , Convergent Validity , Discriminant Validity , and Face Validity were CINAHL but not MEDLINE or MANTIS Subject Headings.
To coordinate care and provide optimal support for dying patients and their families, conversations about care must occur while the patient still has a considerable chance of surviving the current illness [ 1 3 ] . Given our inability to accurately predict the end of life, it may be necessary to develop simultaneous plans in the face of serious illness: one which facilitates the support of patients and family through death and bereavement and a second which provides maximal efforts to restore physiologic balance [ 1 3 4 5 6 ] .
On the face of it, this seems crazy.
Thernstrom's anecdote about how Powell became brigadier general is ambiguous on its face.
Those who are not designers but typographers steeped in statistics of readability and other scientific applications to typography are fully aware that because of the redundancy built into its characters, almost any serif font is more (readily) legible than any sans-serif face, and trying to make a book look modern by using sans-serif makes no sense at all.
The face opposite this binding site presents a patch of positively charged residues, supporting the hypothesis of a nucleotide binding function for at least some subclades of the YbaK family.
Regarding "Onward, Christian Clothiers": I often wonder if the peddlers of religious schlock have actually read any Scripture beyond the gory "here's hell in your face" passages.
Well, actually, yes, about a million things (car chases, ocean liners taking on water) when the words are Virginia Woolf's and the face is Vanessa Redgrave's.
Other subsistence farmers found themselves competing with cash-crop entrepreneurs (Jews and Arabs) whose successes changed the face of Palestinian agriculture.
There, accompanying a story about politicians speaking their minds about other countries, you'll find a looming picture of Al Gore, cropped so close that none of his hair is visible and you can see the sweat that's bubbling out of every giant pore in his face.
"In the past, Mr Jiang always timed the release of prominent political prisoners to smooth relations and give his hosts some face so they could claim credit for improving China's record.
When Lincoln posed for Brady in 1860, during a campaign swing through New York City, Brady's staff retouched the negative to reel in Lincoln's roving left eye, and erased the lines on his face.
At Casa del Veguero (Carretera a Viñales, km 25) you’ll find the grizzled farmer “El Niño,” whom the government has unofficially appointed the face of tobacco — Cuba’s Marlboro man.
Fleming's poker face is perfect for making you giggle at offhand insertions of Watergate minutiae or urban-paranoid compositions cribbed from Alan J. Pakula's film of All the President's Men (1976).
Esquire 's coup: face time with the reclusive Clarence Thomas.
Despite the fact that, on its face, it is punishment, we shouldn't think of it that way.
acecray outcray putting the ace on the bottom of the deck, where the dealer can abstract it bah-bah negligible object cake-slashing assault and mayhem century hundred dollars chippy dissolate girl chivvy unpleasant odor clip your tongue be silent cram the paper cheat at cards cut your chops mind your own business five hard a fist, or a punch frill girl, woman glued their traps remained silent going to the timbers retreating grand thousands dollars grease it pay bribe money, or blackmail hamburger down take it easy hock your skin make a difficult promise hootch liquor hotsprat trival but agreeable en- tertainment in the hole out of money lame your foot deprive you of assistance leathered kicked unfairly lippy-chaser a negro who prefers whites payman, a a cadet pinktail white person scrub face slide them into the eject them to the concrete sidewalk spreadeagle to knock down stick it capture something stick-stick defeated by the previous capture stretch jail term three-nine sexual variant thumb use the thumb to displace cards in a poker-game trip his muscle over-reach himself wraps, or skins, or strips dollars
Orrin Hatch was reflecting the view of some of his colleagues when, on "Face the Nation," he expressed doubt that it would be necessary to call any witnesses.
Preoccupation with the scandal led a harried and nervous president to send his deputies into a sausage grinder, say Gloria Borger ( Face the Nation ) and Fred Barnes ( McLaughlin Group ). A reluctance to appear in public forums for fear of drawing Lewinsky questions compromises Clinton as commander in chief, says Gigot on Fox News Sunday --Clinton "can't compartmentalize these things the way he wants to."
Before war and revolution changed its face, Shanghai was dominated by foreign fortune-hunters, social climbers, and a glittering array of sinners.
Then Bush turned away from the question, as if resisting the effort to laugh in the questioner's face.
And she, her back to him, seems only what she shows as she bends over, reaching between her splayed legsto pick it up, her face a moment upside down beneath her crotch, her pink tongue flickering levelwith the face she watches watching her, the face void
Her face and form are frequently deciphered on tortillas, shadows on walls, and the trunks of trees.
El Mundo said the arrest has "strong symbolic weight" and that "treating the decrepit tyrant as a common criminal and forcing him to explain his actions in the face of international justice is a lesson not just for him but for all others of his ilk around the world."
That strategy makes sense only if men are more price-sensitive than women and hence more likely to walk away in the face of a high markup.
There are two other Holy Face handkerchiefs — one in Jaén and the other in the Vatican.
He'll drop everything for a goofy face, a riff, a flaky bit of business.
Subunits are composed of 2 faces (+ and -) with the + face of one subunit forming one side of the binding site and the - face of another subunit forming the complimentary side.
But the New York Times ' Thomas Friedman expressed the pundits' consensus on Face : The business of American foreign policy is business, and "[w]hen it comes to business, we engage."
As a result, says the paper, they recommend that the crew face "some sort of punishment."
Every time I saw an Istanbul girl with a silk scarf pinching her head and reducing her face, I would think, heavens, take it off, let me show you how to wear it becomingly with your nice suit--and then I would remember that, above the shoulders, unattractiveness is the whole point.
What diminished Three Kings for me was that at heart it was a "conversion" melodrama in which a cynical, amoral, Bogartish hero finally can't live with himself in the face of injustice and opts to "do the right thing" at considerable personal cost.
And every time D'Amato has attacked, Schumer has fired it back in his face.
Her face, applied by celebrity makeup artist Kevin Aucoin, had lost that jolie laide quality that used to make her so compelling.
But it was not that carnage that so influenced Minor's life, in Winchester's view, but the order that the doctor brand an Irish deserter on the face with a D.
Did you notice on Meet the Press how Drudge's face seems to curve from top to bottom like a giant half-moon letter "C"?
His photography was the first thing that got him in trouble, too, as his wildly angled close-ups of the faces of the Young Pioneers were denounced as "grotesque" by members of conservative art factions.
(The bus ads give impotence treatment a friendly face, usually depicting a balding, pocket-protector-wearing doctor.)
Where the assumption of a non-continuous dose-response relationship is made, the NOEC would indeed be an estimate of a "safe" or "no-effect" concentration if the amount of adverse effect that appears at the threshold is great enough to test as statistically significantly different from the controls in the face of all aspects of the experimental design mentioned above.
Movie -- Face/Off ;
She bit off her nose to spite her face adds a contortionist twist to an already harsh metaphor.
Every day, the devout face Mecca, bow their foreheads to the ground, and proclaim: “There is no god but Allah; and Mohammed is His Prophet. ”
Animals with paws must have big, furry, jutting muzzles, which rule out a face.
In reality, green is the color of the stunted pines clinging to purple cliff faces.
For 1999, LSC grantees reported closing 1,038,662 million1 civil legal cases relating to issues such as domestic violence, child custody and visitation rights, evictions, access to health care, bankruptcy, unemployment and disability claims, and many other issues that millions of low-income Americans face throughout their lives.
On Face the Nation , House prosecutor Rep.
A distraught look emerged on the husband's face and his wife stared coldly at him.
If the tubulin subunit is thought of as a cube, it would have six faces.
In other respects, the image is that of an Asian kewpie doll--powdered face, braids, tassels, and a silk gown.
I was very embarrassed and could feel my face flush.
(2000-2050) 42 Figure 1.9:Medicare's Hospital Insurance Trust Fund Faces
There is, on the face of it, something ridiculous about a three-blade razor.
The platform has an inscription recording his last words, Hé Ram (Oh, God), and nearby, a sign declares that most famous Gandhi talisman: “Recall the face of the poorest and most helpless man whom you may have seen and ask yourself if the step you contemplate is going to be of any help to him. ”
Sinatra had been one of the first artists to start his own record label (Reprise, in 1961): This was recognized in the late '70s as proof of his artistic integrity and a kick in the smug face of corporate music.
Whatever depth this character has is the upshot of Roberts' attempt to communicate something about her own celebrity: to say that it has made her overdefended, and that it's a constant battle to stay human in the face of so much attention.
Known as the Cruz de Portugal (Cross of Portugal), it depicts the crucifixion of Christ on one face and the descent from the cross on the other.
an alternative to a dispreferred expression, in order to avoid possible loss of face: either one's own face or, through giving offense, that of the audience, or of some third party.
Staring at our face in the mirror, as The Face author points out, "we become first and third person at once, viewer and viewed.
Ex-girlfriend Farrow levels some familiar charges (Allen put his face in the lap of their 8-year-old daughter, Dylan, and kept pornographic Polaroids of Soon Yi) but adds instances of pettier meanness (he lashed out at Farrow when she invited him to her son's sixth-grade graduation).
The self that observes the world as a Cartesian spectator lurks directly behind the face, just above the eyes.
Since it stays with you continuously, even while you're naked, your hair adorns your most intimate identity, just as your face does, and only secondarily supports the roles you play in life.
The paper says Clinton, "his face contorted in anger, raged at the crowd to get back."
In addition, hemodynamic deterioration from the effects of unrestrained musculoskeletal hyperactivity can precipitate angina, heart failure, and cardiac arrhythmias by increasing myocardial work and oxygen consumption in the face of compromised coronary artery output [ 1].
The more formulaic shows (CNN's Capital Gang , The McLaughlin Group , Fox News Sunday ) offered predictions for 1998 and "awards" (Worst Politician, Biggest Loser, Brightest New Face) to disguise their lack of enterprise, while the more somber programs dodged hard work with toasts to their last 50 years ( Meet the Press ), their last 30 years ( Washington Week in Review ), and their last year ( Face the Nation ).
Kids today face overwhelming pressures, everything from trouble at home to gangs and drugs.
The TV lights were still in Joyner-Kersee's face, the face that had been buried in the track less than an hour before.
Those reported to be contemplating plastic surgery include pop star Britney Spears (liposuction, per the Star ), Judge Judy Sheindlin (face lift, breast lift, dermabrasion, also from the Star ), and Camilla Parker Bowles ($50,000 worth of miscellaneous fixes, to help her win the race against Sophie Rhys-Jones to "become the new Princess Diana," says the Globe ). The most talked-about face lift prospect is, of course, Hillary Rodham Clinton.
But Wallace never paid a visit to Folsom to say "I ain't the same now," only to have the door slammed in his face by Folsom's wife--a scene from the film the Wallace family threatened to over.
The celebration, complete with spice cake and other goodies, is described inside at the LAT and in the WP "Style: Names & Faces."
USAT describes the mission's $266 million cost as "bargain-basement," but redeems itself by being singularly sensitive to NASA's PR efforts, noting that the mission team had been "coached on how to respond to possible questions from reporters about little green men or the 'face on Mars' (neither of which came up).
Ceci Connolly (CBS's Face the Nation ) attributes Gore's Iowa surge to his attacks on Bradley's wishy-washy farm-assistance record.
"Let's face it," he said.
Phil Gramm, R-Texas, appeared more stupid than brave when he walked into the Democrats' trap on CBS's Face the Nation . Gramm compared Medicare to a sinking Titanic that shouldn't accept any new people, to which Clinton loyalists George Stephanopoulos (ABC's This Week ) and Secretary of Health and Human Services Donna Shalala ( Face the Nation ) responded with the administration's line.
Mark Shields triple dribbled his astonishment that a new opinion poll will crown Clinton the most popular president ever ( NewsHour , Capital Gang , Face the Nation ).
But if Witt is ultimately an ethereal martyr, Welsh turns out to be a Bogart-like romantic who can't stop feeling pain in the face of an absent God.
The earlier departure time is for anyone desiring to scale the north face rather than taking the gentler trail option (7.
All that is captured, of course, is Berkowitz's ambition to put himself in your face: He comes out of 20 Dates with a trophy fiancee and a feature film in major release, but absolutely no insight into dating, love, or human chemistry.
His face looks bruised and battered, and his small, sunken eyes show the marks where glasses were just removed.
She underwent repeated plastic surgeries in order to reduce her breasts, smooth her wrinkles, slim her face (alarmingly, she looks younger in the ninth season of Roseanne than she did in the first).
More important, it will sustain higher costs in inventories, face a greater need to mark down the prices of its products, and therefore earn a lower profit margin than those establishments that have invested in comprehensive changes.
"Little brown people who dance around naked in your face, while ranting like imbeciles, just to get you to shoot a squirt of pepper spray at them.
But the announcement was still a welcome slap in the face to a market that was hyperventilating for no good reason at all.
There I found a watch with hands that suited me, made my purchase, and left, but a question was still ticking within: analog watch ? Presumably, the analog refers to measuring time by an analog, with hands and a circular face, rather than by the more scientific-looking digital system.
It was a disconcerting experience, waiting to enter the theater to see One True Thing . The earlier screening was ending, and out came one woman after another with tears streaming down her face or eyes bloodshot from weeping.
There is really no gracious way to receive a pie in the face ...
To the contrary--it's precisely because she is likable that her husband's handlers will stick her in our faces until we can't stand the sight of her.
Among the triumphantly glowing faces in the alien classroom was that of Bruce Monrad, the finest young linguist in our school at the time.
There are coy captions: "Was this the face that launched a thousand subpoenas?"
The real outrage is directed at a big-deal journalist (Jada Pinkett Smith) who dogs Beth, insisting that the way to free Lewis is to take her campaign to the media--a move Beth fears will fix the Malaysians' resolve to keep from losing face.
There is much maundering in The Face about the face of the Mona Lisa , the face of Jesus, the face of God.
But far more typical was the Time reviewer, Richard Corliss, who gushed: "the junk dealer Watto is a little masterpiece of design: cinnamon stubble on his corrugated face, chipped rocks for teeth, the raspy voice of Brando's Godfather speaking Turkish."
He opens an Oreo, holds it to his face, and slides his teeth along the cream while raking his opponent with invisible bullets.
One was the lingering Victorian belief that face painting was for hussies.
c) Persisted in the face of ridicule and humiliation.
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright when confronted on Face the Nation with the charge that the bombing had backfired.
But the NYT points out the dilemma the Republicans face if they respond by simply ideologically souping up, with this quote from a conservative Florida congressman: "We've got to reach out and have more than Southern white males running the Washington Republican Party."
Instead of a mask he sometimes had a tortilla plastered on his face, wore buffalo horns and a horsetail, and of course carried the whip.
The solution was to tie makeup to the freedoms women were beginning to enjoy: The "New Woman" who worked in the city or went to college or just thought of herself as modern needed and deserved a new face for the world, just as she needed and deserved the right to work and vote.
Melfi sees patients in a roadside motel, and when Tony finally tracks her down in a diner, she spits in his face: "Fuck you!"
Unmade Beds , Nicholas Barker's " 'real life' feature film," has proudly worn its mongrel status as a "directed" documentary of single life in the big city, employing, in the face of criticism, what amounts to a cackling-punk defiance.
(Reno didn't seem to receive any special treatment on Face the Nation , where she appeared Sunday.)
The only real entrepreneurs were the Jews, who were forced either to embrace Christianity or face expulsion.
Street theater, face painting, and hands-on art shows will keep up their enthusiasm and interest.
A white-haired man with olive skin and tattered clothes limped into Met Food and panhandled the clerk, one I recognized, her face mild and familiar as bread.
Bush himself couldn't utter these words with a straight face.
On CBS's Face the Nation , Gov.
The true face of the alliterative compassionate conservatism?
Wednesday, he went on Nightline , and maintained with a straight face that he never intended to drag in Jones' sexual history.
"It's because he's determined that we have to be determined as well," NATO spokesman Jamie Shea argued on Late Edition . On Face the Nation , host Bob Schieffer skeptically asked Defense Secretary William Cohen, "How long are you prepared to do this?"
During the summer festival season, children will be fascinated by the street theater, clowns, face painting, and temporary tattooing.
Running a positive campaign, he argues, "doesn't mean I'm going to stand like this forever and let someone slap my face."
Herbert Stein's "On Being a Jew" reveals more about Stein's survival tactics in the face of anti-Semitism than it does about the centrality of the Jewish experience.
The mailers who shift from the basic category to the workshare category face an unbalanced situation with respect to user cost.
The companies realized they had to do better or face marketplace consequences, so they set out to hire more minorities.
Her face was red and her lipstick was off."
Many television series face this quandary, of course; how they respond is one measure of their merit.
This regulatory genomic response of the enterocyte would result in an increase in the brush border membrane content of CaT1 calcium influx channels that could function as a gatekeeper mechanism to augment the rate of calcium entry across the apical membrane [ 9 ] . However, given that there is a Ca-dependent negative feedback mechanism to limit calcium entry through the channel by maintaining the channel in the closed position [ 14 15 ] there must be a way to remove calcium from the vicinity of the cytosolic face of the channel to optimize and sustain calcium influx rates.
Then my clothes were dryand awfully hot and I held my face to a hot dry towel.I wanted to live--to live enough; but to live all day--the sunburn and the gravitation--but my father was stillreading.
Mr. Connerly stared right in the face of a "hard question" and made an honorable choice, don't you think?
Home in Black Mountain a chile' will smack yo' face;
This in the face of much Puerto Rican sentiment against the continued operation of the base, which has been particularly strong since April, when one Puerto Rican guard was killed by a stray bomb from a Marine jet.
In the context of the book, Wickedly Funny must be interpreted as meaning cynical, bitter, sarcastic, though when it comes to people like Phyllis Diller, who is more vulgarly tragic (or tragically vulgar) than funny, it must include self-deprecating comments (Old age is when the liver spots show through your gloves; My plastic surgeon told me my face looked like a bouquet of elbows).
According to the Enquirer 's plastic surgery consultant, Dr. Jerome Craft of Palm Beach, Fla., TV news anchorman Peter Jennings had his face pulled a "bit tight, giving his eyes a slightly Oriental look."
Newsweek 's cover story on Slobodan Milosevic, "The Face of Evil," recites the now familiar story of how he co-opted Serb nationalism to fuel his own rise to power.
Clarke's live-in boyfriend, Evan Sarver, 30, a Web designer, who sits naked, his face just inches from hers."
A writer explores his own brain through magnetic resonance imaging, finding the physical locations for his ability to speak Italian, his recognition of familiar faces, and his storytelling ability.
Let's face it.
While Ted Koppel speculated about whether the president considered oral sex to be sex and Newsweek reported the possible existence of a semen-stained dress, the tabloid cover stories on the newsstands were: Jerry Springer ( Star ), JonBenet Ramsey ( Globe ), and Michael Jackson ( National Enquirer ). The big question this week was: Could the tabs reclaim their territory--the depravity and hypocrisy of the celebrated--in the face of the onslaught from the respectable press?
(1960-2075) 41 Figure 1.8:Social Security Trust Fund Faces Insolvency in 2038
Slavery was a system under which slaveholders were “wringing their bread from the sweat of other men’s faces.”
Indonesia watchers at the IMF believe that this "civilian face/military fist" strategy can succeed in Indonesia so long as the military remains united.
Painting a harrowing portrait of the age-ravaged face, she wrote, "Mr.
Not improper on its face, it leads to embarrassing moments when people yell Jim as I walk away, not even suspecting they are talking to me.
Once she is picked up and seated in the car, or on the horse, she shows her face to her victim.
Some binding loops (A, B and C) are present on the - face while the remaining loops (D and E) are present on the + face.
The important thing is that they recognize a face they have seen on TV.
And as you search for your ball in the fraoch, keep that fraoch off your face; and though you feel like eschewing your bootlaces, be careful what kind of fraochan you are eating.
If you’re coming from Kyoto or Osaka, the train or bus connections bring you to the Fujino-miya trail, on the south face.
Recently, Buchanan yelled at CBS's Bob Schieffer on Face the Nation for asking about a passage in A Republic, Not an Empire in which he bemoans the alleged power of the Israeli lobby.
There always seems to be plenty of it, along with the chance to study the faces of his characters, even when there's not a great deal going on in them.
six-winged: two to fly with,in back; two at the face to withstandthe impossible winds thatare God;
And if you do have to show Starr, just show the back of his ear, not his face.
Paltrow, as ever, is inhumanly gorgeous, like some Close Encounters of the Third Kind creature, with that elongated neck and those stringy limbs, that big face with its faintly mocking beatitude.
After a lightning victory over the ill-prepared French armies, the Germans marched on Paris and laid siege to the city, which finally capitulated in January 1871 in the face of dwindling food supplies.
The piece then inadvertently throws dirt on the face of director Barry Levinson by crediting his hit "Wag the Dog" to James L. Brooks.
Lovesick Teen: A "photo analysis" page (part of a site called Cary's Crap) examines shots from the CNN tape of Lewinsky and Clinton's postelection hug, noting the "ecstasy look on Monica's face" as she and the president embrace--"Here Monica is obviously giving the President the 'Fuck Me' stare.
Federal and Nonfederal Entities Face Similar Risks and Rely on Similar Technologies
My mountain belly and my rocky face,
This deliciously backhanded phrase--an allusion to Czechoslovakia's "socialism with a human face," which was crushed by Soviet tanks in 1968--conveyed three corrosive messages: that conservatism lacked compassion to begin with, that conservatives couldn't tolerate compassion, and that for this reason, conservatism, like socialism, was doomed.
The question of whether Dan Quayle was, in fact, significantly denser than a lot of other politicians (I'd argue he was only somewhat denser) became irrelevant in the face of an entertaining cliché.
Look at your face! was another classic retort that greeted you even when there wasn't a mirror to hand, along with: Can't you see how dirty the back of your neck is? or What's that on your back?
It is said that women who wash their face in the basin will look ten years younger.
4) "I was never informed that my face on the air gave me responsibility for a major story."
Traces remain of older parts of the temple carved out of the cliff face, a natural aggregate of volcanic debris which quickly wears away — the pebbly beach here is the result.
There's much to be said for the tone of comic-book violence: "He buried his triangular face like the blade of a hatchet in her neck."
Repeating visuals flow fast and furious--a shot of an empty classroom; of someone donning graduation robes; of the empty classroom; of the faces in the library; of the robes.
In an interview with the British youth magazine the Face , supermodel Kate Moss revealed that she hadn't walked sober down the runway for 10 years.
The new religion soon cemented national solidarity in the face of more barbarian invasions, this time by the Franks.
Pollock, by comparison, is a splash of cold water on the face.
, face, construct and criterion), although important, provide information which does not directly answer the question, "Does the procedure (i.e.
That exciting aperçu occurred to me in the course of reading The Face and The Hand , two books that otherwise brought me unremitting boredom.
The rock face on the left of the path is carved in a series of scenes about 25 m (82 ft) long.
Therefore, a simple model that accounts for the footprint data is the assembly of multiple NarL-phosphate molecules onto one face of the DNA that somehow protect the minor groove from hydroxyl radical attack [ 28 29 30 ] . In an alternative model, NarL binds only at the three proposed NarL heptamer consensus sites spaced at 20 bp intervals within the dmsA regulatory region (Figure 4).
That Chapman considers search-and-rescue services and accident investigation a "subsidy" for general aviation is absurd on the face of it.
Structural analysis shows that the side chain of Val29 approaches the faces of both A-4 and A-10 in their respective binding pockets.
Two suggestive findings are that sleeping on soft bedding and sleeping face down both increase a baby's risk of sudden death.
Face it: He just doesn't seem hungry."
While ludicrous on the face of it, there have been less likely government heroes.
Zelon works to ensure that her misdemeanor court is a relatively welcoming place for the defendants she comes face to face with on a daily basis.
In the face of this opposition, Republicans played the molester card.
The Washington Post leads with the House GOP's partial capitulation on "patient rights" legislation: In the face of more sweeping legislation sponsored by Democrats, the House leadership reversed position and wrote an alternative bill giving patients the right to sue their HMOs.
They're on your screen and in your face, these icons, chattering relentlessly about success, shoes, hot dogs, shoes, pop, phones, shoes, shoes ...
The city almost bursts at the seams as up to 500,000 visitors arrive, vying for street space with performers, clowns, face painters, and numerous small craft markets.
The New Yorker 's Terrence Rafferty breaks with the consensus to pan Face/Off, calling it too serious.
The government also warned the City University of New York and the Mount Sinai School of Medicine to clean up their safety procedures or face shutdowns of their federally financed human research.
"I don't care about dropping any more bridges into the Danube River," Buchanan fumed on Face the Nation . "I don't know how that helps those people" in Kosovo.
From the safety of a TV studio, Donaldson's ready to have (someone else) pay any price, face any foe.
A doctor said photographers had been snapping pictures "a few centimeters from her face."
The methyl groups of the Thr59's approach the faces of both A-4 and A-10, and this may help provide a hydrophobic environment for the bases.
A beautiful and easy hike goes out to Mirror Meadow, tucked in underneath the vertical northwest face of Half Dome.
These were a development from the fayum paintings that covered the face of the dead in the sarcophagi of Egyptian mummies.
My memory is a powerful machine that stores and constantly discharges lost years and faces.
"Your freedom to use your fist stops at the edge of my face" is a recognition of the universal duties of forbearance that lie at the heart of the libertarian code.
Elevating such people to "gifted" status puts a nice face on their hypocrisy and does very little to improve America's expectations of its politics or government.
will squinny his eyes, raise his chin, lift an eyebrow, and curl his lip slightly--his face seems to be involved in a somewhat painful, quasi-involuntary struggle to prevent itself from erupting into a broad, self-satisfied smile.
Today's Papers has taken a liking to "PHL Gem Dandy," the Chilean female with the cute inky-black face, described as "suitable for use as a companion" and "very docile/willing."
Using the program Modeller [ 26 ] , a homology model of the catalytic domain of Ppt1p was built based on three PP1 structures - PDB http://www.pdb.org [ 27 ] codes 1FJM [ 28 ] , 1IT6 [ 29 ] and 1JK7 [ 30 ] . This model shows that the catalytic face of Ppt1p is generally less acidic than that of PP1c γ and does not indicate the presence of other acidic residues that could act in the same fashion as those on PP1c γ.
Book -- Man Without a Face: The Autobiography of Communism's Greatest Spymaster , by Markus Wolf with Anne McElvoy;
4) The cool North Face logo and jacket cut will impress your gearhead friends more than the budget Campmor logo and cut.
Learning how to make contact with the pad (and not, say, the face of the person holding it) was important.
In the example shown, a sansserif face, the x-height of the characters is quite large; in different faces, the x-height to cap-height ratio varies, as does the small-cap height.
… Right now, a supporter of yours is running attack ads morphing Bill Clinton's face into mine.
This curious aspect is further explained in these terms: “lest Speaker lose face by offending Hearer's sensibilities” [p.
(How serious people's faces have become.)
Hong Kong would have to draw heavily on its own reserves and on those of China to support the market in the face of selling by currency speculators."
But let's face it: It fits a pattern.
In order to address the access barriers that face rural and isolated communities and enhance communication between and among the three programs, the programs have developed highly sophisticated video-conferencing capability.
lawsuits" in the face of incivility, spurns "the gentler, freer, extralegal system of etiquette."
the international operations in Bosnia and Kosovo face severe obstacles to achieving
But there are other, better ways of transmitting the official White House line, contend Ann McDaniel (CBS's Face the Nation ) and George Stephanopoulos (ABC's This Week ). Stephanopoulos argues that the White House would not needlessly admit the existence of presidential love gifts, thereby undermining the Story of the Seventh Commandment that it is peddling.
D23 and E32 contribute to the negative face identified by Zhang et al .
The types of quantitative validity studies can be distinguished as follows: face validity; construct validity, criterion validity and content validity.
And it's probably unsporting to take a movie like Face/Off to task for issues of verisimilitude.
Dickey marched over to the dugout and punched the offender in the face, earning a month's suspension and a thousand-buck fine.
Wednesday, Democratic senators called it an unconstitutional Republican scheme to "save face," "embarrass the president," and appease "an element of their constituency that wants conviction."
Acheson's face brightened.
When they watched these films alone, the Japanese and the Americans had similar, distressed expressions on their faces.
In contrast, cells in a tumor growing in a host tissue environment face conditions with more limited nutrients and oxygen and are subjected to or benefit from a wide variety of host factors.
Most of the benign mutations are located on the front or back of the FtsZ subunit, i.e., the faces corresponding to the outside or inside of the microtubule (Fig.
One of Quine's central claims is "that our statements about the external world face the tribunal of sense experience not individually but only as a corporate body".
And she, her back to him, seems only what she shows as she bends over, reaching between her splayed legsto pick it up, her face a moment upside down beneath her crotch, her pink tongue flickering levelwith the face she watches watching her, the face void
But, let's face it, a disproportionate number of visitors just want to see Archie Bunker's chair.
And here's where the "foregone conclusion" looks a little less foregone, primarily because both OPEC and non-member countries, such as Mexico and Norway, have shown restraint in the face of rising prices.
Now, the white lines' dot and dash makes my hand less steady on the wheel, the stoplight glimmers a shade too red-- the faith I've never felt in the day to day haunts me like some imp-winged demon in a Bosch painting, its infantile, red-bawling face staring accusingly into my eyes as if it dared to fly beyond the gilt frame, hectoring, hovering, sluggish wings buzzing like the winter-hatched fly stumbling spastic against the dashboard dials, its frail internal compass somehow gone haywire overridden by spurts and shocks.
Nearly everyone agrees today that the Vietnam War was unwinnable and was needlessly prolonged so America could save face.
Weakened capillaries may not function optimally in the face of elevated IOP resulting in some degree of retinal ischemia that exacerbates retinal cell death.
Second, cellulites seem to be waving some part of their good fortune in my face.
This volte face gave rise to the so-called Brutalist style, which had a worldwide influence, shaping the work of architects as dissimilar as James Stirling and Paul Rudolph, and ultimately opening the door to Postmodern stylistic experiments such as Charles Moore’s little house in the Berkeley hills.
Face but preface, but efface,
Some binding loops (A, B and C) are present on the - face while the remaining loops (D and E) are present on the + face.
I venture to say that there is hardly anything more soporific than being given the meanings of expressions that every native speaker knows quite intimately, from do an about face to yours truly (in this book).
"Let's face it, the pathologies are severe in these areas," Jackson said.
6. "Rite-Aid, whose stock price has been crushed in recent months because of concerns about accounting irregularities , announced Thursday that long-time auditor KPMG had resigned as its accountants because it could not rely on Rite-Aid's management to provide accurate numbers . Let's face it.
His Indiana Pacers face the Chicago Bulls in the Eastern Conference Finals in what could be Jordan's final season.
"But what did stay in sharp focus were the faces and voices of the people who came to the door or stopped me on the street to tell me they had known my father.
pistols leather riding gloves sold in the prison commissary, sometime worn during prison fist fights in order to scar an opponent's face.
When the camera lingers on Mrs. Dalloway's daughter, Elizabeth (Katie Carr), as she sits on the top of a double-decker bus, the girl's face is blank and the moment empty of meaning.
And the House-Senate divide on impeachment matters is put on sharp display in a "Face the Nation" remark by Sen.
"He's now differed with [congressional Republicans] on one little detail," Gore said on Face the Nation . "If he really wants to try to break with them, he ought to endorse our health-care Patients' Bill of Rights.
Yeah, but Bill Moyers never did a show where he had some of his butt cells transplanted into his face.
Mount Batur went into an active phase in August 1994, blowing huge puffs of smoke and rocky debris from a new vent on its northwest face.
Four strategies have been advanced for improving the practices of retail pharmacies in developing countries: information, persuasion, incentives and coercion [ 13 ] . To date, very few interventions to change retailer behaviours through persuasion (or any other means) have been systematically introduced and evaluated [ 14 ] . One intervention for pharmacy attendants in Kenya and Indonesia, called "face to face educational outreach," resulted in significant short-term improvements in diarrhoeal product sales and communication with customers on diarrhoea treatment [ 15 ] . Other studies have indicated that job aids tailored to the needs of the target audience can positively affect performance [ 16 ] .
Now, a royal example of how to decline a gift: The WP Style "Names and Faces" column reports that Auckland University's Injury Prevention Centre donated a pair of panties to Queen Elizabeth.
Led by Louis Riel, Métis descendants of Indians and French fur traders waged an armed struggle for land rights on the Red River in the face of the expansion-hungry railway builders.
Samples were collected on 37 mm diameter 0.4-μm pore diameter polycarbonate membrane filters (Whatman Nucleopore Filtration Products, Clifton, New Jersey) in closed face polystyrene cassettes (Millipore, Bedford, Massachusetts) at 4 liters per minute (l/min) using sampling pumps in acoustic foam insulated boxes.
For example, spinal vertebral joint motion palpation tests, which aim to detect the presence of hypomobility, have face validity because they seem to be reasonable measures of the concept they are intended to measure [ 33 ] . Face validity studies have been criticized for being subjective, intuitive and unsubstantiated.
Two men stand face to face with their arms wrapped around each other’s body, hands clasped tightly together behind the other’s back.
EdTV takes off from the increasingly less outlandish idea that a cable network might, in the face of declining ratings, decide to have its cameras traipse around after an "ordinary" person 24 hours a day--a scenario somewhat different from last year's The Truman Show , in which the cameras were hidden, the universe manufactured, and the TV protagonist unwitting.
Then one morning a couple of years ago, there was a blast from a shotgun very near the house, and Eddy came running home with blood pouring from his face and side.
As Krishna, he is usually depicted with a blue face, an after-effect of swallowing a poison that threatened the world, and is often represented playing a flute or sporting with the milkmaids he seduced.
Saga , Boutros-Ghali asserts that the wily secretary of state sought to unseat him "with determination, letting pass no opportunity to demolish my authority and tarnish my image all the while showing a serene face, wearing a friendly smile and repeating expressions of friendships and admiration through the poutiest ruby lips I have ever beheld.
Those dreading a standard-issue, musty Miss Havisham will be delighted by this flamboyantly posturing, pantsuit-clad crone with her face cream and "chica-boom" slang.
Now, I'm a dyed-in-the-wool, freedom o'speech kind of guy, and it takes more than visceral disagreement to make me want a particular point of view erased from the face of the earth, or at least legally required to keep away from me.
Representatives of the Justice Department, the FAA, local police departments, and major airports had microphones in their faces whenever they showed themselves.
William Hague, the Tory leader, has egg all over his face.
Our Office has recently performed work relating to this area including "Health Insurance Portability: Reform Could Ensure Continued Coverage for up to 25 Million Americans" (HEHS-95-257), "Private Health Insurance: Millions Relying on Individual Market Face Cost and Coverage Trade-offs" (HEHS-97-8), and "Health Insurance Regulation: Varying State Requirements Affect Cost of Insurance" (HEHS-96-161).
He could not shake the dread feeling that he and all the others who had been involved in those projects were sitting on a bomb that, sooner or later, would explode in their faces.
Tip: Don't call him "The Torch" to his face.
She trembled as he caressed her, and she moved with new, intense passion as she saw him arouse himself, his face distorted in a mask of sheer lust.
Meanwhile, the pundits scoff at the trial balloon reported on the CBS Evening News Friday night and semisourced to the White House: Clinton and Lewinsky only played kissy face.
And there's plenty of fuzzy stuff--a shot of a child playing with fluffy white pigeons; of a fiercely bespectacled towhead whooshing down a slide; of a happy, freckles-and-ice-cream-spattered face.
Seagal pounds his pretty face into a mushy pulp--just for fun.
The face is left to do its work alone.
There is almost never a single subject in the frame, and as soon as the eye picks out a face or an object as the thematic center of the composition, another face, or another object, suddenly displaces it, and the center moves off someplace else.
And there were the much more profound moments that come from finally committing to a person for the rest of your life--looking into each other's eyes as you are promising to love and cherish one another, the joy radiating from the sea of faces of loved ones who had traveled from near and far to share in the event, the rush of happiness as their glasses clinked in a unified toast to our shared lives that lay ahead with so much possibility.
but what's interesting about the deal is the way it flies in the face of traditional L.A. sports-team wisdom, which holds that any team in this showbiz-savvy market needs stars--marquee players--to attract attention.
"I think Sally had a face lift" is not such an example.
Nothing but grinning faces.
But Fukuyama, in the Weekly Standard , says that the Rolling Stone editor is correct to "criticiz[e] the tendency of many to throw up their hands in the face of the global economic juggernaut and become politically passive in the face of its economic imperatives."
Let's face it--they're not so little anymore.
This is low-tech inventiveness at its best" (Desson Howe, the Washington Post ). BWP is "the new face of movie horror" (Peter Travers, Rolling Stone ), and it ends with "as heart-stopping a climax as any the genre has seen in years" (Jay Carr, the Boston Globe ). The Los Angeles Times ' Kevin Thomas demurs, knocking it as "a clever, entertaining stunt, no more, no less," but Joe Morgenstern (the Wall Street Journal ) advises, "Don't see this ingenious first feature if you believe in ghosts."
This suspension of seriousness in the face of officially serious issues, such as life and death, permits an individual to feel free and detached.
But most special, however, was this passage: "A pie in the face, it's Soupy Sales stuff," said Andrew Smith, who teaches culinary history at the New School for Social Research."
In one group on Hudson Bay, males became mumiqatigiik or dancing partners, a friendship solemnized ritualistically when two buddies hit each other very hard on the face and shoulders, exchanged gifts, and danced together until exhausted.
In fact, a maximum of distrust prevails between the parties, and no man in such a position could prudently take the words of the other at their face value.
House Judiciary Committee Chairman Henry Hyde appeared on Face the Nation (CBS), Late Edition (CNN), and This Week With Sam and Cokie (ABC) to advance the cause of impeachment--by fielding and deflecting questions about how his committee would entertain such proceedings against the president.
But behind the pretty face lurks, well, a bore.
Uncanny ability to keep a straight face while saying "Mr.
There is much maundering in The Face about the face of the Mona Lisa , the face of Jesus, the face of God.
However, Clinton would risk legislative revenge if he tried to pursue the issue in the face of firm majorities against him in Congress.
This rubber products company employs as many as 1100 people over three shifts and makes over 3000 rubber specialty products including windshield wipers, copier toner blades, golf grips and respirator face pieces.
Many Papua New Guineans can look at the face of another Papua New Guinean--on the street or in a picture book--and tell you which part of the country that person is from.
Wilde scholars note his sex scandal is curiously evocative of Clinton's: A spectacular public figure denies sexual indiscretion (in the face of overwhelming evidence) rather than risk challenging conventional morality.
Mint is in a good business: It can cut and stamp a piece of metal and sell it for the face value of the coin.
The Base Estimate is based on our current interpretation of the scientific and economic literature; its judgments regarding the best available data, models, and modeling methodologies; and the assumptions it considers most appropriate to adopt in the face of important uncertainties.
Readers of Plato's Symposium , for example, may recall Aristophanes' absurd myth of creation: men and women were originally egglike creatures with eight limbs, and one head but two faces.
It's certainly more entertaining than anything in Primary Colors . In the film's first scene, Nichols holds for a long time on a black man telling the sad story of his illiteracy--the director rubbing your face in the man's nobility.
Somehow this girl's massive bangle made her genial face seem masked, slightly--but distinctly--dehumanized.
On the face of it, this seems at odds with our and other groups' data demonstrating considerable variation in gene expression - our r -values being in the 0.65-0.
"If I am running a show to get Clinton off, I want the grand jury totally focused on this man's face, his honesty, his sadness of having to do this.
Blumenthal's face has been everywhere in the last week, and he is clearly enjoying his moment in the limelight, building valuable name recognition for the day when he decides whether to run for governor or senator.
Meryl Streep and Renée Zellweger as a mother and daughter forced to reconcile in the face of grave illness earn praise in this "East Coast yuppie Terms of Endearment " (Stephen Holden, the New York Times ). The film is based on a novel by Anna Quindlen and, though small, is said to be emotionally powerful.
In Japan, the daily Mainichi Shimbun condemned India in an editorial Thursday for "foolish actions, which go against the universal desire to wipe such weapons of mass destruction from the face of the Earth."
In short, he is more comfortable in a room of black faces than any American president before him.
Face It
There are also hair and eyebrow charts and a sketch of a face upon which you draw birthmarks, moles, and freckles.
Mount Sinai has drawn pilgrims for generations and it was endowed with a Christian place of worship as early as a.d. 527, when Emperor Justinian built a small orthodox monastery in the lea of the mountain surrounded by sheer rock faces.
158 is filled with a statue of the reclining Buddha, the face unusually peaceful and godly when seen from the far left.
Her profile is high enough that the publisher felt justified in putting her face on the cover of her new book, which is titled Release 2.0 . (Dyson says that the paperback edition, when it comes out, will be called Release 2.1 . Cute.)
She constantly embellishes her stories and everyday conversation with nonsensical, made-up whimsy that she expects people to take at face value.
"A presidency under criminal investigation that keeps its mouth shut in the face of serious public accusations tramples the symbol into the mud and has no more value.
In group A, at time point 3 versus time point 2, in the face of a slight and not significant increase in cardiac index, we observed a significant increase in the stroke volume index ( P < 0.003), the RVEDVI ( P < 0.008) and the RVESVI ( P < 0.006).
It's not too surprising that they would each assume prominent roles as public faces of the insurgent class.
The paper printed a letter Monday from exiled King Kigeli V of Rwanda, who wrote from Falls Church, Va., that Clinton "must accept primary responsibility" for the world's inaction in the face of the genocide in his country.
Let's face it, people like Hitler took their "survival of the fittest" theory out of hand and the result was far from pretty.
The show is positively lousy with long, lingering, dreamy shots of Kanakaredes' face.
Malden does this with its Powerstretch fabrics, available in The North Face's Aurora vest, among other products.
Right away, you saw the notorious smirk cross Bush's face.
They only have to remember to let enough of their face show and not to let the hat flatten them on top, so that their full-sized, shapely head and speaking eyes will support the hat's dashing impact, and the hat itself won't appear to jam a lid on the body's expressive means.
But next, we see the reason: Gramps is wearing mom's "face" as a mask, a disguise that deceives even the dog, who does a double take and scampers away when shushed.
To the book's initial audience of Ivy Leaguers, this idea seemed valid on its face.
Far from being the perfect furnace of heaven, it has a face covered with celestial zits.
Do you remember how wonderful and how proud you felt in 1980 when the young United States Hockey Team beat the powerful Soviet Team 4-3, and then went on to beat Finland 4-2 for the gold; the sight of Jim Craig skating around the arena with the American Flag draped across his back, tears of joy streaming down his face, looking for his father in the crowd; or in 1984 when 16 year old Mary Lou Retton, needing a 9.95 in her final event to tie for first place in the all around Gymnastics competition, vaulted her way to the gold by scoring a perfect 10?
Barcelona used the 1888 Universal Exposition as an open house to show the world its new face.
John McCain, R-Ariz. ( Face the Nation ), comparing the situation to "the movie Groundhog Day : We wake up every morning and Saddam is sticking his thumb in our eye."
On the face of it, one might dismiss this question as just so much rubbish and wonder how people of the intelligence of M&S could possibly have come to frame it.
Charles Rangel, D-N.Y., and Rahm Emanuel complain of Starr's "slash-and-burn tactics" (Rangel, Face the Nation ) and his "innuendo, rumor, lies, and leaks" (Emanuel, PBS's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ). Clinton aide Paul Begala is asked seven times by the persistent Tim Russert (NBC's Meet the Press ) why the president has yet to give a full account of his dealings with Monica Lewinsky.
So did his doughy face, blond feathered hair, and beaky nose.
The WP's "Names and Faces" column reports that Monica Lewinsky would like to launch her own lipstick line and recently tested the staying power of various lipsticks.
The nominal interest equals the nominal amount (face amount) of the direct loans times the stated interest rate (the rate stated in the loan agreements).
On Tuesday, the daily Yediot Aharanot quoted Barak saying in a private meeting that the events in Iran could change the face of the Middle East in a "revolutionary" manner and might already have an impact on his government's peace negotiations with Syria.
An "insider" told the Enquirer that Hillary also "stormed into her closet, grabbed a dress, threw it in Bill's face and screamed, 'Is this like the dress you gave her--the one she says she's kept as a souvenir of the affair?
He lied up until the bitter end, even in the face of damning evidence.
I was quickly panting and my face turned a deep fuchsia.
She might even want to be loved for falling on her face.
The picture used by both USAT and the Post has him looking positively exuberant, making what looks like a peace sign with each hand, although, let's face it, at that age, it's probably bunny ears.
Women eagerly embraced the idea that changing their faces would change their social status.
The actor is still sleek, but the touch of crepe paper around his face has eliminated the plastic, department-store-mannequin look that Remington Steele exploited so shrewdly.
What the psychologists found was that participants told to do nothing more than put on a happy face developed a significantly more positive mood than those told to adopt a neutral expression.
Blithe investors toss millions at the Web out of the conviction that it will subsume the other media, change the face of capitalism, and generate billion-dollar payouts.
The Evening Standard said in an editorial that "having an image like this pushed in one's face makes it a bit harder to keep the stardust sparkling in the prospect of a live televised fairy-tale wedding at Windsor next month."
Recently Bill Gates received a pie in the face from what I assume were self-proclaimed enemies.
That the emotional climax of Kubrick's last movie is Tom Cruise screwing up his face and feigning a tragic awareness while a piano goes plink ...
the blood drains from their faces."
I will assume for argument's sake that the author is not blatantly anti-Semitic, but is only trying to outline the theories put forward over the centuries which account for the survival of the Jewish people in the face of hundreds of years of persecution.
Slightly convergent flow would seem to allow the maximum number of reliable classifications in the face of a noisy environment.
A key purpose of the 1980 Act was to strengthen GAO«s ability to obtain access to records in the face of opposition by agencies including the White House.
As a young woman with serious curves on a trim frame, I, myself, have had to deal with the issue of my gazongas and my pretty face in a professional manner.
USA Today , the Los Angeles Times and the New York Times lead with Slobodan Milosevic's promise to withdraw his forces from Kosovo in the face of threatened NATO airstrikes.
Under the headline "The Return of Super Bill," commentator Gabriele Romagnoli wrote, "Caesar climbed the steps of the Capitol, entered the hall of his judges, looked everyone in the face (including a few Brutuses), and then, great showman that he is, smiled; and in a 77 minute one man show he conquered the theatre (98 ovations) and the public (6 percent rise in his popularity)."
But Pearce makes Exley a stuck-up, repressed little prig who issues orders wearing an all-purpose smirk on his rigidly chiseled face.
The LAT says that "Schroeder's policies differ little from those of Kohl--and his election expressed a hunger for a new face more than a new direction."
These are a system of tunnels blasted through the inside of the rock face during the Great Siege of the late 18th century.
Stalin's face juxtaposed with Lenin's bier in a 1939 photomontage can be imagined as mourning only by an effort of will; he is sidelit, vampiric, sinister--but then Stalin rarely fails to look sinister in photographs, and this is not merely a matter of the viewer's preconceptions.
More importantly, I remember that professors like Dr. Gass and Dr. Cook also taught us to persevere in the face of occasional failures and instilled in us the confidence to tackle complicated-sounding subjects -- subjects which might be difficult to learn, but which could yield great rewards.
Because this is the problem: In the face of our postwar, retail, mobile, corporate culture, democracy is not only a seemingly ineffectual anodyne to social blight; it becomes a part of the problem.
19 And these downward expenditure trends occurred in the face of growth in the average number of outerwear garments consumed per capita: from 14.
And the intellectual elites who once defended standards have proved all too willing to go silent in the face of deviant behavior like Newt Gingrich's affair with a staffer.
An NYT front-pager reports that, in the face of violent protests, Indonesia's president delayed signing a law concerning the military's emergency powers.
A foreign ministry official attempted to save face by claiming, "There is no reason to feel belittled because I don't think, for example, France has played a major role, either."
Both loops have been identified on the complementary face of the binding site of the nAChR.
But now the head of Fannie Mae is the most prominent public face of Brookings.
Now, said Mark Shields ( Face the Nation ), we have a president who endorses contradictory initiatives like teen curfew and midnight basketball.
If there was a bit of Fuller in Leonardo, there was also a bit of Liberace in this theatrical, high-living dandy who favored brocade doublets and bad boys with pretty faces.
Face it, Andrew: as ideology,family values rule, left, right and center!
A huge unfinished obelisk lies prone but not free from the face.
Buildings as pleasing as the 17th-century town hall face the large oblong plaza where shoppers, businessmen, and tourists take time out for coffee in the fresh air.
Why have a face to face conversation when you can exist as a disembodied voice on their remote answering service?
This demonstrates a man who is fighting with all of his might to make honorable decisions, face down personal demons and accept a mantle of responsibility he really doesn't want to assume-the Presidency.
By the expression on his face I knew for sure I had blundered the syntax this time.
But young Americans aren't as helpless in the face of the tobacco-industry juggernaut as the Clintonites would like to imagine: Black teen-agers are already hitting the president's goals.
On Face the Nation , Gary Bauer derides George W. Bush for "trying to get the Democratic nomination" by attacking "good Republican conservatives" on Capitol Hill.
Canal tours reveal a less grand but more intimate face of Paris on the way from the center to Parc de la Villette (see page 72) in the northeastern outskirts.
Bob Schieffer (CBS's Face the Nation ) pronounces the White House's savaging of Starr "an all-out attack."
And even if you take his explanation at face value, why would Paxon rule out seeking elective office ever again, even after his daughter was in college?
Face/Off
These residues line the perimeter of the K46 face.
The Anxious face re-election in 2000.
The twin fire-doors wheezed shut behind two girls.His face deepened to a face I've cometo think of, on other faces, as ancient, accepting.
Safire castigates the Department of Justice for being obtuse in the face of this evidence and urges the Senate to step up its investigative efforts to fill the void because "a widespread, criminal conspiracy to violate Federal election laws stares the nation in the face."
Apparently, Mr. Wheeler was under the impression that rubbing one's face with lemon juice rendered it invisible to videotape cameras.
It generally appears alone, but sometimes it is associated with headache; flushing; erythematous rash over the face, neck and upper torso (the so-called 'red man' syndrome); hypotension; and broncospasm [ 4, 13, 14, 15].
Sheehy's Hillary longs to be given the same free pass--to have hers be yet another uplifting tale of growth in the face of personal suffering.
Where is the face sleekened by cheek bones transplanted from a high-school cheerleader kidnapped off the streets of Wichita, Kan.?
Tasmanian English, then, presents an interesting face to the outside world, partly the face of a genuine regional dialect nurtured by the stability and comparative isolation of its population, and partly a construct of the tourist industry, which harnesses both the new and the old to create a viable contemporary image.
Robert Duvall, uniquely, has a face that manages to be both granitelike and plastic.
In South Texas she is called La Vieja Blanca, the old lady in white, and she acts as a siren, enticing men, but when they get a look at her face, they see her hideous white skull instead.
She now makes a fetish of falling on her face.
There is almost never a single subject in the frame, and as soon as the eye picks out a face or an object as the thematic center of the composition, another face, or another object, suddenly displaces it, and the center moves off someplace else.
Getting your face mashed into someone's armpit was de rigueur .
About this time, too, wet rice cultivation was introduced to Bali, changing the face of the countryside to its present appearance of rice paddy fields and terraces.
"If I could talk face to face with the pilot who dropped the bomb," Kim said during her remarkable appearance in Washington, "I would tell him we cannot change history, but we should try to do good things for the present.
If you persist in foisting a candidate on the nation in the face of such doubts, it's a little much to cry "betrayal" later.
"The challenge facing Barak in the face of this euphoria is the danger of unrealistic expectations," says Tom Smerling, director of the Israel Policy Forum's Washington office.
But immediately upon arriving to do so, he was set upon by a crowd in front of his store and hit in the face.
Male readers will know what cat's hair is (or was--older men remembering it from long ago) down on the face of youths before the beard grows.
Movie -- Face/Off ;
About Face!
At the annual celebration of the Moors and Christians fiesta, for example, you’ll be astonished by the colourful costumes and lively faces.
With "compassionate conservatism," he, too, is banking on a sense that the public wants to think of itself as generous again now: generous, caring, altruistic and--yes, let's face it--liberal.
Thomas Friedman (CBS's Face the Nation and PBS's Washington Week in Review ) argues the reverse: Clinton fears that Annan will come back with an imperfect offer that, for political reasons, the United States cannot refuse.
The LAT alone highlights Starr's sole concession in the face of all this: that perhaps when requesting from Janet Reno expansion of his charge into Jones-related matters, he should have informed her of the discussions he'd previously had with Jones' lawyers.
I think about that story often; it helps me to stay calm in the face of crisis, to remain hopeful in times of depression, and to resist the pull of fatalism and pessimism.
On Face the Nation , panelist Gloria Borger asked McCain, "The entire Senate leadership [is] against you.
so like my father's face quizzical, half-angry, pinched by death; and then, at the end, grown grave, calm ...
Thus, palpatory vertebral motion diagnostic tests are prime examples of tests accepted on face validity.
As an example of one kind of difficulty that translators face, Coindreau cited the title of Faulkner's The Unvanquished and asked, “Is it plural or singular?
On CNN, Mike McCurry predicted that "right-wing Republicans" in Congress wouldn't take kindly to George W. Bush's "conservatism with a compassionate face."
Bleached so blond that he looks like an irradiated android, Pitt expels all expression from his face and all tone from his voice.
On Face the Nation , political consultant Ralph Reed went further, calling the scandal Al Gore's "albatross" because "he acted as an advocate for a president who 73 percent of the American people believe committed perjury and only 24 percent think is honest and trustworthy."
He is also good with faces, particularly male faces.
Actually, paying $100,000 for face time with Princess Di may not have been a foolish investment for a magazine so dependent on peddling her image.
And then, on the next page, the napalm victim's face stops us dead.
This excuse usually appears in the form of a corporate press release, because nobody can keep a straight face when it's spoken out loud.
As such, he was hardly Dawn's type--can you imagine her mouthing Marxian jargon with any sort of straight face?
Japan is a country where the intriguing, the exotic, and the utterly baffling are commonplace, where little can be taken at face value.
Gates is just "putting a new face on the company"-a "kinder, gentler look"-to cleanse Microsoft's corporate image and soften up the DOJ.
There was now a risk, Riotta added, that the Europeans would see only this "sad face" and forget the millions of "respectable Americans" more interested in debating issues than in oral sex.
The Face made me cringe a lot.
In this realm are several undisputed classics: cutting off your nose despite your face is quite popular, as is the gloomy reflection It's a doggy-dog world.
Is it possible that he completely misunderstood what Brian Arthur was saying--that the whole business about the seminar at Harvard where nobody would accept increasing returns, about the lonely struggle of Arthur in the face of ideological rigidity, even the quotation from Arthur about economists being unwilling to consider the possibility of imperfect markets because of the Cold War (give me a break!)
If children see what heroin use is really like--not the somewhat benign face Stevenson puts on it--they won't use this deadly drug.
It is, convincingly, a face from hell.
These are the sources of the ruptures with the past we all face.
Like The New Yorker . Or Cher's original face.
As they dug through the remains, the tombs of several kings were discovered; each skeleton lay where it had been carefully buried, the faces covered in a mask of pure gold.
One may call it masochism, or self-denigration, or self-hatred, but it's a good thing all the same that she dares, at last, to look herself in the face.
She's "not just another pretty face"--and she could make the Holy Trinity a Holy Quartet.
Nixon: Let's face it.
Early on, he lets his face and posture go slack and his eyes blurry.
Sections (6 μm) were cut from both faces of bisected tissues and stained with hematoxylin and eosin.
"There's no way to put a smiley face on it."
Modelers face similar challenges when
Unfortunately, he didn’t leave us his name, so his face is hidden deep inside the cowl of his monk’s-style robe; he is referred to, simply, as Anonymous.
Despite having skipped the straw poll, McCain was invited onto Face the Nation and Fox News Sunday to discuss it.
Since the mid-1940s, when he went to Paris to capture the revitalization of French couture--a moment captured in Stanley Donen's 1957 film Funny Face , for which Avedon served as visual consultant, and in which Fred Astaire plays a fey, charming photographer named Dick Avery--Avedon has produced a staggering corpus of fashion and commercial photography.
Later Thoenes was found lying face down behind a gutted Becora house, "his notebook lying just in front, his body battered and apparently mutilated."
One is quoted as calling it "a slap in the face of the House."
Punks face a dilemma: If they stay underground, they can't support themselves and they're miserable; if they get popular, they've sold out and will be both self-loathing and rejected by fans.
These cells included those within the olfactory epithelium and throughout the mesenchyme as well as axonal tracts within the developing face, including the olfactory nerve (figure 3, panel A).
Outside town, on the main Valencia highway, the Monasterio de Santa Verónica (Saint Veronica’s Monastery) attracts about 15,000 pilgrims and a good many hawkers during the annual May celebration of the Santa Faz (Holy Face).
Moonwalk, air slide, clowns on stilts, and face painting.
At first, she feels like "female goods in a dick-driven market," but a few weeks later finds her smoother, younger face a source of pleasure and confidence.
Kate is a character whose face you should want to scrutinize for hints of a larger awareness, but I found it hard to look at Streep, who's always busy radiating virtue.
I do know that a couple of mornings with the Mach 3 has just about wiped the smirk off my face.
The Wall Street Journal points out that Clinton was similarly forthright regarding China's trade policies, noting that he said right to Jiang's face, "Just as China can compete freely and fairly in America, so our goods and services should be able to compete freely and fairly in China."
I liked her as a person and admired her gutsiness--her willingness to work without a net, to throw herself headlong into a part even if it meant falling a great distance onto her face.
But in the face of considerable public pressure, Monsanto has agreed to stop developing infertile seeds.
Conversely, who remembers the bass clef lines and spaces (with, respectively, the insipid “ G reat B ig D ogs F ight A nimals” and “ A ll C ars E at G as” )? The treble clef lines are only a bit more memorable (“ E very G ood B oy D oes F ine” or “ E very G rizzly B ear D igs F igs” ); its spaces' notes, at least, crisply spell face . Who knows how many musical aspirations have been dashed against the bass clef, for want of adequate mnemonics?
She had mild contractures of elbows and knees, a long face with deep-set eyes, bilateral iridodonesis and high-grade myopia.
stammer of heart the naive tend to, in the face of what finally is only the world.
Appearing on CBS's Face the Nation , Pat Buchanan says nothing new but sounds more bitter than ever.
Among other things, GAO serves as the independent auditor of the largest, most diverse and most important entity on the face of the earth - the U.S.
But the main problems the mob faces are only getting worse.
When they're running with the wind in their faces and the sun on their backs.
But there is no anticipation of sanctuary to be found in their faces.
Congress kept the number of INS agents static in the face of the overwhelming problem.
The WP reports that for now, the administration is, in the face of the latest Iraqi provocation--the blocking of a U.N. weapons search led by an American, William Scott Ritter--opting for a cautious diplomatic path aimed at orchestrating a condemnation from the U.N.
For decades, the Republican Party preached military strength in the face of foreign expansionism.
No longer was putting on one's face seen as a matter of individuality, dignity, or even racial advancement (moving to Northern cities in the Great Migration of the 1930s, '40s, and '50s, many former sharecroppers saw applying cosmetics as a step toward participating in the wider American culture).
This is especially true in Washington, which Heller lampooned in Good As Gold , one of his minor novels (let's face it, aside from Catch-22 , they were all minor).
If you decide to continue, as I hope you will, you will be joining over 500,000 of the most concerned, interesting, and informed people on the face of this struggling Earth.
Other new techniques include the use of computer animation to construct images of faces, based on surviving jawbones and teeth, as well as information gleaned from DNA about hair color.
A "non-neutralizing" face has been identified where binding Abs generally do not neutralize HIV when gp120 is oligomerized [ 45, 47]; these data were interpreted as indicating that the non-neutralizing face is occluded in the trimer and that binding Abs are raised against shed gp120 monomers.
Basic premises: Clinton's reckless, repeated adultery weakens essential moral codes; his betrayal of vows and his lies undermine public trust; his use of legal chicanery to duck ethical responsibility is cowardly and grotesque; the public's silence in the face of this is a capitulation, "moral disarmament"; and America, which has always believed that politicians' moral behavior matters, must start judging Clinton's character.
On Face the Nation , Chairman Fred Thompson fended off Bob Schieffer's suggestion that the president might be guilty of obstructing justice.
First, using inside-out recording configuration, spontaneous single channel activities were more prominent when there was no ATP in bath solution (intracellular face), and recorded currents were very sensitive to bath-applied tolbutamide (0.
And Avedon's book exposes a number of scars, both physical and spiritual: the disfigured face of a napalmed Vietnamese woman, the sores on a leper's fingerless hand, the bent, swollen nose of a tired, defeated-looking Abbie Hoffman.
5%) and face (1.
There are only a lot of faces, all inscrutable, but differently inscrutable.
He turned his face to the wall, telling me I was a cold fish--because I would not sex around with him.
A POW expert told NBC that those who were spreading the rumors had "spit in the face of every Vietnam veteran."
Last year, more than 33,000 defendants posted bail and then skipped their court date . Most bail-jumpers face charges on drug-related crimes, violent offenses, or theft.
One can imagine combat roles for women that wouldn't fly in the face of human nature.
"I came to carry out the struggle, not to kill people," he says, a look of melancholy shadowing his face.
Nonetheless, Greenspan was surprisingly interesting on subjects like European hostility to genetically modified food and the persistent anxiety that many American workers feel in the face of technological change.
And Duvall's Sonny is both in our face and yet tantalizingly out of reach, infantile and of amazing stature.
Art historians employ a unit of beauty, the helen , derived from words addressed to Helen of Troy in the Marlowe play Dr. Faustus : "Is this the face that launched a thousand ships, and burned the topless towers of Ilium?"
What we get instead is a trip in the sand: Jooky in hand, a volleyball player falls flat on his face.
On the other hand, leptin inhibits hypothalamic AGRP mRNA [ 4 ] , yet AGRP mRNA was nevertheless elevated in the face of elevated insulin and leptin.
The LAT runs its front-page Cunanan story under a big FBI "Wanted" flier with a slash marked "Found Dead" running across the suspected murderer's face.
Above all: She's big in the face.
By contrast, genuine enthusiasm greeted the unfolding Bruce Babbitt story, as Gigot and Bob Schieffer (CBS's Face the Nation ) both predicted that Babbitt's Supreme Court ambitions would be ruined by accusations that he had blocked a casino license for an Indian tribe at the behest of another tribe that had given money to the Democrats.
Her face beamed with adoration as she explored his body, her tongue licking him slowly as she moved ever closer to his sword of love (Lewinsky, Pages 12-24; see also Linda Tripp tape transcripts, Pages 11-34).
His face scanned the bland emptiness of the full sky.
There's desperation on his face.
Roth resents having to go to the opera, having to make arrangements for Bloom's mother's funeral, and (less unreasonably) having to deal with Bloom's nervousness in the face of illness.
The movie uses her open Asian face to make the French faces seem neurotic and devious: Hers is like a clear pool next to their rather pinched visages.
Without offering an answer, it said that both Israelis and American Jews face identity problems, though of different kinds.
But whatever the outcome, the spot artfully--and literally--puts the best face on a tough sale.
Michael Beschloss ( Face the Nation ) linked Washington's lost vitality to the end of the imperial presidency, while other Face the Nation yakkers (Bob Schieffer, Stephen Carter, and Ellen Goodman) pinned it on politicians and the presidents who have failed to frame our pressing problems (race, Social Security insolvency, women's issues) in political terms.
Since Hirshberg's shop produced many of those loser designs, it's odd that he even kept his job, much less wound up as Nissan's public face.
With the green glens of Antrim just a short hop across the water, this might not, on the face of it, seem so surprising.
From Kawaguchi, you take a local bus to Go-gome (“Fifth Station”) on the north face, to start the five-hour hike to the summit.
He'd pull a yellow clipping from his wallet,and while you read it he stared in your face.The other students scanned the clipping, nodded,smiled as best they could, and gave it backto the pudgy, sweaty boy, who grinned at themexpectantly.
(1961), currently placed as a sort of triumphal entryway to the southeast corner of Central Park, demonstrates the unsettling possibilities of tetrahedral shapes, where the triangular faces have a dynamic lightness lacking in rectangularly based structures.
So was I,squinting into the warm darkness in which they stirredas if to the bottom of a moonlit pool,as if what should surface nonetheless was a gun in my face.They got back with a can of gas so fastthe whole event took about the time of a Howard Johnson hamburger,and probably less time than a Howard Johnson hamburger off a lifein which it's almost impossiblenot to feel blessed.
On Face the Nation , Bob Schieffer had just finished telling McCain that he didn't think his letters to the FCC on behalf of contributors were scandalous, when McCain delivered an answer designed to warm every liberal journalist's heart--especially coming on the heels of Bush's pusillanimous kowtowing on the issue in the South Carolina GOP debate.
A patient narrates her face lift.
Dan Burton said on CBS' "Face the Nation" that he thinks some of the fund-raising videotapes may have been "altered in some way," that Sen.
It is unknown if lerisetron utilizes amino acids on the principal face although none have been identified.
In the second quad, the colossal pillars of the Widener Library face across the green to the Memorial Church, which has an elegant white spire peeping out above the foliage.
Jamaicans can definitely be “in your face. ”
"Corpus Christi has all the power of a slap across the face with a limp lettuce leaf" (Jennifer Harper, the Washington Times ). Contrary to expectations, the play is neither lascivious nor particularly blasphemous.
While the host tribe’s houses were emptied of everything except bare essentials, the guests would depart knowing that in a year or two they would have to reciprocate if they were not to lose face.
It quoted a British government source as saying there is "no threat to the Bill and Tony relationship" but that Britain wants NATO "to get a move on" and "face up to the decision."
On Face the Nation , Erving conceded that he had never played against Bradley and knew little about him until this year.
Among the dozens of appropriated motifs that swim in and out of the later work of Jasper Johns, whose career is the subject of a curatorially brilliant retrospective at the Museum of Modern Art, is the face of the Mona Lisa . The reference is not to Leonardo.
But when you run into such things in real life, head-on and with no warning, there is really no remedy: all you can do is face the inevitable with whatever fortitude you can summon.
They know so many white people that they classify them by other traits--such as shape of the face, hair color, body shape.
Arrested between thought and action, Gandolfini still bears traces of childlike befuddlement in his doughy face; he can't begin to figure out why the foundations of his world have become so illusory.
Bartiromo, in short, has been anointed the new face of the new boom in business news.
Of course, a layer of burnt cork smeared over the face does not a new identity make.
Subunits are composed of 2 faces (+ and -) with the + face of one subunit forming one side of the binding site and the - face of another subunit forming the complimentary side.
The sensual essence of the movies used to be the human face; now it's just light and sound.
Both the NYT and LAT fronts report that the French Roman Catholic Church apologized yesterday to the Jewish people for its silence in the face of French collaboration with the Holocaust.
"Something about your face makes me want to tell the truth."
Many of the other articles (such as a Versace dress that uses Warhol's Marilyn Monroe face) never even belonged to the artist and serve only to make tendentious points about art and fashion.
Italy’s two halves come face to face in Turin, where Fiat’s automobile factories have for generations attracted thousands of workers from the Mezzogiorno.
Now, 12 years later, the aviation pioneer is picking cactus spines out of his face, the latest casualty of the world's most pointless competition.
For example, spinal vertebral joint motion palpation tests, which aim to detect the presence of hypomobility, have face validity because they seem to be reasonable measures of the concept they are intended to measure [ 33 ] . Face validity studies have been criticized for being subjective, intuitive and unsubstantiated.
JEvTrace parent trace analysis, which relies on tracing the conservation of the progenitor sequences of a single selected node (Figure 3a), identified a number of neutral polar and hydrophobic amino acids conserved in the YbaK subclade on the conserved lysine face of YbaK (Figure 3a, top).
Liberals who used to spend most of their time being annoyed at Clinton have rallied around him in the face of a common enemy, realizing that a crumbling presidency would leave them in the worst possible shape to face the 1998 election.
In the face of continual dilution, the constitutive production of the IL-1Ra gene product was able to maintain effective protein levels and was able to sustain and increase protection of the HSFs from IL-1 stimulation as time progressed.
Steven Kull, director of the University of Maryland's Program on International Policy Attitudes, points to his own studies and a recent RAND study showing that from World War II through Bosnia, public support for bellicose action often surges in the face of U.S. casualties.
The Wu-Tang Clan has entered the "stagnant hip-hop scene like a slap in the face, parading its strikingly original gutter funk like a ghetto peacock" (Matt Diehl, Entertainment Weekly ). Critics admire the group's eclectic influences--including funk, flamenco, and psychedelic--and its lyrics, "as dense, obsessed, prolific and full of popular and arcane references as a Pynchon novel" (Neil Strauss, the New York Times ). (Clips are available here.)
A yawning gap in the lineup of military officers; a face that failed to match the body attached to it; a face whose shading did not match that of the faces on either side; an elbow marooned in space, bereft of other body parts--such things could just pass for evidence of ineptitude.
The introspection that this process entails flies in the face of everything we know and cherish about gangster movies.
The New York Times leads with a story about how managed care health providers in California, who now cover more than half the state's population, face a state government review and many possible legislative reforms, all arising from widespread patient dissatisfaction with their rules.
But let's face it, much of Christian history is bloody awful.
His eloquence, his calm in the face of danger, his small-town-Ohio decency, his boyish freckles--they canonized him.
More importantly, her assertion that the audience is unclear about Cagney's true state of mind at the end of Angels With Dirty Faces is just plain wrong.
Another story chronicles the struggles that Washingtonians face when it comes time to sign their little darlings up for summer day camps.
Thousands of low-income residents throughout the San Fernando Valley face exploitation in the workplace -- overtime without pay, long hours without breaks, earnings below the minimum wage.
The successful implementation of the OSCE at our medical school is relevant to all medical schools that face the logistical challenges posed by multiple sites and preceptors for student training in physical diagnosis.
But on this third day of latkes, many of us awoke to find that our faces haven't been this splotchy since our bar mitzvahs.
The dialogue moves ahead--there are great gobs of exposition--but the images continually double back: to Stamp and Lesley Ann Warren, as his daughter's acting teacher, simply gazing at each other; or to Stamp sitting on a plane, remembering his daughter as a girl on the beach, the lens of his home movie camera creating an eerily bright--almost supernatural--spot that dances over her face.
Re the extraordinary and articulate article "Give It Back to the Injuns": If only we Oklahomans were less genially mediocre, we'd probably be more appreciative of your ability to slap the faces of so many different groups of Oklahomans all at the same time and in such a charming way.
It merely allows a woman to go to the doctor without someone screaming in her face.
"Isn't it nice," said a radiant Bob Schieffer (CBS's Face the Nation ), that the weekend's biggest problem was how to handle the extraordinary good news of a budget surplus?
Put this together with the new mobility of capital--the ability of companies to move their manufacturing facilities wherever the costs are lowest--and you have the ingredients for an international race to the bottom in wages and social benefits, as companies seek to cut costs in the face of this overcapacity and heightened competition for markets.
Artaud was clearly an excellent draftsman but, as he notes, "you must look at [the drawings] and see what's inside ." He also writes that "the human face is an empty force, a field of death," and that the alignment of form and content has never been farther off than in the contrast between facial features and what lies beneath them.
However, doubts linger as to whether the market can maintain its course in the face of the global economic crisis.
The company at first tried to claim that this was because the Tibetan leader's face is not well-known in the region--until confronted with the information that polls show 80 percent of Hong Kong residents are familiar with him.
An astute politician, Yeltsin recognizes the sad face of America and seizes the opportunity to appear as a wise elder statesman."
His good face seemed to pop out of the tight-necked green smock.
Nothing but paying ever ploughs such lines in a man's face, ever set his lips as such a melancholy angle."
Clinton's concern about possibly killing 10,000 Iraqis (a "medium case scenario") in the face of Iraq's overture won out.
But on CBS's Face the Nation Clinton-hating Rep. Dan Burton, R-Ind., supports Freeh; and on Late Edition Republicans Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah and former Attorney General Dick Thornburgh also back Freeh, a Clinton appointee.
What renders a face truly soul-bewitching?
The stars, having allowed themselves to be interviewed on the way in and broadcast on giant screens to the crowds in the streets below, floated past in their bubbles of protective personnel so quickly that Culturebox never saw their faces.
An 11 mm tube was installed in the face of each cubicle.
"We have ignited the very human rights catastrophe the war was started to avoid," declared Pat Buchanan on Face the Nation . Columnist Arianna Huffington compared Kosovo to Waco, arguing that just as Clinton's actions six years ago "precipitated" the murder-suicides by the Branch Davidian cult in Waco, Texas, his intervention in Kosovo "has unwittingly produced one of the great humanitarian catastrophes of the 20 th century."
Kids today face overwhelming pressures, everything from trouble at home to gangs and drugs.
If true, this is an ironic name for a city that would become one of the most constantly and bitterly embattled places on the face of the earth.
Finally, turning to her toilet, she rested her face in her hands, and gave a sort of groan.”
 
 
It is a trite thought, I know, but our hands and our faces come very close to being our selves--our "higher" selves, at least (our lower ones reposing in some oafish organs in the gut and below).
The heir apparent was a two-year-old prince, Puyi — hardly the leader the dynasty and the nation needed in the face of civil disorder and foreign threats.
But some faces are even more pleasing than the average face.
In the long run, however, dictionary reviews probably serve no function: in the face of the relatively overwhelming funds at the disposal of some publishers to promote their books, reviews fail to dissuade people from buying bad dictionaries; such a small percentage of the dictionary-buying public attend to reviews that their effect is slight even when favourable; finally, the value of a dictionary to an individual can be tested only over long use, which even the wisest reviewer cannot anticipate.
a trout) by tickling its underbelly' (which is actually easier than it sounds); and gurn, girn , is incorrectly defined as “to snarl, to show the teeth in anger”: it really means `to make faces.
"The strong US public support for NATO's intervention could weaken in the face of indecisiveness," it said.
These residues are likely to reside on the same face of the protein if a coiled-coil structure is assumed.
Exactly what is "soft focus" about the bank teller who gets shot full in the face or Gene Hackman's agonizing death throes or Bonnie and Clyde 's final, staccato "dance of death"?
You could see this realization dawning on Barbara Walters' grave face.
Attorneys general face political conflicts every day--whether to bring cases against enemies, associates, friends, even relatives of members of the administration.
The list includes: When the financial markets yawn in the face of bad news, when yields on emerging market bonds go down, when inflation jitters return, when commodity prices rise, when emerging nations start importing more, and when Japan's economy starts to expand again.
The TV lights were still in Joyner-Kersee's face, the face that had been buried in the track less than an hour before.
But her fans--the primarily female, vaguely cerebral, post-boomer listeners like me who made her band Hole's album Live Through This go platinum (that is, sell 1 million copies)--admired Courtney in the face of evidence that she was something of a trial.
In addition, notes the Journal , creating a huge full-service financial edifice flies in the face of the trend toward discount brokerage firms and cheap on-line trading.
The views from the summit 426 m (396 ft) up are spectacular, particularly across the strait to Morocco, along the coast toward Estepona, and down the sheer east face of the Rock to the water holding areas (for desalination) and the beaches of Sandy Bay, Catalan Bay, and Eastern Beach.
The holiday's emphasis on self-reliance and military strength in the face of persecution dovetailed with the themes of nationalists seeking to establish a Jewish state.
At first, she feels like "female goods in a dick-driven market," but a few weeks later finds her smoother, younger face a source of pleasure and confidence.
In other words, the reader needs to wonder, would Moore be making these arguments if he didn't desperately need them to try to save face?
Face Answer
This week, he recycles the same suit and bow tie and evasions on Face the Nation and Meet the Press . He chiefly concerns himself with abusing archenemy Kenneth Starr, though Tim Russert chastens him by reading back a series of quotations that document how, not too long ago, the lawyer was a professed member of the Ken Starr Fan Club.
The heart begins to coil and blood flows on to the dorsal face of the yolk sac.
The liberal view of Reed is that he's the Christian right's zealot in chief, a devil with a cherub's face.
The WP cites both the "new face" and unemployment angles.
(Brock appeared on both Face the Nation and Meet the Press as part of his Apology Tour '98.)
Equivalents are printed in bold face.
The basic creditor country preference is for a kind of Turkish solution, a secular state with a civilian face, support for free-market policies, and a pro-Western, if unaccountable, military.
The hose doesn't work, then it does, then it squirts somebody in the face.
Our faces are fur-less and exposed to the world so that they can be read.
Instead, when it comes to particulars, we have everybody quoting the comment of a woman whose Secret Service agent husband was killed in the Oklahoma blast: "It was a slap in the face."
Dobson's face appeared on the cover of U.S.
Instead, the circumspect first lady is said to have sent various doctors "high resolution photos taken of her face from different angles" in order to get their opinions.
Home in Black Mountain a chile' will smack yo' face;
Hints: Go for the big money, because no one will ever disrespect you for it; consider trading fringe benefits for vacation time; and beware of companies who hire you on a contract basis--contractors face tax disadvantages.
At an earlier period, this same adventurous philosopher briefly affected the softly stubbled face, and still earlier the quarter-inch-long haircut then uncommon even at the margins, except in military school.
Is there anything less cinematic than a lengthy swatch of voice-over prose recited straight from the pages of a 75-year-old novel with the camera yoked to an actress's face?
The stability of heart rate in face of a reduction in systemic vascular resistance in group A patients renders possible an influence of preoperative β-blocker therapy on haemodynamic compensation.
They lauded him for presenting a "picture" of (Gloria Borger on Face the Nation ) and a "window" on (Tom Oliphant on NewsHour and Juan Williams on Fox News Sunday ) standard-issue Washington corruption.
The Turkish Daily News quoted British Prime Minister Tony Blair as bizarrely describing the EU communiqué on Turkey as "[a] way for Europe not to turn its back, but its face to Turkey," and an unnamed EU spokeswoman as saying, even more bizarrely: "If this was a fair world, Turks would have been rejoicing in Ankara."
This may have a placebo effect [ 47 ] . In addition, its effectiveness may be explained by the observation that cool air moving across the patient's face (eg, from compressed air by nasal prongs, or from a fan) may provide equal relief due to the stimulation of the V2 branch of the fifth cranial nerve [ 48 ] .
For a start, the actors' faces are so much less interesting than the mythic, totem-pole visages in Judge's cartoons.
Nearby, behind a screened window, is the Seto (White) Bhairav, a gold-lacquered face through which beer spurts for scrambling devotees during Indra Jatra.
Clearly, the first seems to call for “a model,” for the name, surrounded by punctuation becomes less significant; also, in that sequence the reader is not boxed into the corner of obligation where he must stand, face to the wall, if unaware of who this “in” personage might be.
When you look into the faces of Rose Kennedy or Henry Kissinger you see souls emptied by the pursuit of power.
Sugar cropping, destined to change the face and fate of the Caribbean, began booming as early as the 1640s.
Then the counterpoint, the explicit projection of the young woman's company as the harbinger of hope: It is helping over 1 million women, and she, its human face, is tireless in her effort to find a drug that will enable a woman to "climb stairs without fear, stand a little taller."
P.S.: I'm easy Cullen, anytime you want to have a face to face conversation, just give me a call.
When the cave mouth was rediscovered in 1923, the huge face carved around it was mistaken for an elephant’s head and the name has stuck.
The angel weeps as the spot opens, tears of rain apparently coursing down a soft-featured face.
A home page may be a group's face to the world, but opening it still feels like getting to eavesdrop on a conversation.
The years seem to melt from Mandela's creased face and his eyes light up . . ." Love is indeed wonderful.
That's what happened on Face the Nation , where Gore campaign manager Donna Brazile accused Bradley of endangering "African-Americans and all other minorities and Hispanics" by trying to "eliminate Medicaid."
( Then look upon him with a big goofy grin on your face and sing him a medley of Cole Porter tunes.
Both Bill Clinton and Tony Blair are comparatively young (and make a lot of it); suffused with energy and conviction; and superbly effective on television, in front of a crowd, or face to face.
It is all but impossible to retain critical equanimity in the face of such things, especially when we know that what Wilkomirksi/Doesseker tells us, was, in its rougher outlines, true.
On Meet the Press , Face the Nation , and Late Edition , she boasted that she had cracked "the top three."
The other day, I felt obscurely pained to see a pretty girl on the subway with a big silver ring in the middle of her face, hanging from a hole in the central partition of her nose.
She has no face; what the men see is a skull.
while others, including women and children, scratched at Jim's face.
To see a range of faces with central nose rings, see the piercing gallery at Body Modification E-zine or the zine itself.
Staring at our face in the mirror, as The Face author points out, "we become first and third person at once, viewer and viewed.
Their plaintiff is "upbeat" (ABC's This Week With Sam and Cokie ) and "the rule of law is alive and well" (CBS's Face the Nation ). With the president's men falling silent (a deliberate strategy, said George Stephanopoulos on This Week ), the liberal pundits made the case against Jones: She has become a "pitiful pawn" (Al Hunt, CNN's Capital Gang ) of the wacko right, who are "making hay" (Steve Roberts, CNN's Late Edition ) and "diminishing the presidency" (Mark Shields, NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ) by dredging up Clinton's dirty laundry.
Tradition says that a woman wiped the sweaty, bloody face of Jesus here and an imprint was left on the cloth.
The tabloid Daily Mirror surrounded this with the smiling faces of the leading participants in the peace settlement under the headline "Smile!
Although Jackson's conclusions are "mostly solid," the Times writes, his conclusion that Microsoft's integration of its browser into Windows provides no technical efficiency or consumer benefit is weak--especially because it flies in the face of an appeals court ruling last year.
Let your children have their portraits done — street artists can be found in Plaka — or their faces painted.
The organizations we studied were striving to manage the same types of risks that face federal agencies.
If the city bustle and noise become tiresome, or you simply cannot face another religious site, try a week in the south (Eilat) or in the north (Galilee and Golan).
Because slang is up front and sometimes deliberately in your face language, we can learn more about how people really feel about computers by examining slang rather than jargon.
One possibility is that the MIDAS site serves to attach protein ligands through a mechanism involving participation of a glutamate or aspartate residue on the ligand in the coordination of a Mg 2+ion at the MIDAS site of midasin, in a manner similar to that by which the MIDAS site in integrin I-domains appears to mediate attachment of collagen through the glutamate in the GFOGER binding motif [ 36 ] . Interestingly, the related RGE ligand-binding motif [ 41 ] occurs in a conserved region of the midasin AAA-domain (yeast, residues 1835-1838), as well as in the AAA-domain of Mg chelatases [ 32 ] . The presence of this consensus binding motif in the AAA domain raises the possibility of the midasin molecule folding back onto itself, with the M-domain becoming attached to one face of the AAA domain and perhaps regulating access to its central chamber, in a manner analogous to that in which the 19S proteasome regulator, also an AAA protein, controls access to the central proteolytic chamber of the proteasome [ 42 ] .
For any womman smal and fayre of face.
The stunt half-works, at least until he's supposed to undergo an inner transformation and acquire human emotions--whereupon his face remains just as blank.
South Park abounds in screamingly campy parodies, from the opening ensemble to Terrance and Phillip's peppy rap duet "Shut Your Fucking Face, Uncle-Fucker" to the principal's exhortation to substitute "bum," "poo," and the phlegmatic "M'kay" for, respectively, "ass," "shit," and "fuck" while leading a Busby Berkeley-ish dance line.
This lack of LSC action on the alien representation issue occurred in the face of vigorous LSC audits and scrutiny of the recipient's practices.
Considering residues with less prominent scores (gray, blue, cyan, yellow), the size of the epitope identified by JEvTrace increases considerably and encompasses nearly half of the K46 face (Figure 3b, top).
Presence of any of the following seven features, without an alternative cause, was required for satisfaction of the confirmatory criteria: ratio of partial arterial oxygen tension to inspired fractional oxygen below 280 (intubated) or 40% face mask in use (nonintubated); arterial pH below 7.30; urine output below 30 ml/h; systolic blood pressure below 90 mmHg or a fall in systolic blood pressure by more than 40 mmHg sustained for 2 hours despite fluid challenge; systemic vascular resistance below 800 dynes·s/cm 5; prothrombin time or partial thromboplastin time greater than normal or platelets below 100.
I recall a college dean who was addressed as Dean Greene to his face.
It is certainly worth a passing mention that Nicolas Cage gets shot in the same arm in both Face/Off and Con Air , though neither wound interferes with his ability to hang from firetruck ladders or leap from speeding boats.
ABC is certainly doing its best to put a smiling face on its recent woes.
If the face has been getting longer at the bottom over the generations, it has been getting shorter (and broader) on top.
On the face of it, that's strange.
4. YOUNG GEORGE W. DRANK HEAVILY, STRANGLED MONKEY Describing a troubled phase of his early life that he says ultimately brought him to Jesus, the Texas governor recalled a weekend binge that ended with the corpse of Pepe, a rhesus monkey at the Houston Zoo, floating face down in ...
But, another historian observes,"in the face of a clear warning, alert measures bowed " to routine.
Manson, whose given name is Brian Warner, cakes his face with alabaster makeup and wears androgynous, ragged leather clothes.
QUASI's findings may be consistent with the existence of gaps in the carbohydrate groups thought to mask the silent face from gp120 from immune surveillance.
The assaults on plausibility began in the first frames of Con Air , as Nicolas Cage's character returned home from Operation Desert Storm in a tugboat, and did not subside until Sam Neill mutated into some kind of space devil at the end of Event Horizon , whereupon his face inexplicably broke out in a crosshatched design that made him look like a slab of grilled ahi tuna.
Abort Face
Unfortunately, in the face of the universal solvent of hipness, how you answer those questions seems to matter less than how you respond to this one: "So, do you have the 35-inch-wide legs or don't you?"
