Sherry learned through our Future Works class that she could rise out of the mire of the welfare system and support her family.
"You can earn the money to support yourself and your family," she says.
The families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms of a house to live in, money to purchase food -- without food stamps -- and the beginning of a family focused on success, not hopelessness.
The families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms of a house to live in, money to purchase food -- without food stamps -- and the beginning of a family focused on success, not hopelessness.
Very few have family support to get them started.
Because Pleasant Run is the only "family" for so many, our Emancipation Fund is one way we can help a young person take the first steps into his or her new life as an independent and productive adult.
Families are being torn apart, and too often, children are the victims.
and John H., a recovering alcoholic, rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again.
Today, we serve children and families with a multitude of problems: emotional, physical, psychological and sexual abuse.
Some come from families where, through therapy, there is hope for reunification.
For others, "families" are the counselors are housemates at the group homes where they live.
In 1994 Pleasant Run served 346 children and 125 families.
In 1995 we will serve over 850 children and 340 families.
The children and families who come to Pleasant Run are given the opportunity to become happy, loving, and productive members of our society.
For Pleasant Run to continue to serve abused and neglected children and their families, we need your support.
Your gift will give children and families hope for improved tomorrows.
In spite of that, Pleasant Run Children's Homes, with the help of hundreds of volunteers and others who really care, continues to make a significant impact on the futures of families and kids in need of help.
whether it's for therapeutic help in their own homes (which nurtures whole families), through foster care families or in the familial surroundings of our residential homes.
whether it's for therapeutic help in their own homes (which nurtures whole families), through foster care families or in the familial surroundings of our residential homes.
The holiday season is the time of year when we're all busy buying gifts, baking goodies, decorating our homes and making arrangements to be with family and friends.
Pleasant Run cares for at-risk children and families.
Today we are asking you to take a few minutes to consider making a contribution to Pleasant Run to help the 1,500 children families we care for.
Others are from families that are struggling to provide a healthy, happy environment but don't have the resources to make it possible.
It may help a family stay together.
A gift means a family will have a holiday meal, cooking utensils to prepare the meal and dishes to serve it on.
Let our families and children know that you want them to have the same kinds of memories of the holidays you will have.
We wish you and your family a new year full of joy and love.
At Pleasant Run, Inc. we are making plans and arrangements for our children and families.
Every year we seek companies, organizations and individuals to sponsor one or more of our families.
These families are participants in our community-based programs.
These programs focus on keeping the family together by providing counseling and other services to the entire family.
These programs focus on keeping the family together by providing counseling and other services to the entire family.
After our caseworkers meet with these families and their children they often find they lack even the basic necessities such as cooking utensils, beds, cleaning supplies, etc.
But, the holiday season is a particularly difficult time for these families.
We are asking you to consider sponsoring one of our families for this holiday season.
We would like to have families matched with sponsors non later than xxxx.
Thank you for considering this opportunity to make this a memorable holiday season for a family in need.
The only fund raising event in the world where you can bring your entire family, other employees, or maybe even your neighbors.
A fund raiser dedicated to you and your family having fun!
The Jameson Grill has been designed to be nothing but fun for you, your family, employees, and maybe even your neighbors.
The camp offers summer residential programs for children from ages 7-17, and continues contact with the campers and their families with special overnight and weekend follow-up events during the school year.
Many of the children have learning disabilities, behavioral problems, or come from economically distressed families.
This event is designed to be fun for campers, their families, friends of the camp, neighbors, staff, and anyone interested in finding out more about Jameson.
Many more camper referrals are coming from new organizations such as school social-workers and family counseling agencies.
It seems summer options aren't readily available for troubled kids whose families have limited incomes, so we're doing all we can to make Jameson available.
In 1998, we served a total of 31,484 low-income individuals through job training and placement assistance, youth and senior programming, family counseling, emergency assistance, and much more.
The Summer Enrichment Program will conclude with a celebration that includes family and friends.
This is exactly what happened in 1997 when Community Centers of Indianapolis provided its comprehensive, neighborhood-based services to individuals and families all over Marion County.
HIPPY (Home Instructional Program for Preschool Youngsters) for families.
Better yet, most of these services occur in cooperation with private and public agencies from all over the city - CICOA The Access Network, Goodwill Industries, Indianapolis Housing Agency, City of Indianapolis, Indianapolis Private Industry Council, Family and Social Services administration, OTC, Indy Parks, and numerous community development corporations, neighborhood organizations, and churches, to name just a few.
Participants in the Youth Outcomes Educational Initiative identified three goals for all our youth to obtain: economic self-sufficiency, healthy family, social relationships, and involvement in the community.
Youth who are supported and encouraged by both a family and a society that values Them have a much greater likelihood of becoming productive and contributing members of adult society.
Your contribution will enable us to both continue and expand the good work we have begun in making Indianapolis a city famous for its commitment to youth and families.
The results of an 18-month study completed by Public/Private Ventures showed that children participating in one-to-one Big Sister and Big Brother matches for just one year, reduced first time drug use by 46%; lowered school absenteeism by 52%; cut aggressive behavior by 33%; enhanced school performance; and improved relations with family and friends.

We must be able to reach all youth and families interested in values-based programs.
I now invite you to continue to support the mission and the message that is so important to building strong kids, strong families and strong communities.
Both reveal that Tony Blair had conferred with Diana about a goodwill ambassador job shortly before her death, and USAT reports that Le Figaro says a dying Diana gave two crash witnesses a message for her family and children.
Ashcroft ordered all special interest immigration hearings closed to the public, family members, and press; directed government attorneys to seek denial of bond until such time as they were "cleared" of terrorist connections by the FBI and other agencies; and ordered the identity of the detainees kept secret.
The Hasmonean dynasty, descendants of the Maccabee family, ruled an independent Jewish Commonwealth that stretched from the Negev to the Galilee.
After the initial years of Roman administration and political infighting, Rome installed Herod (scion of a family from Idumea, a Jewish kingdom in the desert) as King of Judea.
Jews were evacuated from the Old City’s Jewish Quarter, and thousands of Arab families fled their homes in West Jerusalem.
One rapidly runs out of hands and must resort to fingers and toes, for after years of laboriously categorizing these languages, the number of different main branches (called families and subfamilies) came to about ten.
Ingeniously, certain differences between families were explained by various phonetic shifts that (inexplicably) took place in one language group but not in another.
Although certain other languages were geographically nearby, it was impossible to establish any resemblances between them, hence Basque, for example, is not classified as being in the same family with other European languages, nor are Hungarian and Finnish, both of which belong to their own group.
The languages discussed here are what are usually called the Indo-European family; similar family trees could be drawn for the Semitic languages, Sino-Tibetan, Japanese, Bantu, Malayo-Polynesian, and so on.
The languages discussed here are what are usually called the Indo-European family; similar family trees could be drawn for the Semitic languages, Sino-Tibetan, Japanese, Bantu, Malayo-Polynesian, and so on.
In most cases, they dealt with words and functional elements, creating what are called reconstructions in hypothetical family prototypes called, variously, Proto-Latin, Proto-Greek, Proto-Germanic, Proto-Indo-Iranian, and so forth, the ultimate goal being to posit a single language called Proto-Indo-European.
Family Words
In 1962, American Speech published “Family Words in English,” by Allen Walker Read, which was reprinted in VERBATIM Vol. I, No. 4, (1975).
The article is a classic, probably the first on the subject to appear in a scholarly journal, though there are other informal references to family language, some of which are documented by Dickson in his Bibliography.
Family words and expressions crop up everywhere.
Some are quite unique and their reporters cannot imagine their origin; others, like Penn Station , “what one family terms a child's misinterpretation of a famous line or phrase,” are clear: the generic term comes from the Lord's Prayer—“And lead us not into Penn Station.”
Many people know F.H.B. for `family hold back,' an exhortation ensuring ample provender for guests.
There are many interesting entries in Family Words which, as far as I know, is the first documentation of the genre.
(In the VERBATIM family, some suffer from Fowler's pip , an affliction affecting language fanatics who base a slavish purism on a literal interpretation of Modern English Usage .)
Family Words is useful and fun.
Similar improvements are observed for the immunoglobulin family.
The founding member of the SCF family, SCF Cdc4, was identified through genetic analysis of the G1/S transition in budding yeast and served as a model for the study of other SCF complexes.
Many houses on the island are second homes for wealthy Athenian families.
In sepsis, long-term follow up appears to provide more meaningful outcome data for patients, families, and society than do standard 28-day, all-cause mortality statistics.
Thus, half of the students who had been on the Family Medicine rotation during the first half of the year received that intervention.
About 10 years ago, after growing up in a family without an appreciation of "family values," I decided I didn't have much use for my relationships with my siblings.
The role of the coactivators could be just as bridging factors, although some of the members of the p160 family and CBP/p300 present histone acetyltransferase activity [ 34 35 ] . Stat3 is a member of the JAK/STAT signaling pathway, which is a transcription factor itself that after activation binds to specific sequences in DNA to regulate expression of genes related to proliferation, differentiation and cell survival.
The family of RGS proteins are established to interact with various Gα-protein subunits, thereby antagonizing their activities [ 13 14 15 16 17 18 24 ] . Indeed, we previously reported that RGS3 bound Gqα [ 9 ] , the G protein subunit that mediates GnRH receptor signaling [ 38 ] . Here, we have extended those binding studies to include other Gα proteins (Fig.
The family boosted an earlier $10-million pledge, "because it feels strongly that there never has been a greater need for management education based on values and ethics."
(Billy is said to be the family peacemaker.)
How a community pulls together to help those in need defines that community as a good place to live, a good place to raise a family, and a good place to do business.
Dear Family, Friends, and Other Invited Guests
Two female passengers of riper years asked especially to be photographed with the young man for a family album.
So, in many of the Asian-American families I met, a certain Saturday ritual has developed.
The number of potential Zn(II) binding cysteine motifs range from none in S. cerevisiae DNA topoisomerase III to four highly conserved tetracysteine motifs in the beta family of the topoisomerase III enzymes [ 38 ] . The Zn(II) domain formed by these tetracysteine motifs may be required for interaction with single-strand DNA in removal of hypernegative supercoils [ 39 ] or disruption of early recombination intermediates between inappropriately paired DNA molecules [ 40 ] .
that it included at least one macrobrew , specifically, a member of the vast Anheuser-Busch family (Michelob Hefeweizen).
We previously discovered and initially characterized a novel member of this family in the mouse, namely nucleophosmin/nucleoplasmin 3 ( Npm3 ). To identify the human ortholog of Npm3 and begin its characterization, we have cloned a human NPM3 cDNA, determined its genomic structure and relationship to other family members and show its expression in multiple tissues and subcellular localization in the nucleus.
For those more interested in history than in the production of rum, there is a fascinating museum that relates the story of the Bacardi family (who still own the business), from their arrival in Cuba from Spain, to their flight to Puerto Rico after the Cuban revolution in 1959, to their influence on the global drinks market.
But he added that his wasn't a dysfunctional family.
Or are all such categories simply irrelevant to the experience of people who, maddened by the loss of their families and entire worlds, might best be considered to have been 'temporarily insane' in the full and exculpatory legal sense of the term?"
The FBI warned that Coia "is a criminal associate of the New England Patriarca organized crime family" and was under confidential investigation.
Once the family home of a Scottish-born banker and then later sold to the Poventud family, it’s now a cultural center that holds various exhibitions throughout the year.
Dover, N.H., Sept. 8, Mayor William Boc today endorsed Vice President Gore for president, citing Gore's leading role in improving the nation's economy and his tireless efforts on behalf of America's working families: "He has been a tireless advocate for the working families of America."
Now, at holiday family gatherings, my parents greet us gaily at the door with shouts of “Welcome back to the big bubble!”
Poly ADP ribosyl polymerase (PARP; also referred to as ADPRT [adenosine diphosphate ribosyltransferase]) was initially suggested as the relevant candidate gene in the region [ 11, 12], but that finding was not reproduced in other family collections [ 13].
But one lesson of this essay is that the Stein family, like every other family, contains some surprises.
In contrast, it is widely assumed that Putin would be prepared to do whatever it takes to assure that the Yeltsin family remains a commanding presence in Russian politics."
If I lose, then it's a reflection on the whole family."
Pfam is a functionally annotated database of protein domain families [ 11 ] . In this study, each member of Pfam families was mapped to Incyte clones which were presented in the Incyte microarray chips based on the sequence identity.
Commonly accepted as just La Muerte, she is a frequent personality in legends, urban belief tales, and is integrated into many family folk belief systems.
Both the NYT and LAT emphasize that Indonesian president Suharto has received more international attention, in the form of visits from U.S. and IMF delegations and calls from numerous foreign leaders, than he has in years, and that he seems to be responding with a real austerity pledge, including the postponement of several major government investments in the dubious projects of family members.
Their ancestor Nicholas Jarrett arrived on the island in 1655, and the family was at the forefront of economic and political activities on Jamaica for many generations.
Among 135 Pfam families discussed here, there are 1647 clones mapped to more than one Pfam family, and 346 Pfam families sharing more than one clone.
Findings include: There is not one plant kingdom but three; a rare tropical flower is the closest living relative of the Earth's first flowering plant; and many plant families appear to have evolved from a single "Eve," whose close relatives survive in some of today's more pristine lakes.
The phylogenetic relationship we demonstrate between the LRAT family of enzymes and thiol peptidases shows that this catalytic triad was derived only once in evolution and re-used for different mechanistically similar reactions such as acyl transfer, transacylation or peptide-bond hydrolysis.
One process inhibited by BDM is the centripetal flow of actin from the leading edge into the cell body, known as retrograde flow [ 11 12 ] . Retrograde flow is thought to be driven by a "push-pull" mechanism of polymerization of actin at the leading edge of the cell and contractile activity of myosin motor proteins [ 13 14 ] . Formation of new actin filaments is predominantly mediated by the nucleation activity of the Arp2/3 complex [ 15 ] . Members of the WASP/WAVE family of proteins, among others, stimulate and regulate the Arp2/3 complex for spatial and temporal control of filament nucleation [ 15 ] . Localization of these proteins to the leading edge, though not completely understood, is probably mediated through their interactions with the actin cytoskeleton itself and membrane-associated binding partners [ 15 16 ] .
The conserved portion of the 2OG-Fe(II) dioxygenase superfamily proteins comprises the core DSBH domain seen in the IPNS, DAOCS and CAS structures [ 8, 9, 10] and part of the amino-terminal α helix that showed considerable variability in both length and sequence between individual families (Figures 1, 2).
MILLIONS OF MOTHERS ARE STILL WAITING FOR THE DECENT HOMES THEY AND THEIR FAMILIES SO DESPERATELY NEED!
[ 12 ] Caregiver distress is an important concern because family caregivers are assuming more responsibility for care as treatment moves increasingly to the outpatient arena.
(Piccard's family history is Exhibit No.
In losmen and homestay accommodations, the children of the owner’s family will probably want to make friends, and the older girls may offer to act as babysitters.
Family Plots 
The Goldmans were invited by People magazine, whose editors graciously passed along to White House aides the family's desire to meet President Clinton.
These include: a Hh-protein-blocking antibody, 5E1 [ 23 ] ; a natural product derivative, cyclopamine [ 9 10 ] that has recently been shown to act downstream of Ptc, perhaps at the level of Smo [ 11 ] ; a recently identified synthetic small-molecule inhibitor, Cur61414, which has inhibitory properties similar to cyclopamine [ 17 ] ; and forskolin, an adenylate cyclase/protein kinase A activator that is thought to block Hh signaling by stimulating degradation of members of the Gli family of transcriptional activators [ 2 ] .
It got even worse when Lai removed the platform: The unbombarded rats swam to the place where it should be and looked around with concern; the cellular rats just swam around randomly, like members of the Royal family at the beach.
The series culminates with a generic photo from a backyard barbecue and text that alleges that the "typical" family pays "$1,583" more in taxes.
The West prevailed because nuclear weapons imposed a brittle truce, shifting the conflict to the economic rivalry in which the West's greater resources and adaptability could produce both guns and butter, both family cars and aircraft carriers.
A roughly approximate atonal pronunciation is thus mā-gwō . A family resemblance, to be sure, but far from “me gook.”
In every case, family members, who in an earlier age would have been enthusiastic, urged them to stay out.
Then again, some people found it nervy when Bill Clinton, at a Memphis church in 1993, delivered his famous sermon on family values.
The first languages that the Europeans encountered, those once spoken on the east coast of Australia, survive only as they were recorded by the settlers and have been reconstructed in the light of later acquired knowledge of the family of Aboriginal languages as a whole.
Kir's have numerous functions depending upon the member of the family and the cells in which they are expressed.
As a start in this direction, GenMAPP.org [ 13] has created over 50 MAPPs depicting metabolic pathways, signaling pathways and gene families.
Most of the lawyers who volunteered Tuesday were corporate attorneys, many of them inexperienced with family law.
When a city delegation marches on his tent and offers to set his family up in a new house, the inveterate burglar asks for a place in a wealthier neighborhood so that he'll be "closer to work."
On the evidence from a case series published in 1992 by the manufacturer, Hoffmann-La Roche, the World Health Organisation (WHO) recommends that travellers with a personal or family history of seizures or manic-depressive illness should not take mefloquine prophylaxis.
Bermuda had many ties with the southern states through both business and family bloodlines.
One begins to get some idea of the extent of the problem reading Parkinson's list of just a few of the colloquial expressions for pregnancy: Away the trip (Scottish working class), to be caught, to be expecting, to be having a baby, to be in a delicate condition, to be in an interesting condition, to be in pig, to be in pod, to be in the family way, to be in the pudding club, to be preggers, to be so, to be up the pole, to be up the stick, to catch on, to catch the virus, to fall for a baby, to have a bun in the oven, to have a touch of the sun.
In addition, transcription factors that were not readily aligned with a family, but have been documented and studied were placed together in the appropriately named "Orphans Family".
The fibroblast growth factor (FGF) family consists of an ever-increasing number of peptide growth factors with diverse cellular targets and biological effects [ 1].
Five women had a family history of premature ovarian failure (two patients had sisters with premature ovarian failure, one patient's mother had premature ovarian failure, one had a paternal aunt with premature ovarian failure, and one patient had a paternal aunt, a grandmother, and a great-grandmother who were thought to have the condition).
The Conservative Party denounced this "unprecedented level of intrusion into family life."
Providers of primary care services play a critical role in determining patient compliance with preventive services through direct recommendations to their patients [ 10 11 12 ] . Women who were "off schedule" for regular mammograms were significantly less likely to have a regular physician and to have received a physician recommendation for a mammogram than "on schedule" women [ 13 ] . Another study of family physicians and general internists showed that 70% of women who received a provider referral completed a screening mammography within one year versus only 18% of self-referred women [ 12 ] . Over 90% of rural women report that a doctor's recommendation to have breast cancer screening is "important" [ 14 ] .
A recent $1 million gift from the Tyson Foundation, established by the family that owns Arkansas poultry business Tyson Foods, should help keep the press on its feet.
Children's Harbor is working with many of these children and their families to help them cope with the changes brought on by a chronic illness and to help them lead productive lives both now and in the future
91% (96) of the 106 participants in parenting classes at Family Service Association because of child abuse, reported increased use of positive discipline and decreased use of abusive discipline.
Although associated diseases were not considered in the selection of families, in several families, members had IDDM.
Camposantos are important in Chicano families, and the concept of death is always present in personal narratives, songs, and in the religious holy days observed.
Hunting dogs may be stung by scorpions of the Buthidae family ( Tityus trinitatis ). The effects of the sting can be severe.
Witness, for the taxonomic division of living things, “ King Phi lip C ame O ver F or G ene's Special Variety ” (kingdom, phylum, class, order, family, genus, species, variety).
The families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms of a house to live in, money to purchase food -- without food stamps -- and the beginning of a family focused on success, not hopelessness.
The odds ratios were adjusted for age, education, age at menarche, age at first pregnancy, reported family history of breast cancer, body mass index, history of benign breast disease, and age at menopause for postmenopausal women.
Saying that this generation of Kennedys "does not seem to have inherited the exceptional ability of the family" and pointing out that "[r]isk-taking without high intelligence is not a good way of life," Rees-Mogg concluded: "The family has been doomed by its best as well as by its worst qualities; most of all, perhaps, by the rashness of its courage.
Despite homogeneity in current socioeconomic status, our study suggests that among women aged 50 years and older, breast cancer cases might have been more likely than controls to have grown up in more affluent families, although the results are largely due to the small proportion of subjects reporting their family's socioeconomic status as 'upper' before age 21 years.
Stories about Gen Y tend to shortchange kids' views on family, school, and politics, and dwell instead on their favorite clothing stores.
Furthermore, another major cell adhesion molecular family is the immunoglobulin superfamily (PF00047).
Jones claimed that "Clinton's people" were still out to get her and that she will feel even less safe after he leaves office "because then he's not the President, and he may think 'well, since I'm not the President now, I can do whatever I want--I can get rid of her or hurt her family.
These were initiated after the groom and his family had asked the girl’s family for her hand in marriage.
As this conserved domain is present in at least three distinct classes of proteins related to Golgi dynamics (animal Sec14 proteins, the p24 family and GCP60-like proteins), we name this conserved region the GOLD domain.
Subject: A Bit About Your Family's History
.. families living from paycheck to paycheck find comfort, food and emergency assistance.
Pressured by Gina's spooky uncle (a superbly restrained turn by Burt Young) into auctioning off a paranoid son's painting--a resurrected Jesus putting holes in disloyal disciples with a submachine gun--Michael must simultaneously keep the gangsters happy, his fiancee (who'll pull the plug on the engagement if she finds out he's enmeshed in the family business) in the dark, the FBI from discovering the collusion, and--most important in farce--a semblance of dignity.
A leader in the Financial Times responded to the findings of an investigative commission that linked 54,000 Swiss bank accounts to victims of Nazi persecution and concluded that some financial institutions made "deliberately misleading statements" to Jews who sought family assets lost in World War II.
In a world without textile or clothing markets, each piece of weaving was like a family meal or a home performance of music, available to anyone present but the property of no one person, never bought or sold, always identified with the one who had created it inside that house.
We now find that we are unable to identify ARIX mutations underlying classic CFEOM in either sporadic cases or in individuals from CFEOM1 families.
Furthermore, we report new evidence for transmission disequilibrium of both single marker alleles and short marker haplotypes from the 1q41-42 interval in 122 trio families and in the total dataset of 332 SLE families.
In the old days, CBS could do that just by broadcasting All in the Family .
Khallad was another veteran mujahid, like much of his family.
Generally, citizens can apply to their state's attorney general for permission to exhume family members for any reason, and requests for reburial are usually automatically granted.
This mutation, common among families with hereditary ovarian cancer, is a frameshift mutation occurring at the beginning of the C 3 HC 4 region of exon 2 that essentially interrupts RING domain function [ 19 29 30 ] . The results showed that disruption of the BRCA1 amino-terminal RING domain altered caspase 3 activation and subsequent DFF45 and PARP cleavage, resulting in accelerated STS-induced apoptosis.
The instrument of Jacqueline du Pré's defilement is A Genius in the Family , a memoir by Hilary du Pré and their brother, Piers (who gets all but lost in the transfer to film).
Republican family issues discriminate between family configurations (straight vs. gay, married vs. unmarried, etc.).
We also carried out the same kind of analysis on Pfam-A families that are annotated as transporters, symporters, and channels, and found that 12-TM-helix families are preferred by transporter-like families.
Choking on Family Ties
Inside, you’ll see the Medici family arms set in the floor in front of the altar.
Hospitals also generally bar those who are not members of a patient's immediate family from intensive care units . The marriage contract confers numerous rights to a surviving spouse upon the death of the other spouse.
However, since testing of sera for HCV antibodies for the members of the family was done without knowledge of which sera belonged to which family, and since clustering of HCV infections was observed within families independent of the participation in the treatment campaigns, it is unlikely that the clustering of the individuals' participation in the treatment campaigns were solely due to biased reporting since there is an a priori reason to believe that such clustering is possible on the basis of the manner in which the campaigns were conducted.
The king himself died here in 1598, to be buried in a family tomb beneath the high altar of the basilica.
Populism has more often found a home in the Highland South than in the coastal "black belt," which has been dominated since colonial times by the elitist conservatism of ruling-class Bourbon families and their allies.
Variables that were evaluated but not included in the multivariate model were occupational asbestos exposure, dietary fruit and vegetable intake, and family history of lung cancer.
Yet, under the National Socialists, the code, which contains the provisions on family law, became tainted with notions of racial purity.
But one lesson of this essay is that the Stein family, like every other family, contains some surprises.
3%), had no clear homolog in A. gambiae . Five D. melanogaster genes - the four members of the Rhodopsin gene family and CG5245 - have multiple HSPs in the A. gambiae genome sequences.
Not surprisingly, serine/threonine kinases and tyrosine kinases are among the most abundant families.
GPC5 belongs to the cell surface heparan sulfate proteoglycan family and is expressed in limb, kidney, developing central nervous system and brain tissue [ 21 22 ] . In vertebrates 6 glypican family members belonging to the proteoglycan family have so far been characterized [ 23 ] . Although there is a high degree of conservation of polypeptide sequence among family members, they are localized to different chromosomes.
Protein phosphatase 5 (PP5), a newer member of the PPP family, differs from the other Ser/Thr phosphatases in that it contains regulatory and (sub)cellular targeting functions within a single polypeptide [ 5 6 7 ] . While its catalytic core exhibits strong similarity to those of the other members of this family, its N-terminus consists of three tetratricopeptide repeats (TPRs) that are unique to the PP5 class.
These shared motifs had a similar 3D structure in representatives of these functionally diverse families, and we therefore called these motifs "molegos" (molecular legos).
(The LAT supplies the detail that 39 families who live within 400 yards of the plant still hadn't been allowed home yet).
Puerto Vallarta, with its miles of beaches, is among the most appropriate resorts for families.
The owner, a member of one of Cuba’s most important families, rescued orphan girls and took them into his home — his obra pía (work of piety) that lends its name to both the house and its street.
The GENEHUNTER PLUS haplotype output was used to identify families with founders carrying the seven three-marker haplotypes in the 1q41 region (D1S229-D1S2641) that had a TDT transmission:nontransmission ratio of at least 2:1 (66% transmission rate).
Studies have lately aimed to take into account children's family characteristics--parental living arrangements and attitudes, income, experience with welfare, etc.
In his "family" discussion, he challenged Congress to raise the minimum wage, support HMO regulations, finance studies on arthritis (because "America's families deserve the world's best medical care"), and help public hospitals treat "working families who don't have any insurance."
The Murdochs were a family where business came first, the article said, and that meant two things: "First, that the price for Murdoch of seeing that business survive in something like its current shape will be one of the most expensive divorce settlements ever recorded.
With help from a dissident member of the royal family, he managed to get out of the country under the pretext of attending an Islamic gathering in Pakistan in April 1991.
To determine whether CSEs are found within regions encoding conserved protein motifs, we examined the relationship of CSE locations and the protein-domain of a large gene family (the ETS-domain family) found by our GeneFamilyScan software (GFScan [ 10], Table 2).
6. Family, Faith, Freedom
In some cases (Cpn 007, 124, 126) the hydrophobic domain represents the primary reason the gene is included in the Cpn1054 gene family (Figure 4A,4B; Figure 5).
Features of the LD130 protein family
One can't help wondering if Plotz would have found more remarkable signs of genius in Heston's life if only he had obliged with more egotistical displays, a family life in shambles, and political and social views to the left of center.
See The Adams Family Correspondence , eds. L. H. Butterfield and Marc Friedlaender (Harvard University Press, 1973) vol. 4, 177, as well as The Spur of Fame , ed. John A Schutz and Douglass Adair (The Huntington Library, 1966) vol 1, 92; vol. 2, 2436.
The presence of a rhodanese domain in MoeBR and MoeZ suggests that these members of the family may perform an additional function compared to MoeB.
Role playing reinforced the importance of sharing breast health information with family, friends and the community and fostered creative thinking, i.e. how the information would be presented.
Both Garrow and fellow King biographer Taylor Branch have criticized the family for its tight-fisted control of King's papers.
However, it is unlikely that polytopic membrane domains in the 12-TM Pfam-A families have a structure like that of ABC transporters; as there is no obvious sequence similarity within the sequence containing the 12 TM-helices, it is unlikely to form two 6-TM-helical bundles.
The royal family lives in the modern Narayanhiti Palace across the street, behind flagpoles bearing the world’s only non-rectangular national flag.
Equal pay began as a feminist cause, but Clinton has made it a family issue by spotlighting mothers who work outside the home.
In addition, the presence of various types of repetitive sequences and highly homologous gene families in the AT-rich P. falciparum genome contributes to a high rate of PCR failure ([ 17] and J.L.D.
Most of the people tagged by the right as anti-family values advocates are actually asserting mainstream ideas, like, there are many different family forms in contemporary America, working mothers are okay, and so forth.
Today we are asking you to take a few minutes to consider making a contribution to Pleasant Run to help the 1,500 children families we care for.
A curated multiple alignment A from the Pfam database for the protein family that Q belongs to (as determined by hmmpfam from the HMMER package).
Osr14/Tos1/Tos4, Osr15/Tos12 , and Osr53/Tos18 form a well defined clade and are more closely related to Ta1-2 (S23315) of Arabidopsis than to any other rice retroelement family outside their clade (Figure 1, Table 2).
Multi-domain proteins can be classified into several Pfam families, which in turns means that several Pfam families can share the same corresponding proteins.
It has been previously demonstrated that members of the hOR gene family are distributed on all but a few human chromosomes.
A person would belong by virtue of doing something she loved and believed in, and by being enmeshed in a web of community, family, and friends.
Sure enough, Clinton declared food stamps "critical supports," and vowed to "hold states accountable and make sure families get the benefits they need."
CYL & Author 4, SD Participated in initial genotyping of the families.
One drowned her paralyzed son by pushing him off a canoe on a family outing, leaving him and his 50 pounds of metal leg braces to sink to the bottom."
Those retreats within easier reach of the city — the casino of the Genting Highlands or theme parks born out of former tin mines — draw Malaysian families for holiday entertainment, a far cry from the more traditional parks, zoos, and aquariums.
Sometimes, a company can foresee insurance will be unnecessary: While an earthquake in California snapped many telephone poles, the phone company made back its losses as "worried families started calling relatives"--long distance.
After my psychotic outburst of HMO-vitriol, I almost hesitate to comment on your remark about Christopher H. Smith, because regarding the deal that was worked out to impose "anti-abortion" restrictions on international Third World family planning aid programs as a condition of paying our long-overdue U.N. debt, I'm on the verge of spinning out into berzerker mode again.
The detection of multiple members of the p24 family in the early branching eukaryotes such as Cryptosporidium parvum and kinetoplastids suggests that some of this diversification was probably already under way early in eukaryotic evolution.
Who then can claim credit for this invention, which this year distributed close to $30 billion in refunds to some 20 million families and individuals?
There does not seem to be anything remarkable about his family or early background.
We applied this program to the LD130 family of proteins.
As one of the month's many activities, the Michigan State Housing Development Authority sponsored an essay and drawing contest, "What My Home Means to Me," for 5- through 12-year-olds whose families purchased a home in 1998 through a MSHDA funding and loan program.
Other members of the health care team can provide invaluable assistance to support the depressed patient, and his or her family.
Anecdotal evidence shows that most passwords are birth dates of family members, maiden names, favorite sports teams--things that are easy to guess.
Like other proteins modified by palmitoylation, the Src family kinase Fyn is found localized in RAFTs, a membrane microdomain fraction enriched in signaling molecules that can be isolated by sucrose gradient fractionation.
Karenga, Kwanzaa's creator, has also written two books on the celebration, Kwanzaa: Origin, Concepts, Practice and The African American Celebration of Kwanzaa: A Celebration of Family, Community & Culture . And Anna Day Wilde describes how the holiday gained popularity in "Mainstreaming Kwanzaa," in Public Interest , No.
Courtesy of a traveling family member I did get hold of the first Talk issue, speaking of Hillary.
The identification of multiple Kv3 channel genes, but only single members of the Kv1, Kv2 and Kv4 families, in Diptera (two in Drosophila and three in Anopheles ) raises questions about the evolutionary history of Kv3 K +channel genes.
It is also of note that we can reproducibly co-immunoprecipitate Rlk and Fyn, perhaps due to their association with RAFTs, whereas we have been unable to co-precipitate Itk with Src family kinases when co-expressed in 293T cells (data not shown), again demonstrating distinct properties of the Rlk protein compared to certain other members of the Btk family.
Activation of the JNK pathway can lead to the phosphorylation of downstream members including c-jun that belongs to the AP-1 transcription factor family [ 12 52 ] . Because results from this study indicated that JNK pathway was activated by 25-OH-cholesterol, one could expect that AP-1 would be activated in cells treated with cholesterol oxides.
Members of the Ets family of transcription factors share a unique DNA binding domain, the Ets domain, and have been shown to activate a large number of genes [ 42 43 ] and to be involved in a number of physiological and pathophysiological processes [ 44 ] . There has been accumulating evidence that Ets proteins play an important part for the invasive program of cells, particularly by stimulating the expression of protease genes [ 45 46 ] . Ets1 and Ets2 are overexpressed in a variety of tumors, including breast carcinomas ( [ 44 ] and references therein).
Today most of the native inhabitants of the Exumas bear the family name Rolle.
This protein family has several conserved motifs, including a characteristic Dxhp signature (h, hydrophobic residue; p, polar residue), in which the conserved aspartate is likely to directly participate in catalysis (Figure 1).
Some come from families where, through therapy, there is hope for reunification.
Like All in the Family --and no show since-- Roseanne gave life and warmth to the ugly, the fat, the poor.
Suazo's district and is a project of the state's leading providers of free civil legal services to lower-income individuals and families -- the Disability Law Center, the Legal Aid Society of Salt Lake and Utah Legal Services.
For each family, a profile was constructed, as shown in Figure 1b.
To learn more about the structural features of Rab24(D123I) that are responsible for triggering the formation of nuclear inclusions, we focused on regions of the protein that distinguish Rab24 from other members of the Rab family.
On the hillsides and lanes are the villas of wealthy Barcelona families, while the streets between the beach and railway station are geared for food and frolic.
Media coverage of Kennedy's withdrawal focused on his annulment and his brother's alleged fling with the family baby sitter.
In Anopheles , the Shaw family is more diverse than in Drosophila : three genes from this family are located next to one another along chromosome 3R, in contrast to two Kv3-family genes in Drosophila.
These families are participants in our community-based programs.
The aquaporin gene family in Arabidopsis is an interesting example of the current and potential limitations of this approach.
Similarly to nuclear receptors and to other transcription factors, STAT proteins can interact with coactivators to modulate their transcriptional activity [ 9 10 11 12 ] . Other reports have shown direct interactions between several members of the JAK/STAT signaling pathway with SHRs [ 13 14 15 16 ] . Stat3 is one of the seven members of the STAT family of proteins that has been shown to modulate the expression of several genes related to control cell cycle, proliferation and apoptosis, such as Cyclin D1, c-myc, and Bcl-xL, respectively [ 17 ] . Accordingly, alterations in the activity of STAT3 have been associated with cell transformation and cancer progression [ 18 19 20 ] .
For example, sequences from 14 members of the defensin-related cryptdin gene family were clustered into one TC (TC6H932) and to one DT (DT.
Seven male and five female physicians participated and represented family medicine (n = 7) and internal medicine (n = 5) specialties.
The only part of the 1993 tax bill that directly affected middle-income families was a 4.3-cent-per-gallon boost in the gasoline tax . This cost the average family $45 a year and accounted for less than 10 percent of the total revenue raised.
Ipl in mice, and which encodes a putative decoy receptor in the TNF receptor family.
Sequence family retrieval and analysis
The mitogen-activated protein kinase family is associated with many cellular functions.
A framed copy of the bilingual Québec Gazette, dating from 1786, suggests that colonials of the New World had an uncommon interest in the more arcane news of international events in the Old World, such as Turkey’s troubles with Venice or the quarrels of the Dutch royal family.
Third, multiple probes for each of several gene family members for five families deposited at random positions generated similar hybridization patterns (Figure 2), suggesting that local effects on hybridization were negligible.
The Cpn 1054 gene family consists of 11 C. pneumoniae -specific genes or gene pairs: Cpn 07, 08/09, 010/010.
However, those lawyers underwent training sessions, a refresher course, on family law, which they studied in law school.
The DNA sequence of each member of these families was collected and multiple alignments among the family members were performed using the clustalx and GeneDoc software [ 53 54 55 ] . Manual inspection of the alignment of the family member sequences revealed that 12 of these families had more than 10 members, and it was immediately clear that the matches with the putative transduced sequences in these families were based solely on patchy alignments of largely low-complexity sequence.
Furthermore, some, but not all, members of the MJ0757 family contain an amino-terminal insertion of a small, metal-chelating module (Figure 5), which was used to improve the alignment with the E. coli TS [ 25], although this region was variable even within the MJ0757 family itself.
Within the first 70 amino acids of the HMG-box region only six positions show any variation and of those six, three are shared between all family members except TOX/ KIAA0808 homologues while the remaining three changes are found in the LOC241768/ C20ORF100 pair.
These patients were self-treated using antibiotics prescribed for other family members.
It was only a matter of time before family values entered art criticism.
The recent findings that members of the several different families of coactivators possess intrinsic histone acetyltransferase activity suggests that activated SHRs, and nuclear receptors in general, may also recruit these cofactors to remodel chromatin structure for better accessibility of the transcriptional machinery to DNA [ 5 6 ] .
As always, from the evidence available, there is no obvious reason why this particular family should have produced that particular psychoanalyst.
Since some members of the MMP family are capable of activating other members [ 26, 27], it is likely that proteolytic cascades may regulate MMP activity.
The following summer another of his customers, who owns one of France's great first-growth vineyards, invited him to Bordeaux, and it was there that Mitchell decided on the career in fine food that would eventually lead him to re-establish Browne Trading, the family business that, for generations, had been selling caviar, fish, and other seafood from the mouth of the Kennebec.
Repeal the inheritance tax for the sake of farm families.
For example, the baculovirus repeat ORFs (Bro) proteins are a family of DNA-binding proteins that may regulate both viral and host transcription or chromatin structure, but no homologs, cellular or otherwise, have been identified for these proteins [ 10, 11].
You may even see families sitting at the roadside, cooking the willow in cauldron-like vats and laboriously stripping off the bark.
The resulting decompositions of evolutionary sequence data allow multiple definitions of sequence, structure and function homology within a protein family, and hence grant new perspectives to family sequence analysis.
The tabloid Express on Sunday, meanwhile, led with the headline "Blair Rebuke for Clinton," based on the fact that the British government is publishing a document on family values at the same time the two leaders are meeting in New York.
My family, my husband's family, and our friends cannot stand her and dread having her at family gatherings--to the point where we are all trying to figure out how not to invite her to Thanksgiving or Christmas.
To coordinate care and provide optimal support for dying patients and their families, conversations about care must occur while the patient still has a considerable chance of surviving the current illness [ 1 3 ] . Given our inability to accurately predict the end of life, it may be necessary to develop simultaneous plans in the face of serious illness: one which facilitates the support of patients and family through death and bereavement and a second which provides maximal efforts to restore physiologic balance [ 1 3 4 5 6 ] .
9045 PCCs were computed based on the Family Regulation Profiles consisting of more than ten clone members.
Historically, the Hemings family always claimed that this first son was fathered by Jefferson.
Now USA Today reports one of the sets of biological parents died in a car crash July 4. The high-minded spin: The respective extended families should seek a "Solomon-like compromise" that serves the best interests of the girls.
Her law practice grew to an organization that brought in millions of dollars of damages through its cases against L.A. slumlords, allowing poor families to set up college funds and buy homes.
Families lived in wooden longhouses like those still to be seen today among the Iban peoples of Sarawak.
Or what about Clinton's poster child, "family leave"?
They had a large family together, all of whom are well-known citizens of New Mexico.
Also on the grounds are the Museum of Imperial Collections, an exhibition hall for art treasures donated to the public by the imperial family in 1989; and the “Hundred-Man Guardhouse,” where the approach to the inner sanctum of the fortress was defended by four shifts of 100 samurai warriors each.
In addition, we did not analyze the 73 C. elegans sequences matching the immunoglobulin family (PF00047), because we considered the phylogenetic signal in this alignment to be questionable.
As such, socially and economically disadvantaged families, traditionally at higher risk for these two adverse pregnancy outcomes, may be less able to be purchase a fish license in comparison to more advantaged families.
An early-bird edition of the LAT gives a revealing insight into the priorities of Dodi Al-Fayed's family.
Originally, the family built ships and operated a wharf in front of the house, “at the foot of the Lane,” as the end of Hamilton Harbour was then known.
We know perfectly well that children are most at risk at home, from their own families and adult friends."
The dogs prowling around, stand-ins perhaps for the observant artist, give an unruliness to family gatherings.
Lobel et al consider that WHO's exclusion of people with a personal or family history of neuropsychiatric illness from taking mefloquine is based 'on limited evidence or theoretical concerns', and we believe their scepticism is justified.
For a family of size n, if Y j is the HCV status (0 = negative, 1 = positive) of the j thindividual, we define
For the remainder of the families, although downstream sequences were similar and TSDs marked the end of aligned sequences, the L1s in a given family were either shorter than the L1 for which a transduced sequence was found, or too short to have been transcribed from the internal L1 promoter.
This family's weird habits include, for example, assuming that when you see something--a woman, a mountain, an empty soda can--the appropriate response is not to decide how you feel about what you see but to think of tautly composed phrases in which to describe it.
Breathlessness may be one of the most distressing symptoms for patients, families, and caregivers.
Or listen to him talk with Robert Kennedy, whose family still holds the nation in thrall.
But civil issues involving family law, domestic violence, immigration, financial or housing problems can undermine a person's employment and destabilize a family in short order.
The DNA sequence of each member of these families was collected and multiple alignments among the family members were performed using the clustalx and GeneDoc software [ 53 54 55 ] . Manual inspection of the alignment of the family member sequences revealed that 12 of these families had more than 10 members, and it was immediately clear that the matches with the putative transduced sequences in these families were based solely on patchy alignments of largely low-complexity sequence.
A profile of the Ochs and Sulzberger families suggests that their stewardship of the New York Times was unduly influenced by self-consciousness about their Judaism.
Originally an Anglo stronghold, part of it is still known even among French speakers as Upper-Outremont, family home of that splendidly ambiguous French-Canadian, prime minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau.
A witness has recalled Motassadeq saying that he would kill his entire family if his religious beliefs demanded it.
To correct these mistakes, we utilized the most recent (June 2002) sequence assembly in addition to linkage analysis using three large Sets of families.
Deletion of the DAZ genes is found in about 10% of infertile males with idiopathic azoospermia [ 2 ] , and disruption of Dazl1 causes infertility in both male and female mice [ 6 ] . Mutations in the DAZ family members of Drosophila [ 7 ] , C. elegans [ 8 ] , and Xenopus [ 9 ] also affect the fertility in either males, females, or both sexes.
The reason given for the recent changes in the welfare program for families was that the program as it was, promoted self-destructive behavior--dropping out of school, dropping out of the work force, and having children with no father present.
Likewise, in his speech, he avoided the phrase "birth control," which connotes hostility to kids and families.
Gene products of these paralogous genes contained a unique bi-lobed hydrophobic domain, which is a predictive marker for localization to the inclusion membrane [ 15 ] . In this study, we further characterize this family by examining variation in sequence of the family members both within and among different C. pneumoniae isolates.
Slate, let us be clear, is a magazine about politics, policy, and culture--not about sleeping arrangements, whether among family members, animals, or both or neither.
Although associated diseases were not considered in the selection of families, in several families, members had IDDM.
Indeed, you can make no attempt to even find a job or support your family, and you'll still qualify for $230 a month in food stamps (for a two-person family) or $329 (for a three-person family) or $419 (for four).
It is the one private, volunteer organization that exists to end the menace of cancer, to ease the pain of cancer victims and their families, to rehabilitate those who survive, and to enlighten and inform both the professional world and lay public about the latest developments in cancer.
Analysis of the number of TM-helices in Pfam-A families of polytopic membrane domains
The diffusion of these soluble second messengers leads to the activation of PKA and PKC at specific subcellular locations [ 3 4 ] . The two families of the regulatory subunits of PKA, RI and RII, have distinct cAMP binding properties and phosphorylation states [ 4 5 ] . Each family has two different isoforms, a and (3, resulting in four distinct types, RIα, RIβ, RIIα, RIIβ.
Substrates of AKT include glycogen synthase kinase 3 (GSK3), p70/S6 kinase, BAD, Caspase 9, 4E-BP1, IκB kinase α and members of the Forkhead transcription family [reviewed in ref.
Close family members might be considered an intermediate case.
Saeed al Ghamdi and Mohand al Shehri also spent time in al Qassim, both breaking with their families.
In addition, one of the small families consistent with linkage to the FEOM1 locus (E) had haplotype and linkage data that was also consistent with linkage to the
The clavaminic acid synthase, an outlier of this latter family, has its own characteristic inserts, including a giant (approximately 70 amino acids) insert between strands 4 and 5 [ 8], and some members of the AlkB family have smaller inserts in the same position (Figure 1).
The gene regulation was then converted to a percentage for gene families to profile the regulation for each microarray experiment.
SOS3 was, however, shown to interact with a protein kinase [ 53] and a family of interacting protein kinases has been identified [ 54, 55, 56].
5); and second, the GFP-COP1 expression of E82 gradually reverted back from the reactivated pattern to the silenced pattern especially in hemizygous families (Fig.
The hillside estate, only a short bus ride from Funchal, is the property of the family that owned Reid’s Hotel and is one of the famous producers of Madeira wine.
In The Good Life, not a long book, Cabeza de Baca creates a fictional family, the Turrietas, and uses their story to narrate the rituals, customs, food, and culture of New Mexico.
Osr15/Tos12 and Osr53 are only just sufficiently different to constitute distinct families.
Management strategies to relieve suffering in end-of-life care begin with a comprehensive assessment of the whole patient, and his or her family.
Rab proteins comprise a large family of Ras-related GTPases that function in the anterograde and retrograde trafficking of proteins in mammalian cells [ 1 2 3 ] . Different Rab proteins reside in specific subcellular membranes or organelles, where they mediate vesicular transport between discrete donor and acceptor compartments in the endocytic or exocytic pathways [ 4 5 ] . Detailed studies of a few Rab proteins ( e.g .; Rab1, Rab5 and Rab9) have led to a general model wherein Rab proteins are presumed to cycle on and off donor and acceptor membranes in connection with changes in their guanine nucleotide state [ 6 7 8 ] . In the active GTP-bound state, Rab proteins associate with budding transport vesicles [ 9 10 11 ] and appear to participate in the assembly of membrane docking complexes [ 12 13 14 ] . Following vesicle fusion with the acceptor compartment and GTP hydrolysis, the inactive GDP-bound Rab is extracted from the membrane by a carrier protein termed guanine nucleotide dissociation inhibitor (GDI) [ 15 16 17 ] . The GTPase can then re-enter the transport cycle through nucleotide exchange promoted by a specific exchange factor at the donor vesicle membrane [ 18 19 20 ] . In addition to changes in guanine nucleotide state, the posttranslational prenylation of Rab proteins plays an important role in the cycling mechanism.
However, incest tends to occur among families that are distant, not ones that are intimate.
EAST WENATCHEE - After more than a year of effort, attorneys with Northwest Justice Project earlier this week told 25 families in a mobile home park here that they can keep their homes and no longer need to fear eviction.
• An RCT of an Internet-based telemedicine program for families of children in a neonatal intensive care unit found that among infants born with weight of <1,000 grams, there was a trend towards shorter hospital stays [ 33 ] .
The redundant nature of the Cpn 1054 family members is somewhat unusual against the generally reductive evolutionary strategy of the chlamydiae [ 17 ] . There is no evidence that the Cpn 1054 gene family is found outside of C. pneumoniae , and thus the members of the family may be important in the unique biological traits of this species.
In addition to the DbDGD motif, which is located in the loop between strands 5 and 6, several residues are conserved between these polymerase families (Fig.
The Globe , as usual, is in Bill's corner, complete with transcripts of the first family's heartfelt conversations.
It is best imagined what would have happened to Lewinsky, her family and any enthusiastic reporting press of this scandalous episode in any undemocratic society!"
Mohamed Atta was born on September 1, 1968, in Kafr el Sheikh, Egypt, to a middle-class family headed by his father, an attorney.
[ 26] estimated the copy number of this family at 1,600.
Gentilello pointed out that the literature includes 40 randomized trials on brief interventions in family and general practice settings.
Well one duty, back then, was to stay with your family.
Eventually, the Ashikaga family shoguns settled down in Kyoto’s Muromachi district, which gave its name to the new creative period that followed.
As with functional proteins, pseudogenes were classified into families using InterPro.
We analyzed 168 Pfam-A families with more than 20 members and generated consensus sequences with their sequence logos of all aligned sequences in these families using the Alpro sequence logo program [ 19].
However, since testing of sera for HCV antibodies for the members of the family was done without knowledge of which sera belonged to which family, and since clustering of HCV infections was observed within families independent of the participation in the treatment campaigns, it is unlikely that the clustering of the individuals' participation in the treatment campaigns were solely due to biased reporting since there is an a priori reason to believe that such clustering is possible on the basis of the manner in which the campaigns were conducted.
The OED is concerned about being in the family way , the natural consequences of a satisfactory family life, but not about the family life itself.
The main entrance to the circular old town, near the harbor, is the 19th-century Arco da Vila, a charming arch and bell tower habitually crowned by a venerable family of nesting storks.
Everyone in my family is overweight.
An added datum weighs far less than does a novel accusation against someone previously considered a good family man.
Maui’s ultimate fantasy resort — said to be the most expensive resort ever built — is a favorite with families.
Drosophila and Anopheles , although multiple members of a given family are most often clustered.
Some H-2A workers see the need to discuss their legal problem with family members before seeking legal assistance.
In this first study of families with CD from North America, we investigated linkage to several candidate genes that could play a role in the pathogenesis of CD using 62 families with at least two cases of CD.
Continuing beyond this sight, you’ll pass some rather careworn buildings before reaching Parque Muñoz Rivera, one of the places where local families like to relax on the weekends.
One hundred and twenty-two trio families were also collected.
Proline and asparagine are also among the conserved residues favored in transporter-like families, whereas cysteine, histidine, isoleucine, leucine, methionine, and valine are unfavored.
However, all families were not genotyped with all markers, because some families were collected after genotyping had been done for some of the STRs.
When it was first dug, and the lots of land sold, it was soon realized that this section of the canal (between Vijzelstraat and Leidsestraat) would have the largest houses inhabited by the richest families in the city.
Osr27/Rire9 [ 26] is the third largest family in the rice genome, with an estimated copy number of 900 elements, mostly full length.
As I have learned from the three members of my family who have already earned degrees from the School of Dentistry, the quality of my education will have a direct bearing on my professional life for years to come.
Because the Democrats were mostly "triangulating" their children and families message to duel with the similar message that came out of the Republican National Convention a few weeks before, I'd tackle Sen.
Names are a tricky subject in English as in any language, but happily a very few facts go a long way towards explaining the origins of hundreds of English nicknames and family names.
hnRNP A2 and hnRNP B1 are members of a large family of RNA binding proteins found associated with mammalian heterogeneous nuclear RNA.
In many families the shrine is erected as the result of a promesa or manda (promise or vow) made to a particular saint, or in memory of a family member who has died.
Without leptin to signal satiety, the children in this family eat ravenously.
The FEOM1 critical region is ≤ 3 cM, and a theta of 0.04 corresponds to a genetic distance of approximately 4 cM, thus eliminating linkage of this family's CFEOM disease gene to the entire FEOM1 critical region.
Just off the road, in the direction of Esporles, you’ll find La Granja, a popular tourist attraction and good family stop that is part stately home, part finca (traditional farmhouse), and part craft center.
In an attempt to elucidate the function of the DAZ gene family and to understanding the mechanisms of its action, we used a yeast two-hybrid system to isolate two human genes encoding DAZ associated proteins (DAZAPs) [ 14 ] . One of them, DAZAP1, is expressed predominantly in testes.
Pfam family PF00069 is most highly represented on the chips with 231 Incyte clones while 343 Pfam families are represented on the microarrays by only one family member.
We also carried out the same kind of analysis on Pfam-A families that are annotated as transporters, symporters, and channels, and found that 12-TM-helix families are preferred by transporter-like families.
Such trading rights attracted more Britons to the island, who founded dynastic families that in some cases still constitute the island’s economic elite.
Fine-mapping in the 1q41 region by Moser et al [ 14] also showed that the highest overall LOD score in 127 families of the Oklahoma collection was at D1S229, and the greatest degree of allele sharing in 78 white families was at D1S2616.
Based on new data being considered involving the numbers of National School Lunch Program State Agencies, sponsoring organizations of family day care homes, and the annual frequency of sponsoring organizations' recordkeeping requirements, the burden hours are reduced by 23,813 reporting hours and 12,208 recordkeeping hours are added.
It is likely that different K+ channel subunits within the same family would provide the potential to generate many K +-channel tetramer combinations.
In cultured human muscle cells, only the PI 3-kinase - p70 S6 kinase pathway, and not the MAPK pathway, mediates insulin up-regulation of p85α PI 3-kinase gene expression [ 26 ] . Similarly, in L6 myotubes, insulin induces hexokinase II gene transcription via the rapamycin-sensitive PI 3-kinase pathway, but not via the MAPK pathway [ 27 ] . The PI 3-kinase - p70 S6 kinase pathway, but not the MAPK pathway, mediates insulin induction of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase gene expression in primary rat hepatocytes [ 28 ] . In H411E liver cells, insulin down-regulates cAMP-induced phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase gene transcription via the PI 3-kinase pathway, but not via the MAPK pathway [ 29 ] . Phosphorylated p70 S6 kinase has been shown to be present in the nucleus in insulin-treated cells [ 30 ] . Moreover, it has been shown that p70 S6 kinase phosphorylates and activates members of the cAMP response element modulator family of transcription factors [ 31 ] . These data raise the possibility that transcriptional regulation of SP-A gene expression occurs via the PI 3-kinase - p70 S6 kinase pathway.
These features suggest (at least for the nocturnin, CCR4 and angel families) that proteins which cluster in the same family indeed share a common ancestor, in agreement with the phylogenetic data.
The new nationalism led Piedmont into the Italian orbit at the head of the Risorgimento unification movement, and the House of Savoy served as Italy’s reigning royal family from 1861 to 1946, with Turin serving ever so briefly as the capital of the newly unified Italy in 1861.
The P60-like family
A report highlighted on the front page of last Thursday's WP found that children in immigrant families tend to be healthier than those of U.S.-born parents, but that their health deteriorates the longer they live here.
Linda Tripp's allies--a group that includes her lawyers, Kenneth Starr, the Goldberg family, and absolutely no one else as far as I can tell--have tried repeatedly to improve her sorry public image.
The other message, of course, is that ABC is au courant with the role of family values in politics today, and that it cares enough to turn over prime time to the anti-drug campaign.
Whereas the duplications and translocations outline mechanisms that have contributed to the evolution of the large AQP gene family, the large number of genes and the transcription patterns we found in the EST database (see below) seems to argue for specific functions in plants.
On the contrary, the metaphor intensifies the action on the court, which can seem kinetic to the point of spontaneous combustion, as pressure to perform tears families up and turns black man against black man.
Our collective ignorance of the totality of non-coding RNA genes was laid bare by recent work on microRNAs (miRNAs), an abundant family of 21-22 nucleotide non-coding RNAs [ 2 3 ] . The founding members of this family, lin-4 and let-7, were identified through forward analysis of extant Caenorhabditis elegans mutants [ 4 5 ] . Both of these RNAs are post-transcriptional regulators of developmental timing that function by binding to the 3' untranslated regions (3' UTRs) of target genes [ 5 6 7 8 ] . Although they were long regarded as genetic curiosities possibly specific to nematodes, let-7 was subsequently found to be broadly conserved across bilaterian evolution [ 9 ] and miRNA genes are now recognized as a pervasive and widespread feature of animal and plant genomes [ 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 ] .
The record does count when it comes to jobs, taxes, and feeding your family.
Scorpion venom is a rich source of various polypeptides with diverse physiological and pharmacological activities which generally exert their action via target specific modulation of ion channel function [ 1 2 3 ] . Among the well characterized peptide toxins are those from the venom of scorpions belonging to the family Buthidae.
It is now home to the Bettin family, who are custodians of its treasures.
Furthermore, we report new evidence for transmission disequilibrium of both single marker alleles and short marker haplotypes from the 1q41-42 interval in 122 trio families and in the total dataset of 332 SLE families.
In the end, we found a total of 25 families made up of 63 L1 elements (Table 1).
Each of these receptor families has been linked to one of the human taste qualities in such a way that the three members of the T1R family are connected to sweet taste, whereas the much larger T2R family, also labeled TRB, is associated with bitter taste.
Every year we seek companies, organizations and individuals to sponsor one or more of our families.
"Grumpy's death has caused the dwarfs to pull together as a family."
Homemakers don't get the IRA, they argue, because their contributions to the family and the economy aren't counted as income.
Here, after all, was a program (Aid to Families with Dependent Children) that, judged by current lights, must be rated one of the most successful social experiments of all time.
The addition of such tag sequences to Ras-related proteins, including several members of the Rab family, does not appear to alter their function or subcellular localization [ 36 37 38 ] .
In the 1920s in the aftermath of WWII and the fall of the Ottoman Empire, Greece and Turkey agreed on a mass population swap, and millions of Greeks whose families had lived in Asia Minor (on the western Turkish coast) for generations, found themselves homeless in their spiritual homeland.
He came from an old Californio family who owned extensive property and a large ranch.
This mid-19 th century godsend--whose letter is quoted in At Odds: Women and the Family in America From the Revolution to the Present , by Carl Degler--was an unusual recruit to the enterprise of child rearing: She neither romanticized her mission nor vented her frustration on her charges.
Deletion of the 13q region is associated with human 13q syndrome, a developmental disorder [ 24 ] . Some of the proteoglycans play important functional roles in neurogenesis, axon guidance, synapse development [ 25 ] , and cellular growth and differentiation [ 26 27 23 ] . Mutations in GPC3 cause Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome [ 28 29 ] , however, no mutations were detected in the GPC5 and GPC6 genes [ 30 ] . The glypican1 gene has been suggested to be a good candidate for brachydactyly type E [ 31 ] . Given that, GPC5 is highly expressed in brain and mutations in other genes of the glypican families are associated with developmental disorder; GPC5 could be a potential candidate gene for Bipolar disorder.
If they can't be useful by protecting their women and "making" things--then it's time to embrace the usefulness of supporting their women, learning new skills, committing to their families, and finding new ways to teach their children and contribute to their communities.
The set of Family Regulation Ratios for a particular Pfam family across multiple experiments is called a Family Regulation Profile.
For example, the KRC/ZAS-C consensus sequence "ATTTTGTGG" matches completely with 6 nucleotides of the RSS nonamer and 3 flanking nucleotides of the human IgH D1, D2, D3 and D4 gene segments [ 35 ] . Furthermore, the MAST search identified KRC-selected motifs near two chromosomal breakpoints: between a t(11:14) translocation of the Ig DH2-2 gene segment and the B cell lymphoma 1 ( BCL-1 ) gene in a mantle cell lymphoma [ 36 ] , and at a t(11:19) translocation of the myeloid lymphoid leukemia ( MLL ) gene and the ENL/MLLT1/LTG19 gene in a T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia [ 37 ] . The other hits were derived from loci of cellular genes, pseduogenes, or DNA fragments [ 41 42 43 44 ] . The expression of those genes has not been shown to be regulated by KRC or other family members, therefore, the biological significance of those MAST results is unknown.
Issues in civil cases include family matters, housing and employment cases, consumer protection, public benefits and income maintenance.
Although some people use the better-known term cementerio, meaning “cemetery,” camposanto is a word still used in many families.
Book -- Anything Your Little Heart Desires: An American Family Story , by Patricia Bosworth;
The P segment was not included in this analysis due to the high number of identical residues indicating the obviously correct alignment between the different K +channel families.
Analysis of the CATH database revealed that whereas function was conserved in nearly 51% of enzyme families, function had diverged considerably in highly populated families [ 5].
However, there are many case reports describing patients with progressive neurodegenerative disorders of unknown etiology, collectively referred to as neuronal intranuclear inclusion disease [ 77 ] . While these may consist mainly of unidentified poly-Gln or poly-Ala disorders, the present study raises the possibility that some forms of this disease may arise through unexpected mechanisms, perhaps involving mutations in Rab24 or other poorly characterized members of the Rab GTPase family that mediate trafficking of misfolded proteins within autophagosomes and lysosomes.
However, we also found two discrepancies in relative abundances of one gene and one gene family between the DDD and microarray data.
TGF-β family proteins, including β1,β2 and β3, induce TNF-resistance and suppress the PH-20 effect of increasing TNF cytotoxicity in murine L929 fibroblasts [ 8 11 ] . TGF-β1 induces a novel extracellular matrix protein that prevents TNF-mediated cell death and blocks the activation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK; also known as p42/44 mitogen-activated protein kinase, p42/44 MAPK) in L929 cells [ 8 12 ] . Additionally, TGF-β1 induces the expression of TIAF1 (TGF-β-induced antiapoptotic factor) [ 13 ] and TIF2 (TGF-β-induced factor 2) [ 14 ] that inhibit TNF cytotoxicity.
When only white families were considered, the peak multipoint LOD score remained at marker D1S2616 (LOD = 0.99; Fig.
There is no detectable similarity between C2 domains and the MPs, and conserved motifs in the published alignment of Cmpp16 and the RCNMV MP do not correspond to those in C2 domains; moreover, many of the residues described as conserved in Cmpp16 and MP are not conserved within the viral movement protein family itself.
Strengthen Families -- Help victims of child abuse & neglect, answer crisis hotlines, prevent family violence & counsel the mentally ill;
The family is now searching for known Washington descendants for the same sort of genetic testing used in the Jefferson matter.
Thus, knowledge of the advantages of bednets may have spread through family or community networks, and availability (either through large subsidization or through free distribution) and may have been the partial cause of increased access in Malindi.
Moreover, in searches conducted with extended queries, such as DbDGDxhxh or DGDxhxh patterns (h is a hydrophobic residue), the RDRPs and the β' subunits of DDRPs were identified as the only protein families in which these motifs were conserved.
Overall, these data are consistent with previous reports that endocrine cells express voltage-sensitive ion channels that can contribute to the regulation of not only resting membrane potential and cell volume, but also cell proliferation and steroidogenesis [ 12 13 16 18 21 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 ] . The K +currents blocked by 4-AP in pig GC are conducted by ion channels formed by heteromeric complexes of pore-forming subunits from the KCNA (also called Kv1 or Shaker) family of proteins and accessory subunits from the KCNAB (also called Kvβ) family of proteins [ 4 ] . Similar 4-AP-sensitive K +currents play a key role in transduction of mitogenic signals in a variety of cell types, and 4-AP treatment has been associated with not only growth arrest but also apoptosis [ 2 3 8 9 10 14 38 39 40 41 42 ] .
The computerized letter began with the rundown of every family member's 'accomplishments' for the last year.
"However, you might like to know that the President and his family pay for all of their personal expenses.
Members of the NF-κB, AP-1, and ets families of transcription factors substantially increased in the Human Cancer 1.2 K array (see Table 2, panel A).
Herbert Gutman's The Black Family in Slavery and Freedom 1750-1925 (1976) showed that slave families, while often broken up when members were sold or assigned to different plantations, were remarkably monogamous and stable.
"The most groundbreaking kitchen-sink sitcom since All in the Family ," declares Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly . Most agree, however, that the show declined in its last years, especially after Roseanne's character won the lottery and the family forsook its proletarian roots--while the actress herself mutated from caustic social critic into pop icon.
The C-terminal regions of NFAT proteins are unique in sequence and may be responsible for functional differences among NFAT family members.
We did, however, check STRP order for all STRPs that were typed in the Iceland families and found no disagreements with the Marshfield map, except for two close (~1 mb apart), adjacent STRPs on chromosome 6p, ATA50C05 and ATC4D09, where the linkage results, the Iceland map and the June 2002 sequence assembly all disagreed with the Marshfield map.
A family photo, the single word "Noel," a naked babe draped in colored lights sipping champagne--there are many styles of holiday card, and now's the time to mail them.
To meet the family’s extravagant debts, ground-floor rooms were turned into boutiques and cafés that attracted fashionable society, together with some shady hangers-on and intellectuals.
I now invite you to continue to support the mission and the message that is so important to building strong kids, strong families and strong communities.
Sunday evenings in particular — the traditional evening for a family stroll — are perfect for people watching.
Confined to his bed with a broken hip and 12 broken ribs, Tom frets about his interrupted movie and receives visits from his family.
Bcl-2 belongs to a family of cellular proteins which arbitrate decisions in life-or-death situations.
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) - Low-income children in Maine involved in divorce or parental rights cases are often denied the benefits of court advocates because their families cannot afford to pay the fees, according to a new report.
In spite of that, Pleasant Run Children's Homes, with the help of hundreds of volunteers and others who really care, continues to make a significant impact on the futures of families and kids in need of help.
But let's get back to things like infidelity, men's desertion of their families, or even genocide.
Prisoners, soldiers, and the soldiers’ families endured the same harsh conditions.
This interaction helps localize Tec family kinases to the membrane where phosphorylation by Src kinases can occur.
This led to the cloning of different K +channel subunits and the discovery of different K +channel types [ 5 ] . Subsequent to the cloning of Shaker , K +channel genes from the Shab , Shaw and Shal families (later renamed Kv2, Kv3, and Kv4, respectively, for clarity [ 6 ] ) were identified in Drosophila.
In the few discrepant cases where no clear ortholog could be unambiguously identified (such as the four closely related members of the Rhodopsin gene family), we used the conserved microsyntenic gene orders maintained in these species to resolve orthologs (see below).
In The Kennedy Imprisonment , Garry Wills did a much better job of connecting the family attitudes toward sexual conquest, the pursuit of power, and the conduct of foreign policy.
The most advanced and consistent existing nomenclature, which includes both genes and pseudogenes and is implemented in the HORDE database, is based solely on phylogenetic clustering with consequent division of ORs into families and subfamilies [ 17, 22].
On the basis of sequence homo logy and similarity of three-dimensional structures, phosphoprotein phosphatases (PPases) have been classified into three families designated PPP, PPM, and PTP [reviewed in [ 1 2 3 ] . The PPP and PPM families are comprised of phosphoserine- and phosphothreonine-specific enzymes whereas the PTP family consists of phosphotyrosine-specific and dual-specificity enzymes [ 4 ] . The major members of the PPP family are PP1, PP2A, and PP2B (calcineurin) class of phosphatases.
The gene subsequently characterized as having mutations in Blau syndrome families was not in the interval.
The older hotels continue to make improvements to keep up with the megaresorts — Circus Circus built Grand Slam Canyon, a family theme park sheltered within a climate-controlled pink glass dome.
Multiple alignments of amino acid sequences were generated using a combination of PSI-BLAST, CLUSTALW [ 24] and secondary structure predictions that were produced using the PHD program [ 25] and the PSI-PRED program [ 26], with multiple alignments of individual protein families used as queries.
GPC5 belongs to the cell surface heparan sulfate proteoglycan family and is expressed in limb, kidney, developing central nervous system and brain tissue [ 21 22 ] . In vertebrates 6 glypican family members belonging to the proteoglycan family have so far been characterized [ 23 ] . Although there is a high degree of conservation of polypeptide sequence among family members, they are localized to different chromosomes.
The final rule amends the Child and Adult Care Food Program regulations governing reimbursement for meals served in family day care homes by incorporating changes resulting from the Department's review of comments it received on a January 7, 1997, interim rule.
0 Less than $10K $10K-$25K $25K-$50K $50K-$100K $100K and over Family income before taxes
Opioid receptors (ORs), like many other G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), are capable of signalling via the family of mitogen activated protein kinases (MAPKs).
In many families the shrine is erected as the result of a promesa or manda (promise or vow) made to a particular saint, or in memory of a family member who has died.
AlphaA and alphaB are members of the shsp family [ 7 ] . Previous studies have shown that the alpha-crystallin possesses molecular chaperone activity, binding to partially denatured proteins, both in vitro [ 5 ] and probably in vivo [ 6 ] , to inhibit further denaturation.
In this paper, we developed a hierarchical model for analyzing the pattern of gene segregation at both population and family levels, which thus can provide estimates of genetic parameters in two successive generations of the population.
Even the trailer compound--which had been tricked out with Swiss Family Robinson-style self-defense gizmos--was still off-limits to the media.
On sunny summer days, people picnic and families spend time in the fresh air.
Given that C. elegans has an unusually large number of polytopic membrane domains but a normal number of families, the amplification of polytopic membrane domains is limited to a few families.
In the case of families containing the L1s 12_173 and 2_22677, both of these L1-TDs 'found' the other as a family member; therefore the two families were consolidated into a single family (Table 1, family id 4).
For every poor family that receives legal assistance, Russell says, four families will go without any aid.
Tomb 57, that of Khaemhat, was decorated with statues of himself and his family — very rare for tombs of his class.
Elements with LTRs having such a high degree of similarity are usually considered members of the same family.
It was social criticism of the best sort, a tonic to the Family Ties/The Cosby Show pablum of the Reagan-Bush years.
Metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGluRs) are a family of class 3 G protein-coupled receptors with important functions in the regulation of synaptic transmission, plasticity, neuronal excitability, and the regulation sensory transduction [ 1 2 3 4 5 ] . The eight mGluRs (mGluR1-8) and their splice variants have been divided into three groups (I-III) based on sequence homology, pharmacology and G protein coupling profiles [ 3 6 7 ] . Group II (mGluR2 and 3) and III (mGluR4, and 6 through 8) couple negatively to adenylate cyclase through activation of the G i/o family of G proteins [ 8 ] . Group I mGluRs (mGluR1 and 5) couple to multiple G proteins in native and heterologous systems, and have been observed to couple to G q/11 , G i/o and/or G s [ 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 ] . mGluRs appear to be important mediators of synaptic transmission in the brain.
The secret rooms upstairs, where the family spent the daylight hours, are stark and bleak.
The new bioethical controversy is whether doctors should obey families who want to freeze the sperm of their deceased loved ones.
In modern Western culture, the elements of a "good death" include, besides freedom of pain, death at home with the family members being around, amongst others also the element of "awareness".
Nevertheless, because members of Osr26/Rire2 have the usual coding structure typical of other gypsy -like elements (while Osr25 elements entirely lack typical retroviral genes) and members of these two families fall into two sharply distinct, non-overlapping clades, we report these two types of elements as separate families.
He liked to do little league and soccer with him, and we did all the things families do.
Formerly owned by local businessman Dan Jennings, Mobile Park Plaza had been home to 45 low-income families, many of them Latino farm workers.
We must be able to reach all youth and families interested in values-based programs.
It treats the American experience as a simple equation plotted along two axes, as if class or gender or birthplace or birth order or family structure mattered not--as if contingency never sculpted one's sense of self.
There are nightly iftah meals at sundown (special Ramadan dishes) with families gathering to celebrate.
It was the tradition that the bridegroom’s family hosted the celebration after the church service.
We then conducted an all-against-all homology modelling exercise where every member of the family was modelled on every other template (resulting in 29 and 60 models for each member of the globin and immunoglobulin families respectively).
Typically there is only one adult per welfare "case," but not always--for example, under some conditions, two-parent families qualify for welfare.
In that same year, his family, friends and colleagues established a memorial scholarship at Indiana University School of Dentistry.
The advocates say the finding goes beyond existing law and is unrealistic because some renewed contacts often prove unavoidable in domestic abuse cases, which involve economic and family dependency and other complications of daily living.
Genetic counseling for patients and family members should always accompany genetic testing as variable expressivity and age dependent penetrance may influence clinical decision making [ 25 ] .
87% (325) of the 344 homeless families (1,353 persons) assisted and sheltered at Catholic Social Services' Holy Family Shelter found independent housing.
For the past several years we have been making a significant investment in the southeast side of Indianapolis and the families that live in our neighborhood.
As for ideology, I stick to my contention that family values hold sway partout, except in tiny subcultures.
The stack before me now includes Theodore S. Hamerow's On the Road to the Wolf's Lair: German Resistance to Hitler (1997); Joachim Fest's Plotting Hitler's Death (1996); Nathan Stoltzfus' Resistance of the Heart: Intermarriage and the Rosenstrasse Protest in Nazi Germany (1996); and Peter Hoffmann's Stauffenberg: A Family History, 1905-1944 (1995).
There has been very little theater in the Stein family.
First, a Pfam family needed to have a significant number of proteins containing no fewer than two TM regions to be identified as a polytopic membrane domain family.
But they have one private, hidden name which remains a family secret.
The raising of my consciousness as a Jew began at 21, when I married a Jewish girl whose family and community background were much more Jewish than mine, although she was still not an observant Jew.
These ORFs have sequence similarity to a conserved hypothetical protein found in several bacterial genera and the tetR family of transcriptional repressors, respectively.
Like other Btk family members, Rlk contains a highly conserved tyrosine (Y420) within a consensus sequence for phosphorylation recognized by Src family tyrosine kinases [ 23].
Naming the building after Reynoso seemed appropriate because the former justice came from a farm worker family that toiled in fields from Orange County to the Central Valley, said Jose Padilla, the group's statewide director.
Here, this discussion is expanded on the basis of the known structures of the 27 kinase families and the variations in sequence noted in the entire human protein kinase family.
For example, the study of hamster gametes has revealed significant information concerning the mechanisms underlying species-specific sperm-egg interactions [ 11 12 13 ] and the deleterious effects of endocrine disruptors on male and female reproductive development [ 14 15 16 17 ] . The hamster, mouse and rat are all members of the family Muridae, however both mice and rats belong to the subfamily Murinae while hamsters belong to the subfamily Cricetinae.
Routine BLAST searches of the database with individual members of the LD130 family of baculovirus proteins revealed high levels of similarity with a set of predicted envelope proteins from a number of insect retrovirus-like retrotransposons.
The typical middle-class family paid only the new gas tax.
Washington Post columnist Richard Cohen admonished critics, "It is an active family, an achieving family, and so its members have taken some chances."
This procedure might also lead us to miss highly homologous members of multigene families.
A striking exception was the family of vascular endothelial growth factors (VEGF).
Other mechanisms that may participate in the RU 486-induced inhibition of hepatic apoptosis include the fact that this compound blocks the inhibitory effect of glucocorticoids on suppressors of cytokine signalling in the liver [ 8 ] . This family of proteins is induced by growth hormones and cytokines, and is strongly repressed in vivo by glucocorticoids [ 8 ] . Up-regulation of these proteins by RU 486 [ 8 ] , coupled with significant increase in hepatic TNFα level found in animals treated with RU 486 [ 12 ] , may contribute to the inhibition of apoptosis observed in our study (Fig 1B).
The FDHC superfamily includes several distinct families.
The results of an 18-month study completed by Public/Private Ventures showed that children participating in one-to-one Big Sister and Big Brother matches for just one year, reduced first time drug use by 46%; lowered school absenteeism by 52%; cut aggressive behavior by 33%; enhanced school performance; and improved relations with family and friends.
Weekends can be busy with local families.
Among the six-transmembrane channels, there are two additional families.
On April 26, Seth's family learned that he is eligible for benefits.
This disclosure should be part of Sydney's commitment to the full reform of the IOC itself, so that it becomes a modern organisation designed to be open and accountable, not the cosy, corruption-prone 'family' it has been."
Looking at Saturday's line-up, it's clear the networks are betting that, in your post-holiday stupor, you won't notice the stunning array of box-office bowsers they're running: Rudy (Fox, 8 PM), Richie Rich (NBC, 8 PM), Medicine Man (TBS, 8: 05), Poison Ivy (UPN, 8 PM), Corrina, Corrina (TNT, 8 PM), Dunston Checks In (Family Channel, 8 PM).
The packaging for Seventh Generation toilet paper claims that "[i]f every household in the U.S. replaced just one roll of 500 sheet virgin fiber bathroom tissues with 100% recycled ones, we could save: 297,000 trees; 1.2 million cubic feet of landfill space, equal to 1,400 full garbage trucks; 122 million gallons of water, a year's supply for 3,500 families of four."
These isoforms may be required to provide unique functions or regulatory constraints within the varied micro-compartments requiring V-ATPases [ 26 27 34 39 43 ] . In addition, different isoforms may be responsible for targeting to varied subcellular compartments [ 10 26 28 36 41 44 47 ] . Furthermore, it is possible that gene family members may behave in a differential manner with respect to environmental stress [ 36 ] .
Analysis of the families of polytopic membrane domain in genomes
Among these are that glycine, tyrosine, and proline appear frequently in conserved locations within family transmembrane helices and that the specific pair motifs are found in families that seem to be transporters, symporters, and channels.
Three neuregulin genes ( NRG1-3 ) are also in the EGF family [ 18].
While I have met with the president at the White House on occasion, I did so only to discuss matters relating to family structure, teen-age pregnancy, and social consequences.
Steve Roberts ( Late Edition ) thinks that Bush is alluding to his family's history of honorable public service.
Just like families with unsavory family members, legal services programs tolerated the presence of private lawyers in our pro bono models of delivery because we had to-not because we thought they were doing anything useful.
There's another tortured family, too: Pistone's wife and three daughters, who languish in the absence of a steady father.
This suggests that in IL-1-stimulated chondrocytes, NF-κB family members may compete for dimerization partners and for binding sites in responsive genes.
Toxins of buthid venoms constitute a family of closely related peptides which could be classified into several structurally related peptides depending on their amino acid [ 1 ] . Although the information available on the mode of action of these toxins is limited, it appears that different short toxins exhibit considerable diversity in their physiological mechanisms in spite of their structural homology.
Other families are much larger in animals, as for example the homeo-domain family.
Comparisons of full-length cDNA sequences of each gene would increase the fractions of gene families both within and between these two libraries.
From the top of the tower, the Iznaga family would keep watch over their slaves toiling in the fields.
Spock relied on his own resilience, not science, to update his expertise for an era of feminism and family disarray.
The Maryland Legal Services Corporation over the years has supported various efforts to examine and improve the statewide system, including the 1987 Maryland Legal Services Review Commission (the "Cardin Commission"), the 1992 Commission on the Needs of Low-Income Persons in Family Law Matters, and the 1992 evaluation of the pro bono system in the state.
Unlike her aunt, she does not do macroeconomics--though, in the family tradition, she does do needlepoint.
(Note that the Harris and Klebold families, from afar, seem quite ordinary, lacking the social pathologies typically blamed for deranged teen-age psyches.)
Of the aligned domains, most of their TM-helices also aligned well, especially in Pfam-A families, which have alignments based on manually crafted hidden Markov models.
The LAT account is typical: "Negotiators appeared ready to make the [$500-per-family] child-care credit available to more low-income families than Republicans had wanted and more upper-income families than Democrats had sought.
A quartet of closely allied families
There’s lots of fun to be had for younger members of the family.
I can only assure them that, in our family, the breakfast table really is like this.
Take Blockbuster, which prides itself on being a "family video store."
Nominated for the Booker Prize in England, Desai's novel of a small-town family in India is deemed "splendid" (Gabriella Stern, the Wall Street Journal ). The two parts of the title refer to the internal structure of the book, the first half following the life of the family's plain and somewhat dim older daughter, who after failing to marry is consigned to the life of a glorified house servant.
It was a special matinee, under the auspices of the Stage Society, with a cast drawn exclusively from children of prominent theatrical families.
The Future of Family Feuds
Benefits often cover employees' families, and some companies now are extending benefits to same-sex partners as well.
32 Under the RSA proposal, a worker between the ages of 25 and 60 with family earnings of at least $5,000 could contribute up to $1,000 annually through either an employer-sponsored saving plan or a tax-deferred individual account.
With just a few quick strokes, writer-director M. N. Shyamalan paints a totally authentic-feeling picture of yuppiedom--its decent intentions, complacency, and loneliness--and I didn't see a less whitewashed or sensational portrait of working-class family life this year.
A more accurate rendering of the liberal position would be that rather than a single "general intelligence," there are a handful of crucial--and separate--mental abilities; that none of these abilities is important enough to obviate the role of family background and education; and that native ability (and economic success independent of native ability) can be enhanced by improving education, training, and public health.
Beyea, a lawyer at Pine Tree Legal Services, conducted the study and said she surveyed district court judges, case management officers, family law attorneys and people registered to be GALs.
Except for the 5-HT 3 receptor which is an oligomeric ion channel, all serotonin receptors are GPCRs and are divided into seven subfamilies based on sequence homology, gene structure, and signaling pathways [ 22 23 ] . The 5-HT 2C receptor, like other members of the 5-HT 2 family, stimulates phospholipase C, and increases IP 3 and DAG which leads to increased intracellular calcium and mediates many cellular processes.
Thus, studies of Runx genes in sea urchins, tunicates, and nematodes are likely to highlight primitive, pan-bilaterian regulatory functions of this family of genes in the cell biology of animal development.
Two of these classes are bacterial (one typified by the arsC found in enteric bacteria such as E. coli ; the other typified by the arsC found in Staphylococcus plasmids and other Gram-positive Bacteria); the third is the Arr2 gene of S. cerevisiae . Phylogenies of these gene families based on 18 arsC sequences were recently reported [ 30 ] . However, as well as microorganisms that have been shown to have demonstrable arsenate resistance, whole genome analyses of various microorganisms have revealed an increasing number of open reading frames (ORFs) that have homology to arsC . Inclusion of these putative arsC genes in phylogenetic analyses might resolve the basic question: Did arsenate resistance systems evolve from a common origin or develop convergently in multiple taxa?
Pee-wee's Playhouse runs every day on the Fox Family Channel, the cable network Pat Robertson recently sold to Rupert Murdoch.
Make sure everyone in your family knows what to do in the event of a fire."
The widespread distribution of the LRAT family in eukaryotes suggests that they possessed the enzymes from an early stage in their evolution.
While screening an additional three families, and reanalysis of our previous families we noted two variants in exon three: One was A155V (C>T) and second was R223C (C>T).
The clustering of functionally related genes in prokaryotic genomes into co-transcribed and co-regulated units, operons, often allows functional assignments through the principle of 'guilt by association' [ 30 31 32 ] . Generally, genes whose products physically interact to form a complex or are involved in successive steps in a biochemical pathway form operons that are conserved over large evolutionary distances [ 30 ] . On previous occasions, we have used gene neighborhoods or operons to predict novel DNA repair complexes and their components [ 33 ] . Accordingly, a similar approach was applied to the three families of SSAPs (RecT/Redβ, ERF, Rad52), to shed light on their functional links.
The bad news : 1) The richest families reaped most of the gains; 2) the poorest families' wealth shrunk; and 3) the average family's debt jumped nearly 50 percent.
Saying that this generation of Kennedys "does not seem to have inherited the exceptional ability of the family" and pointing out that "[r]isk-taking without high intelligence is not a good way of life," Rees-Mogg concluded: "The family has been doomed by its best as well as by its worst qualities; most of all, perhaps, by the rashness of its courage.
The daimyo were required to spend alternate years in Edo, while their families lived there all the time, as hostages of sorts.
A hundred years later, François Boucher painted a middle-class French family gathering for morning coffee in a little room with japanned woodwork and gilded moldings.
The publication says he's asked his wife not to come for the Saturday family picnic.
Sequence data collected directly from amplification products of several Cpn 1054 family members showed that polymorphisms within the polyC tract were present in all tested family members except Cpn 041 and Cpn 045 (not shown).
A friend of the family of Monica Lewinsky says she has told the grand jury that Lewinsky told her that President Clinton limited their sexual relationship to foreplay.
There are also reports that after a couple of days, spurred by concerns about legal responsibility, family member advice, or rationalizations, patient openness to discuss drinking and other problem behaviors decreases dramatically.
Dole and other business families were turning vast fields into pineapple plantations and importing new workers to plant and cultivate them.
Only Thomas Friedman ( Washington Week in Review ) came to the studio prepared, cribbing from his next day's New York Times column: According to a popular one-liner in Jakarta, the ruling Suharto family, which owns toll roads, banks, and other businesses, "[has] everything--but a sense of shame."
"Our friends, clergy, or family.
In 1807 the French invaded Lisbon, causing the royal family to flee to Brazil.
Some probands were homozygous for B alleles by DNA-based typing and family studies: B*07 (n = 13), B*08 (n = 3), B*37 (n = 1), B*44 (n = 2), and B*51 (n = 1).
The AcmB/LytN-like family is the most divergent family of the NlpC/P60 superfamily (Figure 4).
The RecT family is predominantly seen in the low-GC Gram-positive bacteria, such as Bacillus, Streptococcus, Lactococcus and Listeria, and their phages (Fig.
In a few Dominican villages, some families carry a gene that leaves newborn boys with undescended testicles and a stunted penis resembling a clitoris.
Focus on the Family dispenses family counseling over an 800 number and sponsors Dobson's daily radio broadcast, in which he serves up advice on marriage and child-rearing along with condemnations of "humanism," a philosophy he equates with all forms of social permissiveness.
Family rooms have been introduced in many spots, making it easier for younger children to enjoy meals with their parents (and vice versa).
We include a detailed analysis of the TOX subfamily members and show that the four family members are highly conserved in both mouse and human.
All have seen family members harassed, even persecuted to death."
In the summer of 1916, Strand went off to his family's country house in Twin Lakes, Conn., and there he decided to take on the Cubism of Picasso and Braque using available materials.
Viral movement proteins (MPs) are encoded by diverse, unrelated families of plant viruses, such as positive-strand RNA, negative-strand RNA, single-stranded DNA and double-stranded DNA viruses, and are essential for cell-to-cell movement of all these viruses [ 31, 32].
That is, an L1-TD is either a sibling of the other family members found, or it is the child of a progenitor element.
There was no family history of allergy to sulfa products.
We chose it because: first, a significant portion (~75%) of the 228 classified Pfam-A families had more than 20 members; and second, the potential bias from small families could be reduced as they tend to have more conserved residues than big families.
Apparently, other members of the clown's family have also received questionable payments.
Two major subfamilies within this family, typified respectively by AcmB and S. aureus LytN, are predominantly restricted to the Gram-positive bacteria, and function as cell-wall hydrolases.
He is invited to John F. Kennedy's inauguration, has a "Rothko room" installed in the Phillips Collection in Washington, D.C.--the first of several such rooms in museums around the world--and accepts a commission to decorate a chapel for the de Menil family in Houston (known as the Rothko Chapel).
dialogue on "McCarthyism" inspired a new thread, which this week drew parallels with multiculturalism and . One fraygrant recounted the case of Washington state's Canwell Committee red hunt and its victim, Melvin Rader; and Albert Canwell's later attacks on John and Sally Goldmark, which eventually led to the 1985 murders of the Goldmarks' son David and his family.
Of more than 200 FBN1 mutations reported, only one is a multi-exon deletion [ 7 ] . It involves deletion of exons 60-62 encoding three contiguous cbEGF-like domains [ 23 ] . This deletion co-segregated with affected status in a 3-generation family.
There is a further bit of embroidery to the myth: it is often claimed that F. A. Muhlenberg, Speaker of the House and member of a prominent assimilationist German family, stepped down to cast the deciding vote damning German in the U.S. forever to minority-language status (Muhlenberg's detractors go so far as to assert that his own German was pretty incompetent).
Members of the p24 family are type I membrane proteins, with a small carboxy-terminal cytoplasmic tail that interacts with the vesicle coat proteins and a globular lumenal region that probably interacts with the cargo [ 11, 12].
Campaign assertions about how much the average family's taxes have increased under Clinton should be regarded with suspicion.
Another group of names falls into the either-or category, in which a well-researched onomastic history could consign a family to either comforting averageness or ignominy.
Within the MMP family, MMP-1 (collagenase-1) and MMP-13 (collagenase-3) are expressed in arthritic joints, and efficiently degrade type II collagen [ 9 ] . MMP-13 is more effective than MMP-1 in cleaving type II collagen, but it is debated which is the principal collagenase in vivo [ 10 11 ] . These enzymes have been implicated in the pathology of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and osteoarthritis (OA), and have long been therapeutic targets [ 12 ] . Historically, inhibition of MMP-active sites has been a strategy; however, with wide-ranging side-effects and lack of efficacy, these studies are proving unfruitful in providing an effective drug [ 13 ] .
According to the barely decipherable Latin inscriptions, one of the statues honours a Roman senator; the other is a tribute from an aristocratic Roman family to Juno, the Roman goddess.
The New York Mafia consists of five families (Gambino, Genovese, Lucchese, Bonanno, and Colombo) that have sometimes cooperated, sometimes competed with one another.
But others have been pretty good--the tragically misunderstood Beavis and Butt-head , for instance, and its creator's subsequent King of the Hill . And now Fox, ever eager to flog its winning formulas to the point of exhaustion, has come up with The Family Guy , The PJs , and Groening's own Futurama . The critics have been generous to Futurama , confident that it will pick up steam as it goes along.
These two residues can comprise more than 25% of the total amino acids in some proteins of this family; in NPM3 they make up approximately 18% of the residues.
The functional characterization of clone 19 (SNIP1) as a novel CBP/p300 interactor and repressor has been reported recently in the signaling pathways of TGF-β [ 25 ] . The functional characterization of clone 12 (SIP2) as a new member of the sorting nexin family member has also been reported [ 31 ] . Studies of the novel protein SIP3 will be reported separately (Paralkar et al, manuscript in preparation).
Much of the research on Quinceañeras shows that families want to maintain a cultural historical tradition, and the celebration of a daughter’s fifteenth birthday is a means of continuing cultural ties to a Latino heritage.
In some kinships, different immunoglobulin deficiency phenotypes were observed among family members with CVID or IgGSD who shared HLA-A and -B haplotypes.
Another approach to the "species tree" problem involves analysis of phylogenetic trees for as many individual protein families as possible, in an attempt to identify a prevailing topology or at least common phylogenetic patterns.
The exact nucleotide positions where telomere repeats are added have been examined in several ciliates (reviewed by [ 23 53 ] ). Cloned chromosome ends from 81 MAC family indicated heterogeneity of TAS placement, which we attributed to exonuclease erosion of the broken ends prior to telomerase action [ 27 ] . Analogous multi-TAS regions have been described in Tetrahymena ( [ 49 ] ; E. Hamilton and E. Orias, pers.
The neurotrophin family includes Nerve Growth Factor (NGF), Neurotrophin-3 (NT-3), Neurotrophin-4/5 (NT-4/5), Neurotrophin-6 (NT6) and Brain-derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF).
But trees, preferably fruit trees, abound to make shade for family gatherings and outdoor cooking.
Those excruciatingly clean-cut and perfectly clad cinematic female bodies can seem to suggest a world unwilling to acknowledge the existence of adultery, homosexuality, racial strife, female lust and rage, political and cultural revolution, family dysfunction, or messy passion of any kind, not to mention irreparable loss, unbearable pain, and death.
A germline mutation in PTEN is associated with multi-neoplastic, autosomally dominant syndromes in humans, such as Cowden disease and Bannayan-Zonana syndrome (also known as Bannayan-Riley-Ruvalcaba syndrome), and 20-50% of affected females in these families develop breast cancer [ 15, 16, 17].
We also identified three gene families significantly differentially expressed in both datasets.
Care Corporation and the Franklin C. Fetter Family
Nine additional low-copy families identified by earlier workers are Osr47/Tos9 , Osr48/Tos10, Osr49/Tos11, Osr50/Tos13, Osr54/Tos19, Osr55/Tos20, Osr57/Rtr3, Osr58/Rrt5 , and Osr59/Rrt8.
Although sequence records in all three categories were found for most EPK family members, occasionally representative sequence records for only one or two sequence categories could be identified.
Dolphin Reef (see page 76) is an excellent family attraction, and children can actually swim or even dive with the dolphins (at a cost).
The House bill says that debtors whose earnings top the U.S. median family income (about $51,500 for a family of four) and who can repay at least 20 percent of their debts, will have to.
Nokes, anachronistically but suggestively applying 20 th -century standards of family unity, argues that Jane was traumatized by a separation from two of her six brothers.
Furthermore, assays were validated by confirmation of polymorphic Mendelian inheritance patterns in seven human family cell lines ( n = 134), each encompassing three generations.
Their children did not realize others spoke German, but rather thought it was their family's personal, private language.
Any intimation that our relationship was improper will be a source of deep distress to me, to my husband of many years, and to other members of my family.
The camp offers summer residential programs for children from ages 7-17, and continues contact with the campers and their families with special overnight and weekend follow-up events during the school year.
Second, we have demonstrated interactions between these molecules in cells co-expressing both Rlk and the Src family kinase, Fyn.
Standing at his feet are diminutive representations of his family.
I found the basic setup--that Michael has no inkling of Gina's family ties--implausible, since where I come from you don't ask a woman to marry you (you don't even get past the first date) until you've explained to her the ways in which your family screwed you up and have expressed tender sympathy for the ways in which her family did likewise.
Members of this family (here termed the N1pC/P60 family) from the genus Bacillus have been shown to be D, Lendopeptidases that hydrolyze the D-γ-glutamyl-meso-diaminopimelate linkage in the cell-wall peptides [ 19].
It is now a family museum.
Members of the LD130 family showed Z-scores of 9 and 10 to two groups containing eight gypsy proteins.
9-nitropaullone, the most potent member of a novel class of the paullone CDK inhibitor family, inhibits CDK1/cyclin B at 10-fold lower concentrations than flavopiridol and roscovitine [ 22, 23, 24].
The DLG5 gene encodes for a protein that is a member of the MAGUK (Membrane Associated Guan late Kinase homologs) family of proteins located in the plasma membrane [ 2 ] . MAGUK is a new family of proteins that act as a molecular scaffold for intracellular signaling pathways [ 11 ] . The MAGUK family of proteins is characterized by domains that interact with other proteins to create an assembly of large multi-protein complexes [ 10 ] . The PDZ (PSD-95, DLG and ZO-1) domains are the best characterized for their binding to the C-terminal region of channels and transmembrane proteins [ 11 ] . Usually each protein has 1-3 copies of such domains [ 8 12 13 ] . The SH3 domain (Src homology 3) are present in proteins that couple transmembrane receptors to signaling molecules [ 14 ] . The presence of this domain in MAGUKs increases their possibilities of interacting with signaling pathways.
Then in 1960, Otis Chandler, the surfing, antique-car-collecting scion of the Chandler family (which owns most of Times Mirror), took over as publisher.
The appearance of a new Muriel Spark novel is like a birth in one of those large artistic families that run to genius and oddness: the Brontës, the Redgraves, the Beach Boys, the Jackson brood.
We might also interview selected low-income families with regard to their experience in seeking housing or we might, as participant-observers, pose as low-income applicants and report our own experiences in finding housing for families of different sizes and within different payment ranges (judgmental, numerical, and nonnumerical).
The input for RIO consists of a query protein sequence together with a Pfam alignment for a protein family that the query belongs to.
The cover story is an oral history of Stanley Kubrick told by film types and family members.
HMG-box family proteins are found in a variety of eukaryotic organisms and most are known or suspected regulators of gene expression.
Located well south of city center inside the Third Ring Road, it goes into full swing at sunrise every Sunday morning, when over 100,000 visitors sift through wares ranging from antiques and collectibles to ceramics and family heirlooms.
Most recently, a crackpot named William F. Pepper has convinced King's entire family that the U.S. government, including President Lyndon Johnson, .
This statement perpetuated doubts about Murdoch's attitude to the British royal family.
From USA Today , this stop-the-presses news on condoms-in-the-schools programs: "Condom Access Shows No Effect on Teen Sex Rate," which evoked this response from Family Research Council spokeswoman Gracie Hsu: "You are laying down a standard that says teen-age sexual behavior is fine so long as you use condoms."
For example, OCI-Ly3 lymphoma cells constitutively express two anti-apoptotic BCL-2 family members, A1 and MCL1, which are not expressed at high levels in normal lymphocytes.
Some of the more striking findings: Although from 1995 to 1998 the median family net worth rose from $60,900 to $71,600, the median family with a main breadwinner younger than 35 saw its net worth shrink by nearly 30 percent; during that same time span, median family debt rose from $23,000 to $33,300; and the percentage of families that own stock went from 31.
The Los Angeles Times leads with the likelihood that Congress will approve the most sweeping changes in bankruptcy law in decades--which will make it significantly harder for those with annual family incomes over $50,000 to wipe out their debts.
3) The New York Times reported that the administration endorsed a project in China that was financially important to the Riady family just after a Riady-controlled company put Webster Hubbell on its payroll.
Most archaeologists agree that this extraordinary ensemble of monuments represents the tombs of wealthy Jewish families from Jerusalem’s Hellenistic period.
Access to the courts has been enhanced through a variety of self-help options, including online assistance in every county, a system of family law facilitators, increased funding for alternative dispute resolution and simplified forms and procedures.
This region extends from Y140 to K153 and is shown in Table 1. The homologous sequences of other representative members of this family are also shown.
Alignment A produces high Z scores when the M1 profiles of nonKir families are compared to each other and when the KirBac families are compared to the Kir family.
Feingold, who is up for re-election in 1998, carries a different tune when it comes to aid to families with dependent cheese.
Take Focus on the Family, a "parental rights" activist group with a mailing list of 3.5 million names, and its ally, the Family Research Council.
Until the 1940s, horses and carriages were the only modes of transportation permitted along the narrow Bermuda roads, and almost every well-to-do family had a horse-drawn vehicle.
The Hoover Family Foundation can help us begin with thirty, inner-city young women.
The family belongs to the passive-aggressive school of communication.
Conduction disease preceded the development of dilated cardiomyopathy in the proband's family [ 1 10 ] . This indicates the necessity for careful documentation of a three-generation pedigree in the evaluation of patients with conduction system disease paying particular attention to sudden death, arrhythmia and bradycardia.
101Yet Jarrah clearly differed from the other hijackers in that he maintained much closer contact with his family and continued his intimate relationship with Senguen.
For instance, although the overall rate of positive first-degree family history (19%) among cases is similar to that reported in other recent series [ 16 17 ] , the controls in this population had rates of family history comparable to those of the cases.
The Tuckers were one of the most influential families on Bermuda, the first family member having arrived on the island in 1616.
They and their wives met for a "family dinner" in Beijing.
10 which have earlier been classified as C-terminal kinesins [ 25] and six other Arabidopsis kinesins form a subgroup within the C-terminal family (See Fig.
De facto power was exercised by the militarily and economically strongest family.
Here, for example, is Morris' riff on the extraordinarily complicated 60-year history of the modern American welfare state: "Under the 1935 Social Security Act, a family on welfare was re-classified as 'self-supporting' the moment Pop was hired ...
Kir7 was selected because it is the Kir subfamily most distant from the other Kir subfamilies, as indicated in Table 1. Of the different K +channel families, KirBac's were found to be most similar to the Kir superfamily in the PsiBlast searches primarily because of the homology of their similar, relatively long C-terminal sequences following the M2 segments.
Furthermore, it is possible that these gene family members may behave in a differential manner with respect to stress.
The two families whose phenotype did not map to FEOM1 (K, BT) had haplotype and linkage data consistent with linkage to FEOM3 (Fig.
This has already occurred in family medicine, which is currently the medical service with the highest screening rate.
Amirs, or princes, from the Al-Sabah family have ruled Kuwait in consultation with prominent community figures for over 200 years.
Shore Revised ends with the ubiquitous shot of the politician with his family and the ubiquitous spiel about him fighting for his family and yours.
We have refined the previously published genomic structure of sarcospan more fully and screened for mutations in six families with CFEOM1.
Aside from its well-characterized role in protein folding [ 66 ] , Hsp70 is known to associate with the GR in the cytoplasm, where it promotes formation of a heterocomplex between the inactive GR and Hsp90 [ 67 ] . In addition, Hsp70 becomes concentrated in the nucleus when cells are exposed to environmental stress [ 68 ] . Of particular note, the nuclear accumulation of the Hsp70, Ssa4p, in response to nutrient deprivation in yeast appears to occur by a novel mechanism that involves its direct interaction with Mmd5p, a member of the importin-β family [ 69 ] . A role for Rab24 in nuclear trafficking would be unanticipated, since the only GTPase known to function in nuclear import/export (Ran) is structurally distinct from the Rab subgroup of the Ras superfamily [ 70 71 ] . Nevertheless, we can speculate that if Rab24 participates in a stress-induced pathway for nuclear import of Hsp70 in mammalian cells, the constitutive overexpression of Rab24(D123I) might stimulate aberrant accumulation of Hsp70/importin-β aggregates at the nuclear pore complex.
The presence of the Ets binding site in this regulatory region is particularly interesting because levels of Ets-1, a lymphoid-specific member of the Ets family [ 27, 28], have been shown to closely resemble the mRNA and protein levels observed for CD5 in different T cell subsets [ 29] [ 5, 6].
However, the royal family’s triumphant return three years later, with the rebellious nobles crushed, saw the monarchy stronger than ever.
As a result of this branching analysis, the family of 347 hORs was subdivided into 119 families from 1 to 14 members in each (Figure 5).
JEvTrace is one possible implementation of protein family analysis.
In the '70s, blues rock (a modern white version of the blues) transformed itself into heavy metal , typified by Led Zeppelin . Singer/songwriters like James Taylor recorded easy-listening confessionals, and country-rockers like the Eagles institutionalized The Byrds' country experiments (and adumbrated the slick contemporary country sound of Nashville stars like Garth Brooks ). Funk ( James Brown , Sly and the Family Stone, Funkedelic) made soul wilder and looser, and disco combined the celebration of Eros and dancing with beats derived from funk, Latin music, and German experimentalists like Kraftwerk.
Twenty-four additional families were included beyond the families that comprised the original Minnesota Cohorts 1 and 2 [ S13, S14].
from recordings of Christmas-dinner family conversations?
Sherry learned through our Future Works class that she could rise out of the mire of the welfare system and support her family.
M ost dubious proof of pregnancy: The Globe 's aforementioned Jennifer Aniston story, in which one of the "strong hints" that Aniston was "in a family way" was the fact that when children come to the Friends set, she is always "the first to rush over and ask if she can hold the tot."
My uncle recalled a time when in a Mexican restaurant he and his family had waited an overly long time for their order.
But, the holiday season is a particularly difficult time for these families.
Our homes, jobs and families can be at stake.
Some families have opened up their homes to visitors and you can have an evening meal with them and discover more about their world.
The marriage, kept secret from Bonnard's family, was the result of a traumatic development in Bonnard's life.
There were 2644 clones that belonged to these largest families.
Very little flourishes here — perhaps a solitary acacia tree whose deep roots seek water deep below the surface — but the odd desert fox will raise its long ears above the skyline, and you’ll still see family groups of wild camels eking out an existence.
NOW accuses PK of being too friendly with the bad boys of the religious right: media mogul James Dobson (who gave PK its initial seed money and promotes it on his radio network), Pat Robertson (who promotes PK on television), and Gary Bauer (who heads the Dobson-backed Family Research Council).
Structures and sequences were examined for a representative member of each of the 27 kinase families listed in the Structural Classification of Proteins (SCOP) database [ 49].
The article is a classic, probably the first on the subject to appear in a scholarly journal, though there are other informal references to family language, some of which are documented by Dickson in his Bibliography.
Genomic organization of the yCCR4-related gene families
Does Mary Bono, Sonny's widow, believe in good old-fashioned conservative family values?
However, during the Release 1 analysis, Drosophila researchers annotated particular families of genes about which they were expert and for which they may have had specific unpublished information.
She lives in fear of breast cancer; adores Ingrid Bergman; learns to ride a bike, then, ridiculed by her family, abandons it.
Thesis: Dance is the substitute for the home and family that he never really had.
Linkage to FEOM1 was ruled out in family BT (see Additional file 1).
The Amish family siblings were selected to determine the frequency of high antibody concentration in children and young adults.
The observation has been made that strokes in sickle cell disease are clustered in families, but no clear epidemiological confirmation of this has been published.
He was born in 1899 on Manhattan's Lower East Side, into an Irish family facing problems you can still see every week on NYPD Blue . His father was a tragic combination of saloonkeeper and drunk who died relatively young during the Spanish flu epidemic of 1918.
The PIF3 family currently consists of about eight paralogous proteins in Arabidopsis and an ortholog from rice.
Some are quite unique and their reporters cannot imagine their origin; others, like Penn Station , “what one family terms a child's misinterpretation of a famous line or phrase,” are clear: the generic term comes from the Lord's Prayer—“And lead us not into Penn Station.”
Four highly conserved sequence motifs were identified, which are a signature feature of this protein family and which are also conserved in the homologs LeFPP and OsFPP from tomato and rice, respectively.
The data reported here confirm the evidence for genetic linkage at 1q41 in 210 SLE sibpair families from the Minnesota collection.
For all families, the genomic organization of several members of the family could be compared.
During the softball season my husband and I got to know many of the team parents and were particularly taken with the extended family of a ninth-grader, a new player on the team.
Its population is actually dwindling, as women assert themselves in careers and couples contemplate the economic challenges of raising a family in a congested and competitive city like Madrid.
In Florence, where his family had to fight tooth and nail to hold on to their supremacy, Lorenzo “il Magnifico” de’ Medici (1449–1492) found time to encourage the art of Perugino, Ghirlandaio, Botticelli, the young Leonardo, and tempestuous Michelangelo.
Physicians can play an instrumental role by educating patients and families about the nature of the symptom, and by giving the patient "permission" to rest.
To justify a current policy, a well-known organization cites these conditions: "unrelenting crowding, lack of privacy, infrequent communications with family and the outside world, no ability even to go … for fresh air and a view."
Two generations of the Barnhart family have been intimately involved in dictionary-making, certainly one of the most unusual family businesses one could imagine.
The award-winning illustrated history magazine -Traces of Indiana and Midwestern History; the scholarly journal- Indiana Magazine of History; the family history publication -The Hoosier Genealogist; and the Hoosier African-American history newsletter- Black History News & Notes.
Newspapers said the statistics signaled the decline of marriage and "traditional" families . But researchers said that Americans are increasingly recognizing that these "modern" households can work.
The statistics might seem cold, but it's impossib le to remain complacent after meeting someone like Katherine -- or a family who has been left homeless by an illegal eviction, a senior who lost his home to foreclosure from a crooked loan transaction, or a domestic violence victim unable to navigate the courts to get a restraining order.
The results therefore strongly suggest the existence of a conserved CCR4-NOT complex in human cells, and of a new family of potential deadenylases in mammals.
Although ribosylation of other Rho family proteins such as Rac1 can occur with C3 [ 33 ] , this seemed to be very weak [ 13 ] . In our work, C3 electroporated into the T cell line HPB-ALL caused complete ADP-ribosylation of Rho proteins (~25 kDa).
In total, we identified 231 Pfam-A and 318 Pfam-B families as polytopic membrane domains.
Using Alta Vista's translator, I've double-translated a passage from the Tsu-tech "Inti-Mist" Family Bidet Web site into French then back to English:
Slate Family Values
The Apicomplexan family of parasites, exemplified by Plasmodia, are major disease agents of humans.
Furthermore, we observed some overlap in the families representing the L1-TDs 5_7396, 7_12643, and X_11447.
Thus, this family of proteins appears to be conserved among higher plants, but we have not found convincing homologs from yeast or animals by sequence similarity searches.
Meanwhile, the World Cup coverage exalts players who focus on their families.
Prudie might point out that the group to which you refer is also not immediate family.
Alignment of this family is difficult, because only a small number of residues are recognizably conserved across all family members.
Your observations about Carmela, and your questions about Meadow and Anthony junior, her two children, bring us to one of the more interesting subtopics in mobology: What do the families know, and how do they live with what they know?
3. In a follow-up study with 50 families, King et al.
PP2 is a serine/threonine phosphatase which dephosphorylates JNK during inflammatory cell signaling [ 19 ] , while MKP5 is a member of the dual specificity phosphatase family which selectively dephosphorylates stress activated MAP kinases including JNK [ 20 ] . The overexpression of these two phosphatases might contribute in part to the resistance of HL60/TLK286 by impairing the activity of JNK.
3. Career and family.
We call this variation of the ET method a parent (or child) trace, and it is especially useful for families with few subclades and cases of highly speciated specificity.
Upon such fractionation, we observe the Src family kinase Fyn constitutively associated with the RAFT fraction (Fig.
To identify the best alignments of the Kir and KirBac families to the transmembrane segments of these families, similarities of the sequence profiles were calculated as described in the Methods for different alignments of KirBac's for both the M1 and M2 segments.
Homopolymeric cytosine (poly C) tract and the variations of the length of poly C tracts in the Cpn 1054 gene family
The man is immediately attracted and wants the woman, but when he gets near her and sees the skull face, he faints and hours later awakens in the hospital with his wife and family surrounding him.
Take into account improvements in the quality of many other products, and it does not seem at all absurd to say that the material standard of living of that poverty-level family in 1996 is as good as or better than that of the median family in 1950.
Both our Barefoot in the Grass family picnic (July 23,2000) and the annual SCS Founders Day celebration (October 11,2000) are free for Georgia O'Keeffe members.
In contrast, in the PAI gene family, combining the master locus (WS ecotype PAI1/PAI4 ) with a non-allelic singlet target locus possessing 100% sequence identity (Columbia PAI2 ) resulted in methylation after two generations of heterozygous contact, and methylation became more pronounced after another two generations [ 12 ] . Likewise, in the petunia CHS gene family, interaction between an epiallele of the direct-repeat locus, CHS41, with two types of target loci, either an unlinked inverted repeat locus or a more naïve allele of CHS41, was initially additive and only became suppressive in the second generation [ 4 10 ] .
Real MPD is incredibly rare, but therapists in the 1980s and early '90s "diagnosed" it in thousands of women: They hypnotized patients by the thousand, persuaded them that they had been sexually abused by family members, and then induced them to discover other personalities.
We Are Family
Levesh and Palazzolo, who serve on a statewide family law task force, both say they look forward to working at the new center.
Those numbers are more than double the biggest family in Drosophila melanogaster, which is PF00083 (Sugar (and other) transporter) with 108 members.
Family Court was set up as a user-friendly place and continues to add programs to streamline the process.
Dr. Laura's crusade against the APA study enlisted the legions of the Christian right: the Family Research Council, the Christian Coalition, Dr. James Dobson, Jerry Falwell, and the Traditional Values Coalition.
On the basis of a survey of the available portion of the GBRD and MRD, we estimate the copy number of Osr8 to be around 1,100 (more than any other copia -like family).
Btk is thought to be activated upon BCR cross-linking by a two-step mechanism involving phosphatidylinositol (PI) 3-kinase and the Src family PTK Lyn (reviewed in references [ 4, 5, 6]).
He launched a magazine--demonstrating, according to Reuters, that "like other members of his legendary family, Kennedy had a taste for danger and took risks."
Clinton has positioned himself as America's "father" (strong, empathic, kind), so we've rallied around him as we would a family member in crisis.
Motifs in other protein families were identified by genomic cross-networking with PSIBLAST (see methods for details).
Provocative mechanistic connections have been made between the steroid hormone superfamily, including the SERMS and retinoids, and the TGF-β family of multifunctional growth factors.
The Gore family has speculated that the Nixon administration wanted to make sure that Little Al didn't create good publicity for Big Al from Vietnam--possibly by getting injured.
Most family physicians and otolaryngologists are not able to spend even a small fraction of this much time with one patient during an office visit.
The formerly identified "mCCR4", "hCCR4" [ 21 ] and nocturnin [ 22 ] proteins are grouped within the same family (called hereafter the nocturnin family, with the "mCCR4" and "hCCR4" proteins re-named m.nocturnin and h.nocturnin, and the xenopus nocturnin protein, xe.nocturnin).
Less than a year ago, Molinari left her seat in the House to become a TV anchor and, according to news reports, to spend more time with her family.
It's the family restaurant of media conglomerates.
After settling his family in Karachi, KSM tried to join the mujahid leader Ibn al Khattab in Chechnya.
While we know about AQP sequences, structure, expression, post-translational modification, permeability properties and subcellular location from some case studies, our ability to extrapolate from gene sequence to functional properties for unstudied members of the same family is still limited.
The expression data for various members of a single Pfam family in one experiment was first converted into binary digits and then summarized as the Family Regulation Ratio.
Influenced by Elkins, Moynihan suggested that slavery--and the barriers to male employment imposed by Jim Crow--had instilled in African-American culture such recurring features as broken families and illegitimacy.
Of all the 168 Pfam-A families of polytopic membrane domains we studied, 45 are classified as transporters, channels, and symporters, representing 27% of the total families.
Teams of Italian, French, Flemish, and German architects and sculptors contributed to this astonishing cathedral, begun in 1386 by the ruling Visconti family.
The selectins are a family of molecules on which neutrophils will roll but not firmly adhere [ 20 ] . Table 2shows that significant differences in rolling velocities of neutrophils were seen on E- versus P-selectin coated surfaces in agreement with previous observations.
Aside from nobility, most inhabitants of German-speaking central Europe started taking family names in the Middle Ages.
We analyzed 135 Pfam families, whose family members are well represented on the Incyte microarrays.
Although the RT of Osr3 was detected during our survey, elements in this family are fragments with ill defined LTRs.
The wealthy and ambitious Medici (not doctors, as their name implied) emerged as the dominant merchant family.
It said Carrascalao's house is only yards from the base of the Aitarak pro-Indonesia militia group whose leader Eurico Guterres in May ordered his men to go to war with the Carrascalao family.
Aid to Families with Dependent Children is the safety net for the poorest American families with children.
At home, in their brief stops,they glide effortlessly up the ladder of good schools,ladder of yard space, of techno-buttonsin the family room, vehicles lined on the drive,the whole ensemble an island drifting further and further from the rotted core.
But in recent decades, even as the amount of time families spend cooking has shrunk to nearly nothing, kitchens have become increasingly ostentatious.
Seven of the nine families are represented in Arabidopsis.
Exquisite statuary and intricate jewelry found in the family tombs below show a softer side of these enigmatic people and brought the world of Agamemnon to life.
The discovery of novel "non-kinase" phorbol ester receptors challenges the use of phorbol esters as selective PKC activators [ 24 ] . Therefore, we were interested in whether a member of the PKC family mediated the effect of PMA in LS1034 cells or whether some other proteins could also be involved.
Often there is a contractual obligation on film-makers to achieve a PG13, for which the minimum requirement is one use of the obscenity fuck . It is perhaps significant that even in the supremely “family” film Memphis Belle an attentive ear will detect the single requisite usage.
even the incarnation of the family."
The last town on the north shore, Keszthely (pronounced kest-hey), was once owned entirely by the wealthy Festetics family, and their palace is one of Hungary’s most important Baroque monuments (open all year round).
They wish to preserve the freedoms brought by women working, sexual enlightenment, and feminism, even as they also worry about the fragility of family life and the dangers their children face.
A mailman stops me in the street--I'm not making this up--to expound his own deduction from Philip Roth's tale of family calamity, to wit, that without a clear sense of God, modern Americans are doomed to lose their bearings and society will go to hell.
[* Methodological fine print: "Welfare" means Aid to Families with Dependent Children (AFDC) or its successor program, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF).
Eighty-five families with at least two members with ruptured or unruptured IA and no family history of polycystic kidney disease were ascertained from a sampling frame of 1150 consecutive patients treated between 1977 and 1990 for aneurysmal SAH by the Department of Neurosurgery at the University Hospital of Kuopio, which serves a genetically homogenous population of 870,000 in eastern Finland [ 1 ] . Initially, family history was assessed by a short questionnaire and all putative cases were confirmed from medical and autopsy records.
The complexity of the Ca 2+messenger system is increased through the existence of families of proteins.
There is no love between individuals, no families, no devotion to anyone or anything to compete with devotion to the State.
The baculovirus Bro proteins are encoded by a multigene family and represent another class of virus-specific DNA-binding regulators whose evolutionary affinities are not yet understood.
I did, however, add that I had failed to acquire a family, and I hoped to secure a wife and two children as soon as possible so we could spend more time together.)
In addition, only two TF families (MYB & WRKY) were identified and listed within the "gene family page" http://www.arabidopsis.org/info/genefamily/genefamily.html.
The YaeF/Poxvirus G6R-like and the LRAT-like families
We hypothesize that it is unlikely that some members of the TMC family display an atypical topology, thus we propose that the lipophilic intracellular loop between TM6 and TM7 bears some flexibility, which may enable this domain to integrate into the inner surface of the phospholipid bilayer or even to pass through the plasmamembrane (Figure 2).
Genomic analyses have recently revealed a large gene family of 21 polymorphic outer membrane proteins (Pmps) with predicted outer membrane localization in C. pneumoniae [ 7 10 11 ] . The function of this gene family in chlamydial growth and development remains unknown.
After taking into account the effect of the aforementioned associations (descriptive analysis) as well as the effect of several potential confounders, like age and sex of the participants, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, total serum cholesterol and blood glucose levels, as well as premature family history of coronary heart disease, we found that effect of the consumption of Mediterranean diet on the coronary risk remains beneficial.
Therefore, we have 228 Pfam-A, 298 Pfam-B and 121 clustered families for further analysis.
John Engler says it "strengthens families, stabilizes neighborhoods, builds communities, enhances self-sufficiency, and promotes personal well-being."
Just as there is a spectrum of alcohol use problems, there may be a family of solutions.
The second family, hereafter named the 3635 family, contains as yet unknown proteins from C. elegans, D. melanogaster and H. sapiens (Table 1).
The phyletic distribution suggests that the AcmB/LytN-like family emerged early in the Gram-positive lineage, through rapid sequence divergence.
Although less frequent, 1p gains are also common to many tobacco-associated malignancies [ 11 13 14 15 16 ] . Work by Racz and colleagues suggest that PAX7 and ENO1 may be candidate oncogenes in this region [ 21 ] . PAX7 is part of a family of transcription factors known to be carcinogenic.
The proteins encoded by Tnfrh1 and Tnfrh2 share a conserved arrangement of multiple cysteine residues, characteristic of the extracellular ligand-binding domains of other TNF receptor family members (Fig.
Some of the more striking findings: Although from 1995 to 1998 the median family net worth rose from $60,900 to $71,600, the median family with a main breadwinner younger than 35 saw its net worth shrink by nearly 30 percent; during that same time span, median family debt rose from $23,000 to $33,300; and the percentage of families that own stock went from 31.
The man, Sam Cohen, worked at the store for 46 years, after barely escaping the Holocaust, which claimed most of his family.
But even with an income of $75,000 per year, they can afford only so much for Skip and Buffy's tutoring, so they limit their family size in order to bestow more on fewer kids.
The DAZ gene family encodes RNA binding proteins that are expressed specifically in germ cells.
The Sala de Abencerrajes recalls the aristocratic family of that name, who was accused of disloyalty and collusion with the Christians by Boabdil.
This study explores an approach to relate protein families based on quantitative comparison of the family mRNA expression profiles.
We applied this analysis to the entire Arabidopsis AQP gene family, and the results are shown in Table 4. The PIP and TIP classes were found to fall clearly in the 'AQP-type' family group (Table 4).
In Ghirlandaio’s Madonna of Mercy (right aisle, 2nd bay), portrayed immediately to the right of Mary is the Florentine banker-navigator-cartographer Amerigo Vespucci, who gave his name to the continent of America (and whose family was a sponsor of this church).
In contrast, activation of Btk and Itk by Src family kinases is PI3K-dependent.
The CPKs, a very large family of protein kinases, also add complexity to Ca 2+regulation.
While Allen calls the wedding, which makes him Farrow's son-in-law, a "wonderful thing," Farrow family spokesman Dr. Stephen Herman, a child psychiatrist, is quoted in the Globe as denouncing it: "rude, nasty and most of all, it's a reflection of his own narcissism."
America is the greatest nation in the world, and our athletes continually prove to the world how great a nation we truly are, thanks to the generous support of Olympic family members like you.
In addition, only two TF families (MYB & WRKY) were identified and listed within the "gene family page" http://www.arabidopsis.org/info/genefamily/genefamily.html.
In Prinsengracht, Otto Frank and his family hid in the attic of their business premises for over two years before being discovered.
It seems summer options aren't readily available for troubled kids whose families have limited incomes, so we're doing all we can to make Jameson available.
A BLASTP and TBLASTN search of the Drosophila genome with members of the cytoskeleton protein families identified 262 genes with moderate to completely convincing homology to cytoskeletal genes [ 8].
The DNA sequence of each member of these families was collected and multiple alignments among the family members were performed using the clustalx and GeneDoc software [ 53 54 55 ] . Manual inspection of the alignment of the family member sequences revealed that 12 of these families had more than 10 members, and it was immediately clear that the matches with the putative transduced sequences in these families were based solely on patchy alignments of largely low-complexity sequence.
Sequence traces belonging to transposable element families were assembled using an aggressive strategy that resulted in composite sequences for most of the transposable elements in Release 2. Part of the finishing effort has been to determine the sequence of each individual element.
He stayed home for a while and then told his family he was going to the United Arab Emirates to work for an airline.
This includes the effort to give one's progeny the power to pass genes even further-- hence, family names, mansions, and monuments.
Some choices proffered in the new "Marriage and Family" thread: friendship, mutual respect, honesty, humor, and variety.
Families are being torn apart, and too often, children are the victims.
According to this nomenclature, receptor sequences with 40% or more amino-acid identity are considered members of the same family, whereas those sharing 60% or more identity constitute a subfamily.
The hypothetical patients were explicitly assumed: 1) to not be taking aspirin or lipid-lowering agents at baseline; 2) to not have responded to a trial of a low-fat diet; 3), to not be overweight; and 4) to not have a family history of early myocardial infarction.
3C) is a member of epidermal growth factor (EGF) family of mitogens [ 29 ] . Expression of epiregulin has been reported to be highest in placenta and in a subset of carcinoma cells.
Some reports suggest that IgA deficiency segregates with a HLA haplotype(s) containing A*01, B*08 in some families [ 4 5 6 19 20 ] . Thus, we analyzed the frequencies of the haplotype A*01-B*08 in the present index patients grouped according to presence of normal or subnormal pre-treatment serum concentrations of IgG, IgA, and IgM, respectively.
When the all-consuming fire of 1831 broke out, 64 families were worshipping in the small synagogue.
The Romanization of Gaul sent the most energetic warriors to defend the outposts of the empire while their families settled down to work the land or build towns such as Lyon, Orange, Arles, and Nîmes, and the first great highways between them.
Assigning a name to an enzyme would be vastly more simple if all homologs belonging to a given protein family possessed identical substrate specificities.
Set just below Cruz del Vigía, one of the finest houses in Ponce, Castillo Serrallés (Serrallés Castle) is not a castle but actually a spectacular family home built in the 1930s for the Serrallés family, owners of the Don Q rum company.
The evidence for linkage was examined in the subset of families that carried the 'risk' haplotypes, defined as those families carrying three-marker haplotypes from D1S229 to D1S2641 that displayed at least a 2:1 transmission:non-transmission ratio (see Fig.
The breakdown of transcription factors into families and the queries used for their identification is shown in Table 1.
Families left behind by defectors are routinely shot.
According to Monte Carlo folklore, it was a slide, accessible only through a trap-door, that emptied out into the Mediterranean far below: the bodies of gamblers who had taken their own lives after losing the family fortunes were dispatched through the chute into oblivion.
Although originally named because of their ability to induce bone and cartilage formation [ 15 ] , BMPs are involved in many developmental processes, including cell proliferation and differentiation, apoptosis, and intercellular interactions during morphogenesis [ 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 ] . Members of the bone morphogenetic protein family function in a gene dosage dependent manner during development and participate in ocular development [ 26 27 28 29 ] . Therefore, mutations that alter the level of BMPs or alter the degree of BMP signaling are candidates to contribute to Axenfeld-Rieger syndrome and other conditions involving anterior segment malformation, elevated IOP, and glaucoma.
Significance of the relatedness of the members of the Ld130 family
Leslie Dunkling writes [XVII,1], “In many Jewish families [belief that use of a living person's name would deprive him of his soul] prevents the use of a relation's name if the person concerned is still alive.”
Endorsements included every group from the Christian Coalition (it promotes family values) to feminist groups (women would be the prime beneficiaries).
Traditionally the site of the Carré Circus, the Carré family built a wooden structure on the site to house their shows.
For example, the user may start with the all-alpha class and drill down through fold, superfamily, family, and domain level.
I hastily told them what it said on the towel: THE SUN WAS SHINING AND THE DUDE'S FAMILY WENT ON A PICNIC.
Because there is considerable evidence that the substance may well be a carcinogen, quinacrine sterilizations are banned in the U.S. and are opposed by nearly all family planning organizations and many foreign governments.
The central section of the building is where the royal family lived.
In a Rose Garden appearance Wednesday, Clinton charged that Republicans are trying to "divert your attention" from "the American people and their families and their future."
This GPCR-mediated regulation of ion channels also depends on the coordination and parallel regulation of protein tyrosine kinase and protein tyrosine phosphatase activities [ 24 ] . GPCRs can also interact with the growing family of PDZ domain-containing proteins [ 25 ] . All of these relationships are reflected in our study by the strong correlation between 7 transmembrane receptors (rhodopsin family) (PF00001), protein kinases (PF00069), protein tyrosine phosphatases (PF00102), ion transport proteins (PF00520), and PDZ domain proteins (PF00595).
Two internal motor Arabidopsis kinesins group with the MCAK/KIF2 subfamily (also called the internal family) which have members involved in vesicle transport, chromosome movement and MT catastrophe [ 20].
Conversely, several sequence motifs that are characteristic of the MJ0757 family did not overlap with the conserved regions in the MJ0757-TS alignment (Figure 5).
Another cluster A gene is alpha 1 -antichymotrypsin (ACT), a member of the serine proteinase inhibitor (serpin) family, which inhibits the neutrophil proteinase cathepsin G and mast cell chymases, and protects the lower respiratory tract from damage by proteolytic enzymes [ 28].
Do you or do you not believe this is a legitimate reason for a commander-in-chief in the middle of a war he inherited to be frustrated, particularly when he was still signing 30-40 letters a week to the families of KIA?
He said that in Iraq, where the United States fired more than 860,000 DU rounds during the 1991 Gulf War, doctors subsequently found "an exponential increase in child cancers and deformities" among families living close to the targets.
Tolstoy had something when he said that all happy families are alike, while every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Not surprisingly, the Christian Coalition, the Catholic League, and the American Family Association have taken up arms against Manson.
Legislators may scale back laws that give families significant autonomy and power.
Before long, however, many of these projects went bust, and Nelson had to turn to his family for financial assistance to ward off bankruptcy.
Bush outlined his "core, conservative principles"--"limited government," "low taxes," "free and fair trade," "local control of schools," "strong families," and "personal responsibility."
Carl Bernstein profiles Tommy Boggs, who used his family connections--father Hale was House majority leader--to become Washington's über lobbyist.
Reciprocal searches initiated with this region from the newly detected proteins showed that they were more closely related to each other, but in subsequent iterations they recovered the classic p24 family members at significant E -values, suggesting that all these conserved regions define a novel superfamily of protein domains.
In a world with too much good stuff to read, "Today's Papers" suggests the following rule of thumb: Always skip a story that starts off with a woman's valiant struggle to keep off her cellular phone for a few days for the sake of her family.
Ray has requested (and been denied) a trial seven times, and the King family has never backed his petitions before.
I was thinking of the affair I've never had with family values huckster Gary Bauer.
Democrats used to embrace "working people" while Republicans embraced "family values."
Family Guy is closer in spirit to South Park than to The Simpsons , and not as funny as either, but still, it's pretty inventive and daring.
The HMG-box splits TOX family proteins into two domains of approximately 200-300 amino acids.
If you pay a dollar and Warren Buffet's family pays $1 million, has the "typical" family paid $500,000.
Hubbell's wife, who was indicted along with him, must have been thrilled with this disclosure of the true family pecking order.
Many more camper referrals are coming from new organizations such as school social-workers and family counseling agencies.
Some of these residents appear to postpone or avoid potentially goal-defining conversations with patients and families if the chance for immediate death seems unlikely or remote.
Baculoviruses are a diverse family of insect viruses that are pathogenic for insects particularly members of the Lepidoptera, Diptera and Hymenoptera.
Recoverin is a retinal Ca 2+-binding protein that belongs in the EF-hand family of proteins.
These are both worthy goals, and that's what I admire about News Quiz participants: that the Weideman mockers and the Showtime mockers can respect each other and work together to mock various members of the Bush family, the anti-missile system, and maybe some kind of monkey--that's why the anti-missile system doesn't work, see, because of his crazy antics, and then Gov.
Dear Herron Student Family,
Today, the really cool companies that make the Fortune cover with their great family policies, benefits, and security, employ at most about 3 percent of the workforce.
In contrast, we have recently demonstrated that PI3K inhibitors do not alter activation of Rlk by Fyn, suggesting that the requirements for activation of Rlk by Src family kinases are distinct from the other Tec kinases.
Nerve growth factor (NGF), a prototypical neurotrophic factor and a member of the neurotrophin family, promotes a wide range of responses in its target cells.
A family of bottlenose dolphins have set up home here.
But the magazine's contribution, feminist in its own way, is the utility of a plan that allows each room to have another function depending on the age of the owners, their children, and their parents--utility in the service of family unity.
Of course, not every member of a distinguished family is equally appealing.
This can be useful in protein structure homology modeling by highlighting the evolutionary contexts for structural analysis within a protein family [ 36].
The initiative is his response to a pattern he noticed during his 25 years as a family court judge.
His father considered him a shame to the family and disinherited him.
Haplotypes could not be determined in 21 probands due to similarities in alleles of probands and family members, or due to unavailability of family members for analysis.
Twenty-four additional families were included beyond the families that comprised the original Minnesota Cohorts 1 and 2 [ S13, S14].
Meanwhile, the LAT reports on its front that Linda McCartney did not die in Santa Barbara as the family first reported.
Homeobox proteins are a very important family of transcription factors.
Some of the more terrifying movies and specials to avoid include the Family Channel's 1997 classic The Christmas List , featuring Marla Maples (Sun.
The phenotype of a seventh family, E, is consistent with linkage to both FEOM1 and FEOM3 and will be screened for mutations at both these loci.
In fact, the words are the family's only inheritance, since King left no material legacy.
Species in the family Drosophilidae have been premier research subjects in evolutionary biology since T. H. Morgan first used Drosophila melanogaster as a genetic tool in the early part of the 20th Century.
"It's a competitive family.
This right cannot be waived by other members of the pedigree [ 72 ] . Therefore, probands or their noninvestigator surrogates invite other family members to participate.
The Washington Post lead reports that Clinton's top political advisors have reached virtually unanimous agreement that he must say more publicly about his relationship with Monica Lewinsky, a tack so far resisted by the First Family.
Simpson liable in the wrongful-death and battery-related charges brought against him by the Goldman and Brown families.
By several criteria, Rlk appears to be a member of the Tec family of tyrosine kinases, yet significant differences exist between Rlk and the other kinases in this family.
DAZ and DAZL are expressed in the nucleus and cytoplasm of primordial germ cells and spermatogonia, and in the cytoplasm of meiotic spermatocytes [ 6 10 ] . BOULE is expressed later, in the cytoplasm of pachytene spermatocytes [ 5 ] . Genetic and biochemical studies suggest a role for the DAZ family in the regulation of mRNA translation.
It failed, the natives said, because of that island’s evil elves called chickcharnies, who cast a spell on the family for disturbing the land.
Both the LRAT-like and the YaeF/Poxvirus G6R families are unified by the circular permutation that occurs at essentially the same point in both these families.
Here, we compare the topologies produced with five, largely independent approaches to genome-tree building: i) presence-absence of genomes in Clusters of Orthologous Groups of proteins (COGs); ii) conservation of local gene order (pairs of adjacent genes) among prokaryotic genomes; iii) distribution of percent identity between apparent orthologs; iv) sequence conservation in concatenated alignments of ribosomal proteins; v) comparative analysis of multiple trees reconstructed for representative protein families.
We have demonstrated here the derivation and uses of molegos for analyzing the specificity of enzymes, based on those derived from the APE family.
In the "family" portion of his speech, he bragged about the "Family Medical Leave Act" and called on Congress to "extend family leave to 10 million more Americans."
An amino acid comparison of NPM3 with these other members of the nucleophosmin/nucleoplasmin family from various metazoans reveals extensive sequence identities and similarities throughout all of NPM3 except the C-terminal 16 residues (Figure 3).
Do you want sun-kissed beaches, nonstop nightlife, ancient sites to explore, or traditional Greek family life around you?
We use sequence profile analysis [ 13, 14] to show that the DNA-repair protein AlkB, the extracellular matrix protein leprecan and the disease-resistance-related protein EGL-9 define new families of the 2OG-Fe(II) dioxygenase superfamily.
He resided briefly in Stuttgart and then, in the fall of 1992, moved to Hamburg to live with his host family.
Only they can complete the transformation of Turkey into a law-bound, stable and open democracy of the European family.
The might of the Medici family can be sensed in their massive palazzo, northwest of the cathedral on Via Cavour, the 15th-century Palazzo Medici-Riccardi.
After a second Dutch landing at Padangbai Bay, the puputan ritual was repeated when the Raja of Karangasem and his family threw themselves on the enemy guns.
The cost is estimated at $10 million to be obtained from unused federal welfare funds from the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program.
Thus, DLG50 is excluded as a possible cause of familial atrial fibrillation in these families.
Book -- Anything Your Little Heart Desires: An American Family Story , by Patricia Bosworth;
In the same time-course experiment, we assayed for the presence of Bcl-3, an IκB family member that we have previously shown to have a role in MMP-1 expression.
Second, all families in Pfam-A and some in Pfam-B that have more than seven members are analyzed, as the Pfam-B database is under development and contains thousands of small protein families.
State ratification was blocked by shrieks of Bolshevism: Various church groups and opponents of public health, public education, and all public improvements protested the amendment as a government intrusion into the "freedom" of family life.
Individual development accounts (IDAs) are special saving accounts for low-income families.
TTP (also referred to as NuP475, TIS11, or GOS24) is a member of the family of zinc-finger proteins that was originally identified through genetic screens designed to identify immediate early response genes [ 15 16 17 18 ] . TTP was shown to be an unusually proline-rich protein with a predicted molecular weight of 33.
Sometimes, when I read Fish (his frightening "Mission Impossible" essay, for example), I get swept up by his great gift, and am ready to move the family to the woods to avoid the end of the world.
The major Scottish families had their own traditional tartan patterns that instantly identified their clan and kinship.
A sperm receptor identified on the surface of sea urchin oocytes has an extracellular domain that shows sequence similarity to HSP70 and appears to be required for fertilization [ 42 ] . Additionally, members of the HSP family are known to be involved in the regulation of apoptosis (see [ 55 ] for review).
Appreciation of the central role of EPKs in virtually every signaling pathway involved in normal development and disease [ 2] has stimulated much work on individual family members, as well as interesting subsets of the entire family.
Just as in the Bible, when a ram was substituted for Abraham, lambs are slaughtered, cooked, and shared by families or local neighborhoods.
The genomic location of EGF and FGF family members on human chromosome 5q conforms to the syntenic relationship with mouse chromosome 18 [ 19].
6. $10 million to MARQUETTE UNIVERSITY (Milwaukee) from an alumnus and his family for a new library that will be named after Father John Raynor, the university president who died in November 1997.
If an anti-tax, family values Republican wins, it's because voters liked his positions on taxes and family values.
reform law allowed states to use Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) funds to establish subsidized saving accounts for TANF recipients.
Several male family members sexually abused her.
With the addition of five new fine-map markers and 24 new families, the best evidence for linkage was slightly reduced (LOD = 1.23) and shifted telomeric to marker D1S2616 (Fig.
Time argues that the death penalty doesn't seem to deter crime, doesn't comfort victims' families, and is racially skewed.
Washington Post columnist Richard Cohen admonished critics, "It is an active family, an achieving family, and so its members have taken some chances."
On a break from the bedside vigil, she returns to her family in Vermont and wonders how she actually feels about her brother: "Love always feels much better than not-love, and that is why everybody always talks about love and that is why everybody always wants to have love: because it feels much better, so much better."
The three tetracysteine motifs do not form a stably folded structure on its own, but when combined with the 14 kDa C-terminal domain, forms a stably folded 268 amino acid DNA binding domain (ZD domain) that has higher affinity for single-stranded DNA than the 121 amino acid 14 kDa C-terminal region by itself [ 6 ] . Recent sequence and structural analysis suggests that the 14 kDa domain is evolutionarily related to the three tetracysteine motifs and belongs to the zinc ribbon family [ 7 ] . The ZD domain in E. coli topoisomerase I probably evolved from a domain that binds five Zn(II) originally.
The program also received an LSC Technology Innovation Grant for a web-based pro se project in conjunction with the Oregon Judicial Administration for Family Law.
Bernard Dempsey Jr., an attorney with Western Michigan Legal Services, the group that represents the tenants, said Alamo Hills gave the displaced families very limited opportunity to remove belongings.
113, Alfred Slifka, does not belong to a New York City family of real-estate developers and investment managers.
At the Family Law Information Center, where open boxes of tissues are displayed as prominently as forms for initiating divorce, custody and child- support proceedings, office assistant Beatrice Contreras said there is often a line of people waiting to use the two machines.
Although Hilary got off to a blazing start as a flutist, her little sister eventually left her in the dust, and the family's life came to revolve around the needs of its increasingly demanding young star.
Concerns about finances, family conflicts, future disability, dependency, and existential concerns will not resolve with medication.
The King family's attorneys argued that the FBI, CIA, mafia, and media conspired to kill King because of his political views.
Late last year, the Los Angeles Times profiled a local undertaker named Roberto Garcia: "While the profits are nice, Garcia says the most fulfilling part of his job is helping families establish a sense of closure."
The most important factor is whether a protein sequence has a match to a Pfam domain family.
The Chandler family has profited from the company's rising dividends and stock price.
Just in front of you will be the Stone of the Unction, where Jesus’s body was anointed with spices and myrrh and then interred a few steps away in Joseph of Arimathea’s family tomb.
The eighth story on the page, behind "Helping Hand to Families of Convicts" and "Campaign Against Drugs to Continue," is the only Kuwaiti story to make most American papers: "Parliament Agrees To Discuss 'Urgent' Replacement Bill, Women's Decree Fails, 'Rights' Remain Alive."
But these days, unspeakable crimes are no longer spoken of, murder is what happens to your portfolio on a bad day, "family values" are debated through the Internal Revenue code, and the "death penalty" is a tax issue.
Marcia Clark won the argument in the name of the Brown and Goldman families, actually with some help from a book I had just published on victims’ rights.
Beyond the First Family's jolly facade, ER endured a lifelong sense of exclusion that represented for her an ongoing humiliation regarding FDR's domain.
Asked if he thought John Jr. had been different from the others, Talese replied: "Different in the sense that he wasn't a sexual predator, like his father, uncle and grandfather, nor addicted to drugs or alcohol, like other members of his family.
The TCF family members Elk-1 [ 7], SAP-1 [ 8], and SAP-2/ERP/NET [ 9, 10] have been found to have a role in regulating the SRE.
Typically, this money is borrowed from family or friends or from a money lender, who charges interest up to twenty percent.
In a screen for the TS in M. jannaschii, the ORF method picked the MJ0757 protein as the most likely homolog of the canonical TS family [ 27].
"It is the Kennedy greatness to call us to a higher moral purpose, and the Kennedy tragedy that none of the family could fulfil that promise."
Sometimes, a company can foresee insurance will be unnecessary: While an earthquake in California snapped many telephone poles, the phone company made back its losses as "worried families started calling relatives"--long distance.
Even though free-market farming kills family farms, the nation cannot afford to prop up unprofitable agricultural businesses.
Court papers filed by attorneys for Mary Moran, the congressman's estranged wife, allege that the northern Virginia legislator had a history of "wasting the family assets on his stock market gambling."
All three human members of the AKT family are over-produced in various human cancers.
The man whom competitors call the "Satan of Software" may throw temper tantrums and compete fiercely, but he's basically a fun-loving family guy who prefers sedans over limousines and breaks into mini-golf courses for kicks.
Family history and twins studies support the existence of genetic susceptibility to stroke [ 1 2 3 4 ] . Mendelian disorders known to be associated with an increased risk of stroke include hemoglobinopathies, dyslipoproteinemias, and cardioembolic disorders [ 5 ] . Most known Mendelian stroke disorders present in infancy, childhood, or young adulthood and collectively represent only a small proportion of all stroke cases.
The best-selling novelist would have been the third member of her family to receive an honorary degree from the Catholic university near Philadelphia.
But that doesn't prove that our grandparents and parents had a deeper commitment to family values.
The relative position of the intron to the coding regions is also identical to that found in the human TP, the human and mouse DP, and the human EP 1 gene [ 2 ] . This provides further evidence that the prostanoid receptor family arose from a common ancestral gene.
Both families are activated during inflammation and, as indicated by their literature profiles, are involved in tumor invasion and metastasis [ 13, 14].
What about the 16 percent who voted for Clinton because of "his support for family values and parents," or the 8 percent who liked "his support for tax cuts for college"?
Locker, supervising attorney for the Kathryn A. McDonald Education Advocacy Project, named for the late administrator of the New York City Family Courts.
Look at the British Royal family.
Although Osr30 is the largest family of LTR retroelements in the genome, it has not been previously named.
The glories of Verona extend from its grand Roman arena to the palaces of the medieval and Renaissance families whose intrigues and love stories inspired Shakespeare.
In 1997, King's family publicly reconciled with Ray, endorsing his innocence and positing a wider conspiracy to kill King.
In 1998, we served a total of 31,484 low-income individuals through job training and placement assistance, youth and senior programming, family counseling, emergency assistance, and much more.
Chicano prisoners have a strong sense of family and community and feel they are constantly being watched by their barrio, family, women, and their home-boys peer group.
In one interval checked, W reveals Montague (Romeo's family name), Montmorency (a kind of cherry), Montrachet (wine), monuron (a herbicide), moon-eye (a fish), moon-eyed (open-eyed), and moonflower , as headwords not in L ; the same interval in L reveals montbretia (a plant), Montessorian (teaching method), month of Sundays , Montilla , -mony (suffix) Moog synthesizer , moon daisy (the oxeye), moon-faced , moonglow , and moonrat , which do not appear in W . Leaving aside the plants and animals, which are differently distributed for American and British users, the only significant omission from L is Montrachet , while the important words omitted from W are Montessorian , month of Sundays , -mony , Moog synthesizer , moon-faced , and moonglow . The last word is not in the RHD II , but it should be, for the L citation is from Henry Miller and the word also appears in the lyrics written for the popularized rendition of Tchaikovsky's 5th symphony.
at a family picnic.
At one point, he says, the firm tried to branch out from guns into motorcycle helmets, but was soon hit with a $100,000 legal judgment paid to the family of a young man who died in an accident while wearing a Taurus model.
Publications were found through PubMed and the conserved domain motif that characterizes each TF family was identified.
Siah1a has been shown to be a member of the ubiquitin family of proteins involved in protein degradation through the proteasome [ 30 31 33 ] . Therefore, group I mGluR degradation was considered a potential mechanism for the decrease in mGluR-mediated calcium current modulation observed in SCG neurons.
Blame for that must also be distributed widely, but I have no doubt that the Reagan administration's economic policies--cutting taxes mostly for the upper brackets while watching higher social security taxes eat away at lower- and middle-class family incomes, as just one example--contributed to this large social failure.
The G protein-coupled receptors constitute a large family of receptors widely distributed in the mammalian central nervous system (CNS).
Hoffmann writes that some relatives expressed surprise after the coup attempt of 1944: "Many had thought of him as the only real National Socialist in the family."
Their results suggested that working adults were responsible for introducing 32% of the colds their families contracted [ 5 6 7 ] . More recently, a study of Finnish office workers suggested that workers who share offices are at increased risk of colds, although this study failed to conclude if the infections were transmitted as airborne infections or were transmitted by either large droplets or direct contact [ 8 ] .
Exhumation is allowed only when a body is to be reburied with family or in Israel.
Away from the traffic, you might find an entire family producing wooden hangings for the export market.
President Clinton made his Bosnia remarks in Copenhagen, and the WP quotes some of the toast he made at a dinner there hosted by Denmark's royal family.
Finally, the spot weaves together the "common man" theme (Mark himself replays it to camera), the "future" theme (watch the blinking cursor), and a visual and verbal appeal to "family" values.
Miramar, a pleasant residential quarter with fine family homes, benefits from its position alongside the Isla Grande commuter airport.
Odds are that you, a family member, friend, or neighbor may already be benefiting from the services of one of United Way's family of agencies listed at the left.
In contrast, the predicted amino-acid hydroxylases of the EGL-9 family are seen sporadically, in single copies, in certain bacterial lineages such as V. cholerae and Ps.
3) The New York Times reported that the administration endorsed a project in China that was financially important to the Riady family just after a Riady-controlled company put Webster Hubbell on its payroll.
The collection brings to life the elegance enjoyed by the rich families who occupied the Montcada mansions.
His mother, Rose, had it restored, and furnished it with family pieces.
As a result, comparing two functional genes that belong to the same family usually shows bias in the pattern of observed nucleotide identity between the genes.
A piece predicts that the Bancroft family, which controls Dow Jones, may oust CEO Peter Kann because of the miserable performance of the company's stock.
This is clearly a derived state because the SBHM originally evolved through the duplication of a single ancestral unit that contained an intact "waist"-like loop between strands 2 and 3. The form of the SBHM with a shortened loop in the first internal repeat is additionally seen in several bacterial-specific families of SBHMs.
Median family income measured for the hospital's zip code area was included to capture demand effects and as a proxy for cross sectional wage variations.
The identification of three Kv3 ( Shaw ) family K +-channel genes in Anopheles (but only two in Drosophila ) is intriguing.
Some of the customs include decorating and designing a space that will be revisited by a family for many generations.
Also, AQPs pose challenges because the family is likely to contain genes with divergent and unique biological roles in the plant.
Experimental studies have shown that members of the archetypal RecA family of recombinases are central to this reaction in all extant forms of life [ 1 2 ] .
My family, my husband's family, and our friends cannot stand her and dread having her at family gatherings--to the point where we are all trying to figure out how not to invite her to Thanksgiving or Christmas.
This may be offset by the possibility that procurement rates may fall if families do not have enough time to grieve, and may therefore be more prone to refuse organ donation.
Breast cancer cases had later age at first birth, lower parity, increased adult height, and higher incidence of BBD, and were more likely than controls to have a family history of breast cancer.
The Wall Street Journal finds a food storage executive who one month last year sold $12 million worth of food packets instead of the usual $1 million and also spent $100,000 on Y2K contingency measures for himself and his family; the man is now worried that the non-happening could mean his just-past best year might be followed by his worst ever.
I hope this correspondence finds you and your family doing well.
He does bring his customary leisurely pacing and attention to place, especially in the lovingly coordinated (flowers, flowered wallpaper, chintz) family homestead.
Prior reports have focused on subgroups of operations within the family of all hepatobiliary procedures, such as hepatic resection [ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5], proximal bile duct resection [ 6, 7], pancreatic resection [ 8, 9], and biliary-enteric bypass [ 10].
The way he speaks reminds me of something I once read about the linguist Myrna Gopnik and her work on what I believe she calls "Family K." Although otherwise normally intelligent, members of Family K stumble over basic grammar, coming up with sentences like, "The boys eat four cookie."
BMPRs belong to the TGF-β receptor family of serine/threonine kinases [ 34].
The similarity of the phosphorylation of Rlk by Src family kinases to that which activates other Tec kinases suggests that Rlk also functions downstream of Src kinases in TCR signal transduction pathways.
On the other hand, an odds ratio greater than one will indicate clustering of disease within the families.
Instead, the state depends on 41 local not-for-profit organizations, funded at $54 million a year, and the $172 million in time donated by members of the Bar to serve these needy families.
Variation is also observed within individual family members, both between strains [ 14 ] and, as shown in this report, within individual isolates.
A family's problems can be mitigated with some legal advice before they spill over into child delinquency, housing problems, unemployment, marital problems and deeper poverty."
As you might expect, there is the usual plethora of family attractions nearby, the most important of which is Palmitos Parque, that provides an excellent day out for all the family.
These charges, accrued before the OPO assumes financial responsibility, may be unknowingly referred to donor families, essentially penalizing them for the altruistic act of organ donation.
Parvati also has more benevolent aspects, such as Taleju, patron deity of the Nepali royal family, and Devi.
Maximum-likelihood haplotypes were generated using GENEHUNTER PLUS for the 274 families with at least one typed parent.
Management appropriately focuses on the management of the symptoms associated with the terminal delirium in order to settle the patient and the family [ 89 ] .
For more complex traits, the inheritance pattern does not fit a single-gene model, and methods that assume a genetic model may provide erroneous results [ 59 ] . Ischemic stroke clearly demonstrates familial aggregation, yet no single-gene model of transmission is consistent with the family data.
