We wish you and your family a new year full of joy and love.
Many Little Sisters are preparing to go back to school this fall full of hope and with a positive outlook.
Thanks to our Big Sisters volunteers, these young people are self-confident, believe in themselves and are beginning to realize their full potential.
The 1999 Invest in Youth Campaign is in full swing.
Early in the film, with the Flowers crisis in full bloom, Sam Donaldson interviews Stephanopoulos, who blames it all on the "Republican attack machine."
If so, can "mere chemicals" be signs in the full Piercean sense?
I believe it is clear that mere chemistry in an autonomous agent can harbor symbols and signs in the full senses of the words.
Pakistan will need full US support as it proceeds with us," the embassy noted."
(CENTCOM also began dusting off plans for a full invasion of Iraq during this period, Franks said.)
And one is certain that Kenneth Rexroth, in his American Poetry in the Twentieth Century (Herder and Herder, N.Y., 1971) did not intend to hint at closet biographical matter when, in Chapter I, he wrote that “Whitman's poems are full of men doing things together,” or, later in the same chapter, when he referred to “Whitman's joyous workmen swinging their tools in the open air.”
Inevitably, some of the entries are more imaginative than others; Dickson will have his hands full if everyone responds giving private words.
The maps are clear, each occupying a full page, and the word information is well set forth on them.
so I would like you to think over this huge privilege that i am entrusting to your hand for the survival of the casualties and homeless, just send me your full names, home address, telephone number, occupation and more information about you in your next message for the service of God in your country and for the less privilege one's.
I write to inform you that we have already sent you USD5000.00 dollars through Western union as we have been given the mandate to transfer your full compensation payment of USD1.800,000.00 via western union by this government.
I picked the ideal spot, a full block under construction.
I is ride back full of music and singing.
Im tempted to try you againWind me up and let me spinAddiction’s not badIt’s a sinKnowing clearly what may becomeLet me go, Im doneYou’re full of lust, pride, greed and shameYou said no one can escape the painIn the quietI yearn to be in your silver pool of lightWith your arms wrapped around me in the deep nightIm tempted to try you againBut I think I’ll get the better of itWhen your at hand
Middle school was cruel, full of disgusting, stinking children.
The full moon, the half moon, the moon in wax, the moon in wane....
The ethics panel also ordered Torricelli to pay back Chang -- with interest -- for the full value of a large-screen television set and compact-disc player, and for expensive earrings that Chang gave to Torricelli's sister, to one of his close aides and to one of Torricelli's former girlfriends.
In Torricelli's case, it acted without conducting a full investigation, saying the case had been exhaustively scrutinized by federal authorities.
But it said the senator had showed "poor judgment" by failing to reimburse him for the full market value of the gifts.
Senator Torricelli provided the committee with a full explanation of sources of income and any funds used for cash purposes," she said.
every day full of joy and energized.
His documentary is full of subtle humor, jaw-dropping dialogue and dark contrasts.
In any case, at no point does Moore make a false statement, in contradiction to claims by critics that his documentary is "full of lies".
Even the official quoted by Moore blames the welfare to work program, knowing full well that the drug issue is a red herring.

I’m inviting you back to full membership for just $17 - 51% off the regular rate.
And then, please, take advantage of this opportunity to regain full membership for 51% less than the regular rate.
The sleep drive dissipates as a person sleeps and by morning (assuming a full night's rest and possibly some coffee), s/he will be feeling alert and ready to go again.
Religion, he said, is like a drugstore full of medicine.
He accents the illusion of reality --I paraphrase his entry in La Enciclopedia Humanica --by doing life-size scenes in "the full round," never the easier frontal or three-quarters view.
Let me abuse the playwright and dismiss the penultimate scene in a few sentences: After giving Emil full rights to a sculpture of Tasha and me, we had a good dinner of curried clam chowder, lobsters boiled on Terra and unstopped still steaming on N'Apulco, and cinnamon custard for desert.
Eventually, successful careers go full circle and move to a ‘maintenance’ stage.
It's full of this imagery, and talks about the 1805 fire and rebuilding, and the post-industrial devastation that's ravaged the city since.
Nah, I'm convinced that the audible gasps and stifled chuckles were from her attempt to bluff her way through an exchange regarding the Constitution in a room full of lawyers.
This is why they're not making a full investment in her.
Modeling shows that when full implementation of existing regulations such as the acid rain program, the NOx SIP Call, the Tier II standards for cars and trucks, the heavy duty diesel engine standards, and the low sulfur gasoline and diesel fuel rules are taken into account, additional reductions will be needed to bring areas into attainment.
The savings come from the opportunity to make cost-effective plant investment and retirement decisions with full knowledge of upcoming SO2, NOx and mercury requirements, rather than investing in "add-on" control equipment to meet the requirements of each regulation.
In exchange for flexibility in methods to control emissions, a full accounting of emissions through
ategic plan for containment, because they lacked a full understanding of the risks and interconnections in the financial markets. Some regulators have conceded th
 weeks before the government takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, that the Treasury Department understood the full measure of the dire financial conditions of those two institutions. And just a month before Lehman’s
"
As you probably noticed, my wife is currently on vacation without me -— which is different than a vacation from me, although given how frequently insufferable I am, I could understand the appeal of such—in the le Marche region of Italy, which is immediately south of Tuscany and full of communists.
Barbie's full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts 2.
Success always occurs in private, and failure in full view.
Behind him is an enormous truck full of car exhausts.
Behind him are TWO very large trucks full of car parts.
A T-Rex moving at full speed was clocked at thirty-some miles per hour.
e is no language, and it's a relatively late-discovered argument, because it sees its full -- I
Character data caused little problem because ASCII was assumed, full stop.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
Isis set her elbows in the fur and rested her head on her hands while I spoke and tried not to stare at her full, hanging breasts.
Besides having the satisfaction of knowing that you are doing your part to help save our wildlife heritage, you will also receive some outstanding benefits of membership including: A one-year subscription to our beautiful full color magazine, NATIONAL WILDLIFE.
"Yeah, I do," said Johnson, who has a full head of gray hair in common with the comedian-turned-playwright.

You will offer what amounts to a full pardon.
Finally, the fourth set of rules, contained in sections 181 and 182 of the rules of practice, 10 applies to Postal Service requests for new services that it believes cannot recover all their associated costs in the first full fiscal year of their operation.
All incorporated giant columns rising the full height of the two floors—Corinthian in McKim’s case, Ionic in the other two (the completed building is Corinthian).
cleaning full day out in the muddy, sloppy freezing rain doing disaster training...
Eating lunch at a pc because the lunch room is full of noobz.
Still full of energy & inspiration..
is full of cold.
Twitter Power - How to Dominate Your Market One Tweet at a Time http://bit.ly/VGKN RT @ericgrant: "grass-roots" The Corporate Lobbyists Behind the Tea Parties #tcot #p2 #teabagging #teaparty http://twurl.nl/4i1jp1 Patch day is full of server downtime and instability!
Too full for dessert.
The completely LAST place you'd think a fire to start is in a giant box full of water.
SEGA announces Wii MotionPlus support for Virtua Tennis 2009 - full press release http://gonintendo.com/?
As usual we offer a full refund if not satisfied from now until 7 days after the event.
If you haven't authorized this charge ,click the link below to dispute transaction and get full refund
Price is per person, based on double occupancy, for cruise only, may vary by sail date, and requires full payment at the time of purchase.
Hong Kong is full of giant malls.
In addition, most top-line hotels have upscale malls full of designer boutiques.
A prosperous tourist district, it is full of shopping centers and department stores, along with a number of good restaurants.
For a membership gift of just $15, you will receive a full year of the world’s most beautiful nature magazine, NATIONAL WILDLIFE.
Sales for the full year were $6.6 billion, up 13% from $5.8 billion.
Four micron full coronal kidney sections from each animal were adhered to lysine-coated slides and used for immunodetection of phospho-Rb (Ser780) as follows: sections were deparaffinized and hydrated by placing in xylene for 8 minutes, followed by 3 minutes each of 100%, 96%, 80%, 70%, 50%, 30% ethanol, ending with 10 minutes in water; sections then underwent antigen retrieval (Glyca Reagent, Biogenex) followed by immunodetection (Super Sensitive Detection Kit, Biogenex) of phospho-Rb (Ser780) after a 12 hour incubation with a 1:1000 dilution of rabbit anti-phospho-Rb (Ser780) antibody (Cell Signaling) or control rabbit anti-sera (Biogenex) at 4°C.
(JFMIP Standardization Project) Unobligated balances expire (cease to be available for obligation) for:-- 1-year accounts at the end of the fiscal year;-- multiple-year accounts at the end of the period specified;-- no-year accounts only when they are 1) rescinded by law, 2) purpose is accomplished, or 3) when disbursements against the appropriation have not been made for 2 full consecutive years.
28258); NRCS provided a full copy of the analysis to us when it filed its copy of the final rule on May 29, 1997.
The orbiting full moon, perhaps.
Thus, the selective depletion of TBP and TAF II 135 requires that the F9 cells respond, at least partially, to T-RA, but does not require full differentiation to take place.
And real life is full of odd cases.
As for the Turow, we had checked a box asking that each book be sent separately, as soon as possible--so, either Amazon ignored these instructions or it really needed the full 11 days to get the Turow to us.
1980, USEPA adopted the policy that ELS test data could be used in establishing water quality criteria if data from full life-cycle tests were not available (USEPA, 1980a).
The value of this work is diminished by the fact that the citations given are merely sub-sentence fragments from the corpus, which was assembled for the frequency study itself, thus denying users the opportunity to make full use of this important data.
On your left you will find the marina area full of glass-topped tour boats.
Fridge full of beer
Cells were lysed in a denaturing lysis buffer (8 M urea, 0.1 M NaH 2 PO 4 and 0.01 M Tris•Cl, pH 8.0) and then briefly sonicated in full speed.
All of these colonies were set up in the same way, with streets wide enough to ensure a full team of oxen could turn around.
Yet Button's difficult maneuvers show that the plane functioned well and that he had full consciousness and capacity.
Cook is entirely hip to the irony of their relationship: Just as Eleanor was coming to the full command of her own powers, poor Hick (who quit the AP over the conflict of interest posed by her personal ties to ER) was pining away over having given up the career that had lifted her out of poverty and brought her every good thing in her life up to the time she met ER.
Therefore, a ubiquitin-deficient Siah1a construct that can bind mGluRs is capable of producing a similar reduction in mGluR-mediated calcium current modulation as the full length Siah1a.
A full length murine cDNA representing Langerhans cell protein 1 (LCP1) was originally cloned from maturing epidermal Langerhans cells, while its human homologue KIAA0737 was cloned from human brain [ 29 ] as was a cDNA encoding TNRC9 (also known as CAGF9) [ 32 ] . Searches of the EST database confirm that all family members are expressed at the level of mRNA, and we have shown that KIAA0808 is expressed at the level of protein using a cross-reactive anti-TOX antisera (data not shown).
The FBI is conducting approximately 70 full field investigations throughout the US that it considers Bin Ladin-related.
Things have pretty much come full circle if you now think that what makes Generation-Sensation so groovy is that they "graft" literary themes onto modern art.
In addition, most top-line hotels have upscale malls full of designer boutiques.
Thus, in comparing the full sequences of the PP5s, only three of the four PfPP5 TPRs were aligned with the others, and the second TPR of PfPP5 was left out.
Although Faster is full of interesting details of how the brain perceives time and how technology both steals and adds minutes to our lives, several critics note that Gleick never makes a definitive conclusion about the data he has collected.
In no case may the Administrator allocate to a source designated under this section allowances in an amount greater than the emissions resulting from operation of the source in full compliance with the requirements of this Act.
striptiz uotur striptease water, a curious reference to maladroit, foolish individuals; kretenozavur cretinosaurus; boiler one whose head is full of bubbling hot water; sifon siphon, one whose head is like an empty tube; bushón fuse, from French bouchon cork; diaria diarrhea; loko from Spanish loco; galosh as in galoshes; kashón crate, from Italian cassone; lainer ocean liner, a pun on the Bulgarian word lainó scum.
A full record of work in this field can be found in bibliographies compiled since 1948 under the names Sealock, Seely, and Powell (the latest edition being Bibliography of Place-Name Literature: United States and Canada, Third Edition , 1982), supplemented periodically in the pages of Names , the quarterly journal of the American Name Society.
It really has only one main route, Parliament Street, which is full of trim and brightly painted wooden homes with picket fences.
Today it is still lined with cheap restaurants and guest houses and shops full of local handicrafts and jewelry.
The full mattress runs about $1,000, but Slate doesn't want its contributors to be that relaxed, so I got the pillow from Brookstone for $95.
Whether these habits will change on their own, with the maturation of a more tolerant generation, or whether full social acceptance of black Americans will require a concerted governmental effort, is unknowable.
With the peace process in Northern Ireland poised again on the edge, the White House's full attention could once again play a decisive role," the editorial said.
The only reason for the Finnish president going to Belgrade was "to spell out exactly what Yugoslavia has to do to meet NATO's own clear demands in full."
The SEC strongly prefers full disclosure of cash flow.
The conclusion that small genome size is evolutionarily derived is based on a combination of molecular phylogenetic results, genome size determinations and full genome sequences [ 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9].
" 'To see ourselves as others see us,' was the line my grandmother would always throw out when she was crabby and I was full of myself," is the sort of thing she's wont to declare--wisely, self-deprecatingly, and only somewhat preachily.
Even as William Bennett and the National Political Congress of Black Women renew their assault on companies that profit from gangsta rap and claim that it marks a shameful new low in American pop culture, and even as its defenders assert (as Chuck D does) that it's a counter-CNN for the disenfranchised, gangsta rap is merely the wheel coming full circle--back to Charles Harris and "After The Ball."
To reap the full benefits of information management reform, federal agencies must utilize the full potential of CIOs as information management leaders and active participants in the development of agency strategic plans and policies.
But the tip need not be as large as it would be if you got full table service.
Granted they do not work full time on the projects I described in my article, but I don't think Gates will deny they perform these tasks.
The American galleries feature a full cupboard of silver made by Paul Revere, and his portrait (among many others) by John Singleton Copley, who was probably Boston’s best-known artist.
Close sources say that the problem is that Jones rejected a $700,000 settlement offer because it didn't include a full apology from the president.
The result was downtowns full of "see through" towers, and a real-estate glut from which some cities are still recovering.
Jenkins hasn't quite figured out how to shape her narrative, which is full of episodes that are there because they actually happened but that don't have a payoff.
The party was now in full swing.
Speaking of Turkey, in honor of Thanksgiving Slate has published a full week's issue as of today (Wednesday, Nov. 26), two days early.
It is full of beautiful furniture owned by various family members.
--pages chronicling celebrity style makeovers over the years, while this week's Star devotes 30 full pages to "before they were stars" pictures.
With the exception of counting deaths from all causes, a common problem in clinical trials is the missing data caused by patients who do not complete the study in full schedule and drop out of the study without further measurements.
There is more of a question about how many crossover votes this will get in the full House.
Meanwhile, a report in the Independent said that the United States might offer Iraqi Kurds full military protection against President Saddam Hussein if they allowed the Iraqi opposition to base itself in the area they control.
The largest of these quarries is near Estremoz, a walled town full of gleaming white marble stretching above the plains.
Each diagram contains the full NCBI phylogenetic classification http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/Taxonomy/taxonomyhome.html/for the group.
Such drugs would potentially act as a full agonist at a specific opioid receptor type, while acting as partial agonists or antagonists at the other receptor types.
But the words are also an aspiration, because many Americans can't afford legal services, and so are unable to take full advantage of our great legal system.
Basically this is the propaganda machinery of war being revved up in peacetime, which is one reason the rhetoric is so overheated and so full of martial metaphors.
Btk:ER was constructed such that the hormone-binding domain of the estrogen receptor was fused to the COOH-terminus of full length Btk (Fig 1A).
At the time Homer wrote about, clothing was a household supply, like a wine cellar full of casks or many herds of cattle and coops of chickens.
Russian officials deny that the Chechen skirmishes are the beginning of a full invasion; they only seek to establish a security zone to control traffic in and out of the republic, and to protect Dagestan from invasion.
In Paris, Le Monde devoted a full page Wednesday to the banana war, predicting fiercer trade battles to come on hormone-treated beef and genetically modified foods, and on the European A3XX Airbus, which is due to be launched next November in direct competition with the Boeing 747.
Fish are not working up to their full potential."
While fentanyl is a full agonist at δ opioid receptors, morphine is only a partial agonist.
The silly season is clearly in full swing in Britain.
And I figured out how to download the full weekly text of Slate in one go by converting the Slate on Paper Microsoft Word file to the HTML format.
Everybody leads with the House Judiciary vote to propose to the full House an impeachment inquiry targeting President Clinton.
(See MSNBC for the full story.)
Assuming a minimum of stops for shopping, the following walking tour will take a very full half day.
But once again, even these Title X clients are in no worse position than if Congress had never enacted Title X. The financial constraints that restrict an indigent woman's ability to enjoy the full range of constitutionally protected freedom of choice are the product not of governmental restrictions on access to abortion, but rather of her indigency."
At a minimum, it should be possible to demonstrate these by Milestone C. For other critical processes that may require additional production experience to bring under statistical process control, a program manager should have a reasonable plan at the Milestone C decision review to bring those processes into control by the full rate production decision, but no later than completion of 10 percent of the planned buy.
I want a full diagnostic!"
Analyzing comprehension of each format at this stage was not feasible considering the additional time burden it would have imposed on our study participants (focus group sessions lasted a full 2 hours).
To avoid effects stemming from arbitrary decisions on how to handle these difficult portions of the alignment, the full alignment was trimmed to contain only those regions that are relatively straightforward to align.
With the phasing in of competition and limited experience, the full benefits and costs of deregulation still remain unknown.
With regard to restrictive requirements (which donot lead to full and open competition), determine:
“The magazine,” he tut-tutted, “is full of similar grammatical mistakes.”
Everybody has the detail that Newt Gingrich has sent out a letter to all House members advising them that the full House will probably begin reviewing the impeachment matter next Thursday.
In the last 60 of those years he made an impressive number of worthy images, full of human dignity and topical picturesqueness and formal achievement.
That the original lyrics of "Tutti Frutti" were not just off-color but full of, as Miller puts it, "thinly veiled anal eroticism"?
His success in performing the work at a lower cost might be due to an ability to arrange completely full trucks or to achieve lower-price contracts with trucking firms.
She stood perfectly still, head up, tail in a majestic arc, while we stared entranced for a full 30 seconds.
While the backdrops vary--the magnate's house is utilitarian and spare, the musician's full of antiques--the spiritual decor is as cold as a corporate headquarters.
In northern California, 41% of 197 community based organizations employed or planned to employ community health workers to reach out to their target communities [ 16 ] . The Pew Health Professions Committee defines them as "community members who work almost exclusively in community settings and who serve as connectors between health care consumers and providers to promote health among groups that have traditionally lacked access to adequate care" [ 16 ] . Their roles in health delivery are varied and span the spectrum from volunteers offering emotional support to full time health care employees providing medical information at the lay level.
An alternative treatment strategy can be developed in which patients have a reduced risk of neutropenic complications and a higher likelihood of receiving a full dose of chemotherapy on time.
He called for a series of programs, including full employment and a guaranteed annual income, to uplift the poor of all races.
Rarely is she paid the full fee.
This led to the 1931 Statute of Westminster, which effected the equality of Britain and the Dominions, thus consecrating Canada’s full autonomy in home and foreign affairs.
On the awesome impact of the GM shutdown, the LAT notes that it shaved a full percentage point from second quarter growth.
As part of the mid-September festival at this shrine, there is a spectacular tournament of archery on horseback (yabusame), in which contestants dressed in the costume of Kamakura-period huntsmen must hit a series of three small wooden targets as they come down a narrow course at full gallop.
The βRARE-TK-Luc reporter plasmid with three copies of the DR-5 motif from the promoter of the mouse RARβ2 gene has been described previously, as has the CYP2B10-TK-Luc reporter with two copies of the DR-4 type elements from the promoter of the mouse CYP2B10 gene and the CYP3A4-TK-luc reporter with three copies of the ER-6 element from the human CYP3A4 promoter [ 16 ] . Expression vectors for full length mCAR and RXR proteins were as described [ 9 ] . The cdm8-mCARΔ8 deletion construct containing a deletion of the last 8 amino acids and the mutant with 2 helix 3 mutations (F171L, I174A) that block ligand binding and response have been described previously [ 16 ] , as has the cdm8-RXRΔ19 construct with a deletion of the last 19 amino acids [ 3 ] .
In the modern age, and especially in the modern newspaper, the pursuit of money takes on the full aura that was, in a bygone time, reserved for the pursuit of something else.
You can observe the football (soccer) phenomenon, with the tifosi (fans) in full cry.
But the first FDNY chiefs to arrive in the lobby were advised by the Port Authority fire safety director-who had reported to the lobby although he was no longer the designated fire safety director-that the full building evacuation announcement had been made within one minute of the building being hit.
Excite@Home's executives say no deal will be done without their full approval , but it's a little unclear what that means.
Each of the sixty-two Heath Robinsons—Rube Goldbergs to you Americans—here illustrated conceals a miniature harmonica (diatonic and with the range of a full octave).
"Silliness has been replaced by stupidity" (Joe Morgenstern, the Wall Street Journal ). One problem: a bad screenplay full of pop-psychological clichés about dysfunctional families.
The full length BTBD2 localized entirely to cytoplasmic bodies (Fig.
To keep Betsy and Arlene quiet about having seen G. Gordon Liddy (Harry Shearer) at both the Watergate and the White House, Nixon (Dan Hedaya) made them "Official White House Dog Walkers"--in which capacity they stumbled on a room full of people shredding documents and counting piles of payoff money.
They began to argue that the Senate should call witnesses and complete the trial not necessarily because Clinton deserved to be removed but because the Senate owed the House a full hearing.
However, the car is king, and it’s difficult to enjoy the full scope of this vast and varied landscape without driving.
Mesenchymal cells in levator ani muscle also showed LHR immunoreactivity (full arrowheads, Fig.
Bush spends a full chapter attempting to defuse a potential Democratic issue by explaining why he vetoed an HMO reform bill in Texas.
The Pope recognized Boleslaw as the first king of Poland in 1025, elevating the country to full membership in a European community of Christian states.
The town is still full of sculptors, and Piazza Alberica is the scene of a summer sculpture competition — 14 days to produce a masterpiece.
The old backstreets here are full of character but seldom visited by tourists.
The F-22 program is structured to provide the product's full capability with the first product off the production line-an extreme design challenge.
The LAT headline is almost a template, calling him a "loner, full of rage."
Thanks to our Big Sisters volunteers, these young people are self-confident, believe in themselves and are beginning to realize their full potential.
In 1890, he spent 81 days crossing Siberia to the penal colony of Sakhalin so he could spend three months there studying the health conditions, about which he wrote a very full report.
Washington has long abandoned thoughts of defending against a full Russian onslaught--even a launch unauthorized by Moscow would easily swamp the proposed U.S. defenses.
Many Internet users can share a line that would need to be occupied full time by a telephone call.
Using the MCF7 breast carcinoma cell line as a positive control, MCC5 cells expressed the full length 216 kDa BRCA1 protein and were confirmed BRCA1wt.
Likewise, our government would have to guarantee full equality and respect for the civil rights of Chechens who choose Russia as their place of residence.
The USAT lead puts the dubiousness of one-day economic analysis and the folly of giving much newspaper space to it on full display.
The Supplementary Information published in the Federal Register with the final rule includes the full text of the Commission's final regulatory flexibility analysis.
At one point in the evening I stood up from her couch and an end-cushion fell to the floor, knocking a full glass of red wine onto her Persian rug.
Additional dataincluding a full list of the 217 sense-antisense candidates, genomic data on overlapping transcripts, and data on protein-level homologies are available and at our website [ 22].
Moreover, it boasts two charming old quarters as full of character as any place in Europe.
Horrified by the rise of casual office wear, the garment industry is launching a PR campaign to popularize formal attire, says an article . All kinds of designers are getting in on the act: Sean "Puffy" Combs' "fall collection is full of dressier sportswear."
The local coordinator completes the proband case report forms (CRFs), assigns a SWISS study number to the proband, forwards the proband CRFs to the Clinical Coordinating Center, and gives the proband (or surrogate) a set of study invitation letters to be sent to all of his or her living full siblings.
On-screen is a windowless room full of CIA officials.
Rather than distinguish these varieties of consumer experience, Frank stuffs everything into the boxes of "square" and "hip"--receptacles that were already full back when the '60s dawned.
Here is a serious thing for a moment: The world is full of women who can't get their husbands to pay child support, and it won't be long before even the ones on food stamps will be attacked by their ex-husbands' lawyers for being as greedy as Patricia Duff.
But apart from Sheedy's melancholic portrayal of the doped-up photographer, the film is said to be "full of itself and its artistic pretension" (Jack Mathews, the Los Angeles Times ) and saddled with clichéd depictions of bohemianism.
"A whole Lincoln bedroom full of clichés," says Newsday 's John Anderson.
(It's a heck of a bargain, but after the scalding and the lard rendering, I've pretty much had a full evening's porkertainment.)
The capture of some of the important manufacturing and reliability knowledge should begin in the integration phase in order to have the full knowledge needed to make decisions at the end of the demonstration phase for transitioning into production.
The of his performances that I have heard do not capture the full strangeness in this sound.
We promise not to do it again," etc, but I can't afford a full page of the paper I work for, let alone of a publication a sincere, earnest gentleman of his ilk would be likely to read.
You can see all the anger and exhilaration of the period in this large piece (nearly 3 feet by 4), full of wheels and crowds and heads whose eyes have been replaced by other things, its yellowed newsprint color jazzed by a patch of blue in the upper left, its improvisatorial speed of execution shown by how the glued surfaces have rippled.
Many historians have long discredited the idea of a Jefferson-slave liaison and are stunned by this revelation (which will appear in full in this week's Nature ). Echoes of the current scandal abound; they are developed in an intriguing inside WP article.
What impact the full force and majesty of the United States government can actually have on the English language remains far from clear.
Upon completion of training, the employees each earn 75 percent of their salary during an initial performance evaluation period, and full salary at the end of that period.
The Times reports that the new curriculum will include a reading list of classic works, and children will be expected to use capital letters and full stops [periods] correctly by the age of seven, commas by 11, apostrophes and speech marks by 13, and colons and semi-colons by 16.
The Supplementary Information published in the Federal Register with the final rule includes the full text of the Commission's final regulatory flexibility analysis.
Unlike males, which continue to generate sperm cells by mitosis throughout their reproductive lives, mammalian females are generally born with their full complement of (meiotic) gametes [ 30 ] . The normal chronology of ovarian development follows a definitive pattern.
Patients were placed in supine position with full urinary bladder at the time of the UHCT.
Instead of an invisible hand pushing the economy toward full employment in some unspecified long run, we have the visible hand of the Fed pushing us toward its estimate of the noninflationary unemployment rate over the course of two or three years.
Acquisition of new sequence data has often revealed that genes believed to be absent in a species were merely missing in the database rather than missing from the genome [ 16 ] . Obviously, because full genomes are not available for all plant and animal species, we are not able to make definitive statements about the presence or absence of a particular gene in every organism.
It's full of wonderful bits that don't mesh (some of them could be spun off into their own movies) and with characters conceived either too coarsely or too vaguely.
The Supplementary Information published in the Federal Register includes the full text of the Commission's Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis.
But the Jamaicans voted instead for full independence, which became official on 6 August 1962.
But as we all know today that young women who started her life in legal services in 1975 full of hope and promise-and just a wee bit naïve-was not correct about what the future would hold.
You possibly saw Cartlidge in supporting roles in Naked and Breaking the Waves . You haven't seen her in full gale force.
Behind this hall, in the center of a stairway, is a ramp full of sculptured dragons carved from a single slab of marble weighing more than 200 tons.
We're not a country full of guys only 6-inches tall.
We wish you and your family a new year full of joy and love.
Like most of the Virgin Islands, St. Thomas is full of hills.
Armenian and Russian immigrants prevented Azerbaijanis from reaping the full benefits of their oil industry.
The legitimacy of the CIO and the CIO organization must be developed for the CEO«s message of information technology and management«s central role to be accepted and for the CIO organization to become a full participant in formulating corporate strategy.
Equipped with a full assessment of the nature and context of the issues that are causing suffering for the patient and family, the physician can then address each issue in turn.
The patient was discharged at sixteen days of age on full breast milk feeds, and a β-blocker.
The other day I put my hand on two full, ankle-length skirts at the back of my closet, one tweed and one black velvet, with the idea of finally getting rid of them.
What people like me really mean is that full siblings share half of any genes that are newly minted--genes that have recently arisen and on which natural selection is just starting to pass judgment.
Republic . Glass was fired last week by TNR after a Forbes reporter alerted TNR editor Charles Lane that an article about a teen-age computer hacker ("Hack Heaven," May 18) was full of fabrications, and Lane's own investigation confirmed that Glass had made things up wholesale in many New Republic pieces.
The LAT reports that Pakistan is barreling toward "full Islamic law."
That required the team to conduct a full range of claims functions, including receiving and controlling the claims, contacting veterans and hospitals to obtain information, and making benefit decisions.
An early published account of a full life cycle, fish toxicity test was that of Mount and Stephan (1967).
The rest of the proteins detected in the immunoprecipitates of wild type full length HsN3 (Fig.
Inside is a tranquil courtyard garden full of exotic trees.
The rationale for pre-extension [ 8 ] was that cut template molecules that are annealed to reference molecules should be extended by the polymerase to become full length.
45 Even without prior boilermaker experience, some of these iron and steelworkers could choose to move to boilermakers with much less than a full four-year training requirement because of their knowledge and skill level.
Speaking as though his mouth is full of aquarium gravel, he paints everything larger than it is.
The commercial companies GAO visited achieved success in product development by first achieving a mature, stable design supported by completed engineering drawings during an integration phase and then by demonstrating that the product's design was reliable and critical manufacturing processes required to build it were in control before committing to full production.
5 billion (awards in excess of that amount would be owed in full, but could be carried forward to subsequent years).
The city councilman for the area involved has called for a full public debate about whether or not the LAFD is in fact writing off certain homes in case of fire.
What could be better than a full dinner, including dessert, that goes from freezer to table in seven minutes with no dishes to wash?
Streep has said that she spent so much of the time on the set learning the violin (she doesn't play any instruments) that she didn't bring the full force of her acting technique to bear on Roberta.
Plasmid DNA was prepared using the full lysate protocol of the Montage™ Plasmid Miniprep96 Kit (Millipore, Bedford, MA).

And where a literal-minded parodist might have bound the narrative to Dickens and his doings, Carey gives the novel and its themes a full life outside them.
A helmet full of seawater turns out to be full of sloshing gore; a soldier with a gushing arm socket picks up his severed limb and staggers aimlessly; a man with his intestines on the outside wails through a last, protracted hemorrhage.
He then began his academic career at the University of Michigan, where he earned the title of full Professor in 1986.
English is a single language full of variety, and I believe that no speaker is beneath notice and no single one has exclusive rights to represent the language.
While aggressively spinning the case to the press, the police have also withheld important pieces of evidence from public view, saying that full disclosure would jeopardize the investigation.
Throughout the 1990s the Dutch have been at the forefront of a movement to open national borders, increase people’s freedom of movement and expand trade within the EU, taking full part in the delicate negotiations which surrounded the launch of the Euro currency in 1999.
The high-decibel concern about wayward youth is full of defensive bluster and muddle-headed ambivalence, and it is strikingly lacking in realism.
He was "slight of stature, gentle of demeanor and passionate about human rights," according to the Post . In life, he had "seemed bright and open and full of promise."
This exposé of American submarine espionage is "an evocative and important look at the cold war," says Timothy Naftali in the New York Times Book Review . Told with the color and pacing of a spy novel, the book is full of firsthand accounts from the men who served on the underwater spying missions, though critics complain that the writers--a former New York Times reporter and a current one--are insufficiently skeptical about inflated claims to heroism.
The taster who took the longest, nearly the full two hours, had the ratings that came closest to the relative price of the beers.
For example, in North Carolina the average time period to pursue work related injury, bad housing, and wage claims in state or federal court or before the North Carolina Industrial Commission is "well beyond a full year if not two full years."
Wiltshire makes full use of Johnson's own writing, especially the essays in The Rambler and The Idler , to analyze Johnson's frequent, almost habitual use of medical ideas as metaphors.
In various previous attempts to express heterologous genes in full length, wild type dengue virus, we experienced a very poor success rate, despite attempts to clone heterologous material into various positions of the genome (data not shown).
Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., said Bush's "compassionate conservatism" was full of "weasel words."
I love beer, but lately I've been wondering: Am I getting full value for my beer dollar?
The Lionel Hampton club at the Méridien Etoile (Porte Maillot) has a full program of guest performers.
Americans must have realized about this time that the German ending - weise has an English equivalent, and this was accordingly resuscitated: the old likewise and crosswise family was joined by neologisms like countrywise and stylewise . Then came hopefully , a word which had long existed in English and meant `in a hopeful manner': you could apply for a job hopefully because you were `full of hope.
Then, in a small, circular room, the first flickers of daylight: In Claude Monet Painting (1875), Renoir's close friend stands in a darkened room in black hat and full bushy black beard, but there's a wet blob of vermilion on the tip of his paintbrush, and more of that red smeared on the palette in his left hand.
Our government could spark a full public discussion of who Usama Bin Ladin was, what kind of organization he led, what Bin Ladin or al Qaeda intended, what past attacks they had sponsored or encouraged, and what capabilities they were bringing together for future assaults.
At 20 μM, agonist 1 induced full activation of RAR-β and RAR-γ, and 80% activation of RAR-α, showing that this compound is a full agonist.
To reap the full benefits of financial reform, federal finance organizations must go beyond the audit opinion toward
In full agreement with the pure AR structure of the time series, the most parsimonious ecological model of wolf dynamics was an AR(1) model with current-year climate as a covariate (Table 1a); the best model of moose dynamics was an AR(3) model with current-year climate as a covariate (Table 1b); and the best model of fir dynamics was an AR(1) model with current-year climate as a covariate (Table 1c).
(Unfertilized eggs contain only the mother's half of genes; by adding the genes from an adult mammary cell--which has both its mother's and father's genes--the egg cell then had the full amount of DNA found in adult sheep cells.)
And without full voting rights, there's nothing that investors--even institutional investors--can do if things go haywire.
Combining the automation of the receipt and acceptance process with the widespread use of electronic signatures could be a major move towards full automation.
Reviewers hail this biography as "a work of deep research and intense concentration, full of archive-sweat, legwork and looking" (Julian Barnes, the New York Times Book Review ), not to mention a great read.
More important, they proved unsatisfying to us, because such canned programs do not address the full range of temporally related questions one wishes to ask (and modifying these programs' code is usually not possible).
Camp is now in full swing and the kids are having a great time.
The experts disagree only about the full extent of its range.
The analysis assumes that current-law benefits are paid in full after 2029 through borrowing from the Treasury.
In cases where LSC counsel were attorneys of record, there would be lingering doubt whether the truncated representation had resulted in complete analysis of the case, full advice to the client, and proper presentation to the court.
It's full moon Friday the 13 th , a nurse explained.
However, after the identification of differentially expressed cDNA the full length gene has to be cloned starting from minor sequence information (12 bp tag) which hampers further functional analysis of the corresponding protein, a complex task that requires the complete coding sequence.
"full of energy and spunk," and "a real ladies man."
Standardized tests are dispatched wittily in a scene in 'Tis in which an "Academic Chairman" reels off a list of what McCourt, as a neophyte teacher, must do with a class full of angry, ignorant, rebellious teen-agers:
It has prevailed, in full or in part, in 18 of the 20 cases so far decided.
Other Federal accounting standards may require the receiving entity to recognize the full cost as an expense (or, if appropriate, as an asset).
This is typical of the big papers: they usually report these jobs numbers as if it were perfectly obvious that the chief cause of inflation is full(er) employment.
Praise also goes to comedian Mike Nichols' film-acting debut: His "timing is flawless, his speech peppered with strange pauses through which we grasp the full weight of his irony, derision, and sheer incredulity at the peculiarity of the human phenomena that surround him" (Leslie Camhi, the Village Voice ). (Slate's Sarah Kerr argues that the movie is merely pretentious.)
The New York Times headline dwells on the probability of a "full trial" leading to a vote on the two articles of impeachment.
Bhaktapur expanded over the centuries from a nucleus around the Tachupal Tole, reached by a walk from the Nyatapola Temple through narrow streets full of unfamiliar merchandise: the lengths of red yarn are sold to be plaited in women’s hair; the gray cannonballs are homemade soap, the conical yellowish cigarettes are bidi, the cheapest tobacco, and can be bought singly.
In their genomes outside the supraoperon boundaries, Nostoc and Anabaena possess a full complement of genes for biosynthesis of tryptophan, tyrosine and phenylalanine.
This is because upgrades to existing retrofits will generally consume fewer resources than full retrofits regardless of the technology.
This study received full human subjects approval for each year during the study period from four institutional review boards: the University of California, Berkeley; the California Department of Health Services; the CDC; and Public Health Foundation Enterprises, Inc.
The RFP was also modified to obtain more comprehensive information on sub-grantees that receive twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the LSC grant award, and sub-grantees that deliver a full range of services to a specific geographic area within the applicant's service area.
A nearly full week's worth of Slate will also be posted online Wednesday.
In a WP op-ed, budget analyst Scott Hodge takes a look at the $200 billion highway bill, which, critics claim, is full of gold-plated projects.
Several chapters originated as columns in Slate . Steve specializes in delightful explanations of apparent economic anomalies, so he surely can explain why ordering this excellent volume directly from the publisher costs the full price of $24 plus shipping and handling, while a bookstore with vast overheads of real estate and espresso machines will sell it to you at a 10-percent or 20-percent discount.
Democrats, unwilling to take another beating, folded, voting unanimously for the bill in full committee.
A coffee bar full of Gotham's hippest logicians couldn't construct a better example of the begging-the-question fallacy than Anne Hollander's lead to "Black Was Beautiful."
An entrance at the north end is guarded by the 13th-century castle, which has been adapted as one of the more luxurious and perennially full pousadas (see page 174).
West said she feels a custody order should be allowed to stand for the full term of the PFA - up to 18 months - as it does in many other counties in the state.
The context for all this jockeying is the fate of the tobacco bill, with its restrictions on teen marketing, now awaiting consideration by the full Senate.
The engineers at that firm know full well which .dll files could and would be needed by other applications, including the OS.
Additionally, while screening an enterocyte cDNA library for full length cDNAs using PCR, we consistently amplified two DNA products when using Abcg8 primers flanking exon 2; one of the expected size, and another very low copy product ~60 bases larger.
Sítio, the 90-m (300-ft) cliff at the north end of Nazaré, offers an excellent vantage point over the green hilly countryside, the tiled roofs of the neatly packed town, and mile after mile of beach open to the full force of the Atlantic Ocean.
If we're going to have full disclosure, then we have to accept the risks that go along with it.
She has big lips; full, fleshy cheeks; and enormous, showy teeth.
Given that Ovitz and his allies have been retailing the notion that he resigned, rather than being fired, Disney might not end up having to make good on the full value of Ovitz's severance package.
But the mammary DNA that gave rise to Dolly became dedifferentiated , capable of generating the full range of different cell types that make up a sheep.
Several of these men seemed to sense the full dimensions of the Holocaust.
All the negative reviews of his poems were from right-wing magazines, and were full of partisan bristles.
The former is noir camp, another acid- and amphetamine-soaked foray into Oliver Stone's America, full of pixilated brutality and meaningless montage (fractured zooms, black-and-white scudding clouds, close-ups of carrion and stuffed mountain lions).
The medical procedures and wonder drugs of this century have been encouraged and funded with full support of political and religious leaders.
At the start of Monica Lewinsky's great week--the Andrew Morton book, the Barbara Walters interview, and an interview with British television's Channel 4 (for a reported $640,000)--the British press is full of her.
"The Future Starts Here" was the Irish Independent 's front-page headline Monday as papers on both sides of the Irish Sea were full of cautious optimism about the future of Northern Ireland.
Despite the revelations, the co-chairman of the Senate Y2K committee definitely sees a glass half full: "There aren't as many people lying to us as there used to be."
The papers are dominated by the political reactions of the White House and its critics to Saturday's House Judiciary vote forwarding articles of impeachment to the full House.
The WP leads with word that President Clinton has sent an $850,000 check to Paula Jones as settlement in full of the sexual harassment suit she had brought against him.
One of the first happened to be to a French VIP, and she opened with full diapason: Nous avons l'horreur d'accuser réception de votre lettre.
b) bhumidar `landowner having full title,' from Hindi bhumi `earth, land' and Persian dar `holder';
For full details and a descriptive brochure, write to Omnigraphics, Inc., Penobscot Building, Detroit, MI 48226, or phone the toll-free number (800) 234-1340; the FAX number is (313) 961-1383.
We conclude this list of thanks by coming full circle: We thank the families of 9/11, whose persistence and dedication helped create the Commission.
In a recent search of all publicly available plant sequences, including the full Arabidopsis genome, no homologs of lamins were found ( [ 33 ] and Meier, unpublished results).
The Ets binding site is important for full CD5 expression
However, in the presence of the endogenous ligand β-endorphin (when released at the synapse) or another full agonist, a weaker agonist can potentially act as a competitive antagonist.
Preliminary analyses made adjustments for 5-year age groups; these analyses included telephone interview respondents for variables asked in both the full and abbreviated interviews.
1620, promote relative equity in the availability of the full range of client service capacities necessary to meet the full continuum of client legal needs regardless of where in the state clients live?
It believes the criteria would be better applied to the full rate production decision or when low rate production quantities extend beyond 10 percent of the planned weapon system buy.
Hong Kong is full of giant malls.
Collections such as Asian art and Egyptian artifacts are on terraced balconies, allowing a full view of the roof from the ground floor.
If you plan to climb one of the peaks — not a mountaineering feat but a few hours’ or a full day’s hill walking and scrambling over rocks — it’s essential to stay nearby and start early.
The boats that ply the route from Bangsal to the islands wait for a full load of 15 to 20 people.
A full day’s outing from Puerto de la Cruz along the unspoiled north and west coasts covers some of the island’s most spectacular sights and scenery.
The paper reports that at a closed-door meeting with members, Newt Gingrich seemed irritated by such scruples and won "a huge ovation" after reminding attendees that the House had already voted for full disclosure, and that pulling back now would only lead to news leaks.
However, they said that such measurements would be difficult because it is costly to do the research and recordkeeping necessary to develop information on (1) the full cost of controls--both the initial cost and operational inefficiencies associated with the controls--and (2) the full cost of incidents or problems resulting from inadequate controls.
Some weaker genes are, however, also in the cluster, the weakest being the 1332nd strongest gene among the full list of 3624.
Salon , for example, is already full of baloney.
After a stay in Madeira, you’re likely to wish your home could be one-tenth as verdant and full of flowers.
If your computer operated at Morse code's bandwidth, it would take between a half-day and a full day to download a page from Slate .
She turned her serious gray-eyed gaze full on me.
"Steve's promotion will allow me to dedicate myself full time to my passion-building great software and strategizing on the future."
Gertie would be hanging still, a marvel of suspension design, but for one rather obvious fault: Her stiffening girders--solid plates rather than the usual open trusses--caught the full blast in a high-wind corridor.
In practice, the CSG often reported not even to the full Principals Committee but instead to the so-called Small Group formed by Berger, consisting only of those principals cleared to know about the most sensitive issues connected with counterterrorism activities concerning Bin Ladin or the Khobar Towers investigation.
For the first two categories, the SPTRreal peptide was allowed to match a portion of the annotated peptide if it was designated as a 'fragment' of the full peptide sequence (125 or 3.4% of SPTRreal genes are designated with this tag).
Huichol art is vibrant, full of symbolism, and is generally created as a result of a spiritual “vision.”
It's a free paper, full of listings and reviews, that can be picked up from bookstores and restaurants on Thursday evenings, and from gutters and trash piles on Friday morning.
As derived by Zelen [ 11 ] , the adjusted sample size is the sample size if there were full attendance and no contamination divided by (f 1 - f 0 ) 2.
However, Figure 2Balso shows that full substitution of adenosine by DAP reduced the hybridization signals for many of the probes, generating a bowing towards the unmodified control condition and suggesting a duplex destabilizing effect of complete DAP substitution in certain sequence contexts [ 11 23 ] . On a global scale, such a high incidence of probes with reduced hybridization signals may limit the usefulness of the complete DAP substitution.
The cistern hall contains a circular cistern still full of water, which is now inhabited by a population of turtles.
Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., proposed that the committee pass the Lee nomination on to the full Senate without a recommendation, something Hatch had wanted to do for Lucas eight years ago.
The AMS system also allows users to search the full text of the public comments, identifies form letter comments and ex parte communications,8 and provides a list of related government web sites-features that are currently not available in the DOT docket management system.
One gets a sense of the priorities in Cuba: A teacher who couldn't put meat on her table (what little she finds she gives to her son) was able to obtain a full medical work-up including endoscopy and biopsy of her stomach.
Benford's Law shows that in any given number, the first digit is most likely to be 1. (For the reasoning behind this astonishing fact, TP highly recommends reading the article in full.)
Arriving by sea brings the stunning vista slowly into view allowing the full magnitude of its structure to open out in front of you, for Santorini frames the largest volcanic crater in the world.
Furthermore, Figure 6shows that the organization of the full complement of trp -pathway genes into two operons in X. fastidiosa is similar or identical to that of some of its nearest neighbors on the 16S rRNA tree, although the Xylella operons exhibit atypically large intergenic spacings.
Poitier might have humanized Steiger, but Mr. Tibbs is nominally flesh and blood, a man with a full range of emotions.
The Times has made a big fuss about a New York state survey showing that "of the legions of people who came off the welfare rolls in New York City from July 1996 through March 1997, only 29 percent found full-time or part-time jobs" in the first full quarter after they left welfare.
Michael Kimmelman glows in the New York Times , "[m]useums are full of pictures by old masters like Hals and Greuze and Boilly that, like Rockwell's pictures, show everyday scenes.
Many note similarities in their sinuous, full lips; dimpled chins; and "intense eyes."
The NYT sums up the situation to which this is a response: Two-thirds of nursing homes are not in full compliance with federal standards.
Now a National Historic Site, this fascinating home is full of period furniture.
I was (slowly) downloading full images while everyone else was using Lynx.
4, for a full discussion of Federal cost accounting principles and standards.
The lysate was then centrifuged at full speed in a microcentrifuge at 4°C for 15 min.
Since she has full immunity, it doesn't hurt her if it's bogus.
As a result, the full manual alignment contains small blocks of residues that are well aligned throughout the EPK family, punctuated by blocks of residues that are aligned within particular subfamilies but not throughout the rest of the EPK family.
I faintly recall jamming a full pack of bubblegum into my mouth before every softball game I played.
The arena is usually sold out--technically--but with plenty of empty seats, the signature of a town full of lawyers and big shots who aren't sure they want to be sports fans.
There are over 300 distinct β-lactamases known, and these enzymes have been grouped by a number of classification schemes [ 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 ] . For example, Bush has developed a scheme, based on the enzymes' molecular properties, that has four distinct β-lactamase groups [ 10 15 ] . One of the more alarming groups are the Bush group 3 enzymes, which are Zn(II) dependent enzymes that hydrolyze nearly all known β-lactam containing antibiotics and for which there are no or very few known clinical inhibitors [ 9 14 16 17 18 19 ] . The metallo-β-lactamases have been further divided by Bush into subgroups based on amino acid sequence identity: the Ba enzymes share a >23% sequence identity, require 2 Zn(II) ions for full activity, prefer penicillins and cephalosporins as substrates, and are represented by metallo-β-lactamase CcrA from Bacteroides fragilis, the Bb enzymes share a 11% sequence identity with the Ba enzymes, require only 1 Zn(II) ion for full activity, prefer carbapenems as substrates, and are represented by the metallo-β-lactamase imiS from Aeromonas sobria, and the Bc enzymes have only 9 conserved residues with the other metallo-β-lactamases, require 2 Zn(II) ions for activity, contain a different metal binding motif than the other metallo-β-lactamases, prefer penicillins as substrates, and are represented by the metallo-β-lactamase L1 from Stenotrophomonas maltophilia [ 9 ] . A similar grouping scheme (B1, B2, and B3) based on structural properties of the metallo-β-lactamases has recently been offered [ 41 ] . The diversity of the group 3 β-lactamases is best exemplified by the enzymes' vastly differing efficacies towards non-clinical inhibitors; these differences predict that one inhibitor may not inhibit all metallo-β-lactamases [ 18 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 ] . To combat this problem, we are characterizing a metallo-β-lactamase from each of the subgroups in an effort to identify a common structural or mechanistic aspect of the enzymes that can be targeted for the generation of an inhibitor.
Finally, the fourth set of rules, contained in sections 181 and 182 of the rules of practice, 10 applies to Postal Service requests for new services that it believes cannot recover all their associated costs in the first full fiscal year of their operation.
The WP forecasts that the Senate trial will either be a "tedious rehashing of the existing evidence" or "a full O.J.
were comparable to, and had confidence intervals that overlapped with, chronic values reported in the literature for both ELS and full life-cycle tests.
The full sentence, from Jeff Giles' review, reads:
2) The subject has 2 or more full siblings who each have had an ischemic stroke and who are participating in the study.
Gaultier's male models wear full makeup and pencil mustaches with their finery, and they smolder with conviction.
I brought my own laptop and wireless modem, the better to read Slate in its full framed glory.
By the late nineteenth century, these uses of great and small became obsolete, but to go great guns continued to allude to the loudness, forcefulness, and large size of long-ago cannons and still means to `proceed with considerable momentum, to go full steam ahead, at full bore.
Compare that with Windows 98: $199 for a full setup, $89 for an upgrade, or bundled for "free" as part of nearly every non-Macintosh computer.
In addition to the monthly publication Berlin Programm, produced by the tourist office, there are two listings magazines, Tip and Zitty, published every two weeks, which give full details and reviews.
It will not be possible to gauge the full potential, advantages, and disadvantages until such studies have been completed.
Participants also discussed the idea of exploring different levels or layers of reporting while still having full disclosure.
) in a voice full of pain.
Proponents of affirmative action will ask the full 9 th Circuit to reverse the decision.
The 1999 Invest in Youth Campaign is in full swing.
Like Alfama, the Bairro Alto (upper city) is a hilly area full of evocative houses decorated with wrought-iron balconies usually occupied by birdcages and flowerpots.
6Lshows a semi-parallel section stained for Thy-1 glycoprotein, a characteristic marker of human decidual cells [ 46 ] . Note Thy-1+ decidual cells (white arrowhead) and unstained extravillous trophoblast cells (full arrowhead).
These include ideas such as limiting the appeals that states and individuals can file if the feds decline to pick up restoration costs--while these appeals are pending, FEMA has to pick up the full costs of relocating not only families but also such expensive entities as city halls and universities.
(I know, you're going to tell me that the Southern Conference on Human Welfare was full of com-symps.
Heretofore dismissed as "a freak show accompanied by a soundtrack" (Lorraine Ali, the Los Angeles Times ), Manson comes out with an album that is "wickedly engaging" (N'Gai Croal, Newsweek ). The music is said to be rich and intense, full of pomp and '70s style high-glam à la Ziggy Stardust.
Joyce Maynard, "full of very honest writing by me and the men and women who subscribe, who send me extraordinarily moving letters about their own lives."
6, step 3, for more information on procurements that do not promote full and open competition).
HeLa cells were transfected by calcium phosphate precipitation using 1 μg of plasmid expressing the full length receptor isoform and 1 μg of a ΔMTV-IR-CAT reporter gene, as previously described [ 22, 23].
Waterskiing: This is slightly less popular, but there are facilities in Tel Aviv, which has a mechanical pull (Southern Park; tel. 03-739 1168), and Eilat, which offers the full range of motorized watersports, including jet skis, parasailing, and water bananas.
An important characteristic of the dance performances is the elaborate beautiful costumes, very full and colorful dresses, that are the traditional dress from the various states of Mexico, such as Jalisco, Veracruz, Chihuahua, and Durango.
Such a little thing--barely the size of a shoe box--yet it puts out the "full, rich sound" of a "primary music system."
But Chekhov, out of a childhood that one of his brothers called "crushing anguish," ranged the full field of society, and always with a delicacy that still makes the world gasp.
Perhaps inspired by its own acronym, ESPRIT insists that each ESPRIT project, however complex its title, choose a single-word acronym by which it may be identified; and ESPRIT itself never refers to projects by their full names, but only by the acronyms.
In Israel Sunday, the conservative Jerusalem Post said it is "a disgrace" that President Clinton's war against terrorism is not getting the full backing "of all politicians in Congress, all US allies in the democracies, and all its so-called friends in the Arab and Islamic world."
Turning to subjects about which I know little, I was delighted by the full and informative article, INDIAN ENGLISH 1, but even that provokes a criticism (probably felt by the Editor even more strongly than by me), namely, where is the Index?
Pause for full disclosure.
Replacement of this aspartic acid residue even by the negatively charged glutamic acid (a very close analog of aspartic acid) did not significantly suffice to restore a full inhibitory activity of PAI-1 (Fig.
Pooter on Perkupp: "My heart was too full to thank him."
On the heels of a recent piece that laid bare Trent Lott's fund-raising, today's Journal surveys the many competing campaign reform bills on the House docket (one dozen bills; 500 amendments) and concludes that "GOP leaders will assume the role of full partners in overhaul legislation--in an effort to kill it."
5 the thymic microenvironment in Rag mutants has not been exposed to abnormal thymocyte development for very long, and has not yet developed the full phenotype seen in the steady state adult Rag mutant thymus [ 35 ] .
This requires specially prepared Pfam full alignments and profile HMMs that are created with the HMMER software as follows:
Indeed, it is important that teen-agers should recognize that they are becoming adults, and that they are not in some playground where they have full capabilities and no responsibilities.
Users of the L will be far better off if spared the technique of defining in the W , carried over from the Third Unabridged , in which the full explanatory definition is abandoned in favor of a scattering of synonyms set in SMALL CAPITALS, which, more often than not, are likely to lead the user who has the paitence to pursue them to other words defined in the same inept manner.
Once sophisticated computational pipelines can cope with the full range of complex genomic features, we will benefit from better resources for biological investigation.
4, for a full discussion of Federal cost accounting principles and standards.
Although you have to look at Rothschild's 1990 book, Bionomics: Economy as Ecosystem , to get the full flavor, the essential tenets of the movement are spelled out on the Bionomics Institute home page, which offers a primer called "Bionomics 101."
The film is "from deep in left field--immaculately written, unexpectedly touching" and is full of "exuberance and innocence" (Jeff Giles, Newsweek ). A few complain that the movie lags, and New York 's Peter Rainier criticizes it for "callowness."
It goes on to say heart disease is lower in moderate drinkers but then warns of other dangers and cautions against "guidelines to the general public" that encourage drinking (for the full text, click here).
He dreamed up a conceptual scheme, full of ideal types and whatnot, that tied everything together.
The general clonus was characterized by forelimb clonus followed by full clonus of the body.
Provide an Indianapolis child with a summer full of fun!
But it's so weird how full of odd bits of gossip these New York papers are.
It is quite firm about the r -sound when it follows a vowel-sound or is at the ends of words, not dropping it as is usual with the RP but insisting that it be given full value, in various ways, as it is in Scots and Irish and, generally but not always, in the speech of most Americans except for those in New England and the South.
In addition, many workers are unaware that the retirement age for full Social Security benefits is gradually rising from age 65 to 67.
They considered ways in which the 33 civil legal services programs in the state (including the 12 LSC entities) should expand partnerships to ensure that low-income Floridians had access to a full array of the highest quality legal services possible.
Lovers company (see page 116) has small and large boats and offers wine and cheese cruises or full dinner cruises.For a more private cruise (and one in which you can arrange your own itinerary) you can hire a water taxi in the smaller waterways.
According to the South China Morning Post of Hong Kong Monday, the "minimum requirements" of even moderates in the Chinese Politburo are that Washington issue a full apology for the bombing of the Chinese Embassy in Belgrade, pay adequate compensation, and allow China a bigger role in resolving the Kosovo conflict.
Protein structure also plays a crucial role in a full understanding of protein function as it is more conserved than sequence and hence exposes relationships not possible from sequence alone.
The Post 's lead about Lott is a case in point: its narrative, about how Lott's proposing a strategy for avoiding a full trial and an instant censure deal and how conservatives in the House and Senate are less than thrilled, was pretty much the Post 's lead yesterday too.
His most successful effort to date involves Richard Holbrooke, who has endured confirmation limbo for a full year.
Once the SCR reactor is full, layers of catalyst are replaced after catalyst activity drops to a minimum level.
In a full page tribute to King, the paper concluded, "The black American community has never again found a leader of his stature."
He is reviewing Philip Roth's Deception which contrasts London, and an anti-semitism in which Jews seem to connive, with New York, characterized by Jews with force ... full of anger.
Sport fishing — that is, catching fish and returning them to the water — is hugely popular, and you can charter fishing boats by the half-day, full day, or week on almost every one of the main islands.
The expression and purification of recombinant human cJun/cFos (full length proteins) will be described elsewhere (H.
full and open competition,
This doesn't mean the Chronicle list doesn't contain traditional, mainstream commercial titles--it does--but it includes books too esoteric for the chains and books that people are willing to pay full price for.
But we can and must do everything in our power to help you build a future without fear, and full of hope.
--while Gore had the full (pre-accident) Christopher Reeves look about him.
A few Democrats believe that a full trial can serve the nation and the party.
The packaging for Seventh Generation toilet paper claims that "[i]f every household in the U.S. replaced just one roll of 500 sheet virgin fiber bathroom tissues with 100% recycled ones, we could save: 297,000 trees; 1.2 million cubic feet of landfill space, equal to 1,400 full garbage trucks; 122 million gallons of water, a year's supply for 3,500 families of four."
In an editorial Thursday, the Manila Times of the Philippines said that "the imagery of the bomb--the mushroom cloud, the ticking clock--has suddenly re-entered the public consciousness once more as India, in full view of the world, conducted five nuclear tests and then proceeded to declare itself a nuclear weapons state."
Foodies don't believe in mixing and matching--it's the culinary equivalent of putting an Eames chair in a room full of frilly French antiques.
Caterpillar has learned from experience that it will achieve the full reliability goal by full production if it meets the interim goal by the time it produces pilot production units.
Oil money and federal largess--funds available either in full or at the most favorable matching rates for roads, military bases, parks, refuges, the Coast Guard, native affairs, and the full gamut of social-welfare benefits--allows the state to eschew both an income tax and a sales tax.
It's the critics who are in love: Gwyneth Paltrow is gorgeous, Joseph Fiennes is dashing, and the movie is "smart and giddily entertaining" (David Ansen, Newsweek ). Fiennes' young Will Shakespeare has an affair with Paltrow's character that becomes the basis for Romeo and Juliet . Tom Stoppard and Marc Norman's screenplay is full of amusing references to Shakespeare plays, but is not so erudite that it won't please crowds, and the dialogue "percolates with bubbly finesse" (Owen Gleiberman, Entertainment Weekly ). The New Yorker 's David Denby puts a slight damper on the general festivities: He says the film starts out muddled, though it livens up by the end.
Under the full environmental cell scenario, the estimated annual cost would be $244.
She lowers her voice a full octave and intones the words in a constrained fury--the voice not of Nora but of wronged women forever.
The same pattern was observed when U73343 was added 4 min after MTX, i.e., full protection from oncosis with ~40% zeiosis.
This has happened in electoral politics at the same time that all our mailboxes are full of computer-generated mailings from single-issue advocacy groups seeking to raise money from paper "memberships."
Apparently, the purified, recombinant enzyme does not bind its full complement of Zn(II); therefore, 100 μM Zn(II) was included in all subsequent kinetic studies.
Life is full of mysteries.
The information on which the account is based comes from sources who were not privy to the full scope of al Qaeda andTaliban planning.
The full title means “the dialogue of the shepherds,” and it is an interpretation of the dialogue and reaction the shepherds may have had when they learned of the birth of Jesus Christ.
In Australia, the Sydney Morning Herald said in an editorial Monday that, while the vote in East Timor marks a new beginning for the territory, this is also "a day full of foreboding."
Because endogenous CD81 costimulation could still occur in cultures without 5A6 added, the differences due to addition of 5A6 might actually underestimate the full potential of CD81's effect.
Ages and ethnicities of cases and controls that completed the full interview were very similar by study design (Table 1).
Redesign of the delivery system by creation of 6 regions and consolidation of the LSC programs from 15 to 8. Each region was required to develop its own plan for a full service regional delivery system, with sufficient capacities in the areas outlined in LSC's program letters.
With the exception of Bullmore's ghastly Rezia (her accent is pathetic), the rest of the actors are treasurable: Michael Kitchen as old Peter Walsh, who melds so perfectly with Alan Cox, the young Walsh, that I wondered if Gorris had got hold of a time machine and used the same actor twice; Selina Cadell's rough-hewed missionary Miss Kilman; Sarah Badel's stout and effulgent Lady Rosseter (the aged Sally Seton); Oliver Ford Davies' lockjawed twit Hugh Whitbread; John Standing's anxiously settled older Dalloway; and the lyrically foolish Lady Bruton of Margaret Tyzack, full of liberal schemes for helping the unemployed by shipping them off to Canada.
Frantz (full disclosure here, I correspond with him) and Collins tend to be earnest and well-meaning, hence sometimes a tad pompous.
4 Chapter 7 of the Objectives of Federal Financial Reporting provides a full discussion of financial position and financial condition.
The Commission's interpretation is the only interpretation which comports with the language and legislative history of the presence requirement and which permits full and meaningful representation to aliens eligible for legal assistance consistent with Congress' purpose.
They sincerely believe he is unfit to hold office and that the Constitution requires a full trial--damage to the Senate and the GOP be damned!
You’ll find a full range of sports offered: from tennis, windsurfing, and waterskiing to snorkeling and diving — however it is fair to say that the underwater world so close to the capital can be disappointing.
The New York Times and Washington Post go with President Clinton's statement that Democrats should vote their consciences, with no need to fear White House retribution, when the full House of Representatives decides today whether or not to start an impeachment inquiry.
An adulatory feature about Woody Allen marvels at his hard work and resilience, gives his side of the Soon-Yi story (her "presence is a reminder of life's bounty"), and hypes his "radiant" new movie, Everyone Says I Love You . His hapless schlub persona is revealed to be mere persona: He's actually full of confidence.
The IRS is full of Jews, Bob."
A major advance in spectral analysis was the development of Maximum Entropy Spectral Analysis, or MESA by Burg [ 48 49 50 51 ] . The reader is referred to [ 39 ] for a full treatment of the topic.
The LAT lead quotes one senator saying that each of his colleagues to speak thus far has used up his full fifteen minutes.
Unfortunately, Maytag investors didn't find that out until the company announced the shortfall Friday morning, after two full days of massive selling on no news at all.
Ms. Chiaro treats not only these but, when she hits full stride, the difficulties in translating jokes between languages, where even the explanations are often hard to get across, because of either sociocultural differences, linguistic differences, or both.
4, for a full discussion of Federal cost accounting principles and standards.
So many of these contradictions come to a head in The Spectator , the Tory magazine that is full of sparkling writing.
Fight Club careers from one resonant satirical idea to the next without quite deciding whether its characters are full of crap or are Gen X prophets.
Although most L1 elements are severely 5' truncated, a significant fraction are full length (Figure 4).
To do the palace, grounds, and surrounding museums full justice, you will need to spend at least a day here.
To minimize the problem of genes straddling these arbitrary units we first fed the BAC sequences into a lightweight version of the full annotation pipeline that estimated the positions of genes.
To him a real military plan to address al Qaeda would need to go all the way, following through the details of a full campaign (including the political-military issues of where operations would be based) and securing the rights to fly over neighboring countries.
Balmy and often misty weather keeps Chengdu green and full of flowers year ‘round.
Extracts were briefly sonicated and then centrifuged at full speed in a microcentrifuge at 4°C for 15 min.
[ 21 ] , expecting medical staff to learn new software while caring for a full load of patients is a common reason for failure.
Coming into the room full of friends, Bill Harris announced Hey, I'm really not late, look, he shoved up his sleeve to show them his wrist watch and then, in surprise he shouted, Oh, damn, I've broken my crotch whistle.
Today's NYT contains a letter from the Yale Dean, who doesn't address the op-ed's charges that in Yale co-ed dorms, students are frequently forced into "sexile" while their roommates are having sex, and that the halls are full of people of the opposite gender in various stages of undress.
To investigate the possible consequences of including abstracts for which we could not obtain full reports, we excluded these data in secondary analyses.
Our data clearly show that nalbuphine is a potent agonist at the μ opioid receptor with an efficacy similar to that of morphine, thus agreeing with in vivo data showing that morphine and nalbuphine are equally potent as analgesics [ 33 ] . However, other reports have described nalbuphine as a "mixed agonist/antagonist" with agonism at κ opioid receptors and antagonism at μ opioid receptors based on in vivo data [ 11 33 ] . This categorization is likely due to the fact that nalbuphine has been shown to reduce the ventilatory depressant effect of other opioids, while adding to their analgesic effect [ 33 ] . Nalbuphine is also used clinically to reduce the opioid-mediated side effects such as itching, without completely reversing the analgesic effects of the full agonists [ 34 35 36 ] . According to our data, although nalbuphine is clearly a potent agonist at μ receptors, its levels of agonism is significantly lower than the very efficacious drug fentanyl and the endogenous ligand β-endorphin.
Both fentanyl and hydromorphone showed maximal efficacies that were not significantly different compared to that of the endogenous ligand β-endorphin (P > 0.05), thus categorizing them as full agonists compared to β-endorphin.
McCain talks until your notebook is full, your tape player is out of batteries and your pen is out of ink.
More surprising than evident but relatively insignificant differences between the language in Pepys's Diary and our everyday language are the words and expressions that have persisted in English for more than three centuries without having ever gained full acceptance.
The paper says that throughout the course of U.S. officials' investigation of the incident, their requests for help from Egypt have produced only limited cooperation, and that this month Al Gore privately demanded that Egypt's Hosni Mubarak order a full investigation.
SSZ has previously been associated with neutropenia with an estimated incidence of 0.04% during the first 30 days of treatment [ 34 ] . Bone marrow biopsy specimens of patients with SSZ induced agranulocytosis reveal a paucity of myeloid cells but full recovery typically occurs within 10 days of drug discontinuation [ 35 36 37 ] . Although our patient had adequate myeloid cells in her bone marrow biopsy, she developed absolute neutropenia by hospital day #19 that improved with steroid therapy.
The Web is full of sites that give away valuable stuff free in the hope of making it back in advertising.
One of the things the educated elites did during the CCRI fight was to use the full power of their influence in the media and the culture to oppose, discredit, and in many cases smear the supporters.
Joy Settembrino, who refused Hamid's requests to purchase items unrelated to the research, says of Hamid: "It almost seemed that he acted as if the check for the full $2.
The statutory validity that courts assume in LSC cases will remain open for full determination in later cases.
That is not inaccurate, but it scarcely tells the full story, nor is it particularly helpful in explaining the use of may , which is the present of which might is the past, in constructions like She may have said that vs. She might have said that .
The LAT has a front-page story confirming that the woman in the Kenya rubble known to rescuers only as "Rose" (full name: Rose Wanjiku Mwangi) was found dead on Wednesday.
In the Sala della Pace (Hall of Peace, council chamber of the Nine Patricians), the full force of Siena’s civic pride strikes home in the impressive allegorical frescoes (1337–1339) by another local master, Ambrogio Lorenzetti.
(The other eight are, in chronological order: 1) The Starr report, 2) the supporting documents, 3) David Schippers' opening presentation to the House Judiciary Committee, 4) Starr's testimony to the committee, 5) Schippers' closing presentation, 6) the committee's final report, 7) the committee's presentation to the full House, and 8) the briefs filed this week by the managers.)
The ESU team on the 31st floor found the full collapse of the South Tower so unfathomable that they radioed back to the ESU officer at the command post and asked him to repeat his communication.
It is well known that he hated Yale, which he thought was full of intellectual snobs, and also that he did poorly there in academic terms.
Degradation of full length DFF45 was used to indicate caspase 3 activity.
Also infected with Mediaphobia is the opportunistic gang of legislators who passed the Communications Decency Act, knowing full well that the Supremes will overturn it.
French newspapers reported Monday that Jiang spent three hours at dinner discussing human rights issues with French President Jacques Chirac, but Jiang told Le Figaro in an interview Monday that "in every country human rights should be managed by its own government in full independence" and that the Chinese government opposed any foreign interference in its internal affairs.
Although it is English that they speak, you would hardly think so when you first hear them in full flow.
Purpose Demonstrate form, fit and function, and Demonstrate the product is capable, Demonstrate ready for full rate a stable design reliable, and manufacturing production processes in statistical control
His writing is full of sentences that begin something like, "As John Cage once asked me ..."
The House Republicans, the paper explains, will cast secret ballots for Speaker on November 18th, with the full House voting on the matter in January.
On the other hand, a sign of how much money is washing around this country is on full display in USAT 's front-pager on expensive toys.
Jarrah also no longer wore a full beard and, according to Senguen, acted much more the way he had when she first met him.
Popular fiction of the 1940s and '50s was full of scathing descriptions of women whose deceptive blondness was dark at the roots.
In his heart, he undoubtedly favors a full trial.
And the tabloid Daily Express found the queen "upstaged" by the actor Sean Connery, an advocate of full independence for Scotland, who received "the biggest cheer of the day" when he arrived in full Highland dress with kilt and sporran and announced menacingly, "This is only the beginning."
The Clinton Birthplace Foundation offers full membership privileges to those who pay only $10.
All patients reached the maximal (100%) relaxation response and received a Fahey scale 0 for tracheal intubation, and were extubated and discharged from the operating room with a full recovery of the neuromuscular function (T ≥ 95%) and without any complication of drug administration.
After all, the text had no meaning outside the reader's mind; so if that mind became full of imagined events as a result of reading the text, then it had failed in its quest for happeninglessness.
In exchange for flexibility in methods to control emissions, a full accounting of emissions through
You get a full development system with an unlimited server-based OS.
In an information system review, all controls in a computer system, for the full range of application functions and products, are assessed and tested.
A prosperous tourist district, it is full of shopping centers and department stores, along with a number of good restaurants.
This is the way organism is transcribed in the key; but the text itself shows a full schwa, which indicates that perhaps Wells vacillated on this point himself.
A full array of educational services are incorporated to enhance the learning experience for the students, including:
Switzerland has recently offered words of conciliation and established a reparations fund, but many Jews feel it has yet to make full amends for its role as banker to the Nazi party.
Hand, Holmes, and Brandeis based their First Amendment opinions not on some putative right to individual self-expression (an idea Holmes referred to as "the right of the donkey to drool") but on a democratic need for full and open political debate.
A few defend Morris: His unorthodox technique captures Reagan's contradictions and makes for "a very strange, very interesting, very exasperating book, full to bursting of both lies and honesty" that calls to mind some of fiction's most masterful unreliable narrators, such as "the madness of Nabokov's Charles Kinbote" (Hendrik Hertzberg, The New Yorker ). Christopher Lehmann-Haupt writes a solidly positive review: "I can think of few conventional political biographies that bring their subjects' pasts so richly alive" (the New York Times ). But the Times ' other reviewer voices the conventional wisdom, calling it "a bizarre, irresponsible and monstrously self-absorbed book" (Michiko Kakutani).
Excerpts from the U.S. government's current (1995) dietary guidelines (click here for the full text) include the following:
Studies in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, and Dade County, Fla., also found a drop in suicides at the full moon.
Or are all such categories simply irrelevant to the experience of people who, maddened by the loss of their families and entire worlds, might best be considered to have been 'temporarily insane' in the full and exculpatory legal sense of the term?"
To be enrolled as a concordant sibling, the subject must have a full sibling enrolled as a proband in SWISS.
This is basically because the overall number of jobs in the United States is determined by Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan, who is always trying to get the economy as close to full employment as he can without creating inflation.
In Paris, Le Monde , welcoming the indictment as an important new step "in the fight against impunity and barbarism," said Arbour had acted with full independence and freedom, but this view was questioned south of the Alps.
Technology innovations can improve full representation through quicker legal research and information gathering capacities.
Teatro La Perla (Tel. 843-4080) in Ponce also has a full card of performances, especially at festival time.
This dietary intervention shows that many fibromyalgia subjects can be helped even without understanding the full cause of their symptoms.
Its full chemical name is 3,20-diketo-6-methyl-17-α-hydroxy-19-norpregna-4,6-diene [ 9].
Atta told Binalshibh he wanted to select planes departing on long flights because they would be full of fuel, and that he wanted to hijack Boeing aircraft because he believed them easier to fly than Airbus aircraft, which he understood had an autopilot feature that did not allow them to be crashed into the ground.
In these cases the difference between full cost and the internal sales price or reimbursement (sometimes called a "transfer price") is an imputed cost to the receiving entity.
Saturday my study group (go ahead, laugh) met to discuss Doug Henwood's new book Wall Street (I missed this session because I hadn't read the book) and at lunchtime they went to a demonstration in Union Square, that was supposed to be of Latino sweatshop workers, and came away reeling: maybe fifteen people, mostly ancient sectarians and a few young ones, all full of the old rhetoric (a moment of silence followed by a "moment of rage" with raised fists but some people didn't know how to do it, memories of the black athletes' stand at the Mexico City Olympics having faded).
Human resource development and management-Increase employee technical competence, authority, and the tools needed to meet agency and customer needs; continue to develop and utilize the full potential of the agency's human resources and create an environment that is conducive to performance excellence and personal and organizational growth.
After evaluating the full spectrum of expression patterns, we address the identification of grain filling genes by a measure of correlation with a familiar expression pattern, conceptually conforming to grain filling.
The measure is artfully constructed to hide its full cost; big-ticket items, such as repeal of the estate tax and the alternative minimum tax and across-the-board rate cuts, aren't fully phased in until 2009.
In Texas, unlike in some other states, women who aren't divorced can't gain full control over their portion of assets.
Tax authorities are further threatened by the growing use of electronic money . E-cash can be used to facilitate a host of illegal businesses, including drug transactions, thereby eliminating the need for suitcases full of $100 bills.
The full extent of unpaid wage damages, failure to pay end-of-season bonuses, wrongful discharge, retaliation, and disputes over periods of employment often may not be determined until the work is finished.
They tried more than a half-dozen restaurants and pizza parlors and found them variously full, out of food, closed for lack of water for washing up, and charging one-eighth of a month's salary for a single pizza.
Prices vary, but a full day’s rental of boat and crew would be between $400 and $500.
On the contrary, they call attention to a truth less honest advisers have preferred to obscure and parents only half want to hear: that child rearing is a messy art of compromise and contradictions, full of uncertainty.
For the purposes of this analysis, smoking 4 hand rolled cigarettes, 4 cigars, or 4 pipes full of tobacco was considered equivalent to smoking 1 pack of industrial cigarettes.
Culebra is full of natural beauty: beaches (Flamenco is the most celebrated), clear waters full of marine life, and land awash with flowers.
Civic's revenue comes from full houses, workshop and program tuitions, facility rental, foundations, corporate sponsors and individual contributions from supporters like you.
In contrast, fixed-priced contracts, except those subject to price adjustment, provide for a preestablished firm price, place maximum risk and full responsibility for all costs and resulting profit or loss on the contractor, and provide maximum incentive for the contractor to control costs and perform effectively.
Once on full feeds, a trial off sodium benzoate, sodium phenylacetate, and arginine resulted in maintenance of her ammonium levels below 100 μmol/L.
What if your contribution to Keep Indianapolis Beautiful would only cost you 10-25% of its full value?
With my hands full, I couldn't even cover myself up.
Savings and investment were still necessarily equal; but if desired savings at full employment turned out to exceed desired investment, what would fall would be not interest rates but the level of employment and output.
In 2001, there were 57,392 active attorneys in Illinois and 74,311 on the full roll, according to the Attorney Registration and Disciplinary Commission.
The outside world did not know the full extent of the killing until reports after the fact.
Critics praise it for bucking Disney's musical-comedy formula: It's full of self-conscious humor (jokes about a glut of Hercules merchandise) and employs gospel music instead of the usual treacly pop tunes.
The New York Times observed that at Nader's anti-Microsoft conference, "The panels were full of Microsoft competitors and lawyers representing them."
There was a strange, celebrity-thin issue, full of stories such as one about a nurse who was fired for trying to perform CPR on a dying baby chimp; and another about a ring, lost for 22 years, that was found embedded in a potato.
Officials in both the Clinton and Bush administrations regarded a full U.S. invasion of Afghanistan as practically inconceivable before 9/11.
a heinous redistribution of wealth, [and] the exaltation of capital" (John Anderson, Newsday ). (Click here for the full Monty .)
Something of a mini-fortress, safe behind its own high wall, the house itself is fascinating — the interior is a museum to life in 16th- and 17th-century San Juan, with many rooms full of period furniture.
One passage in Herbert's account vividly demonstrates arrogance in blue: When, in open court, the NYPD cop accused of body slamming the plaintiff was asked to demonstrate his actions, he did the same thing again full force to a lawyer.
Amy's View , starring Judi Dench, is playing to full houses at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre, while Hare himself is performing a monologue about Israel, Via Dolorosa , at the Booth Theatre.
All the communities still have strong religious faith, the pretty churches are full on Sundays, and a conversation about some future event always ends with “…God willing” or “…with the Lord’s blessing.”
While full of delightfully quirky characters (peeping Toms, Scientologists), it is also "undeniably reminiscent of daytime soap opera" ( People ). (Click here for the official site.)
Inevitably, some of the entries are more imaginative than others; Dickson will have his hands full if everyone responds giving private words.
Guadeloupe and Martinique became full départements of France in 1946 — a source of great pride to many.
If Gore wants to maximize his potential years in the presidency, Clinton has to hang on until at least Jan. 21, 1999, so Gore can serve less than two years of Clinton's term and then two full terms of his own ...
He did not want this suit to become public, but the Clintonites, he asserted, learned about it and leaked word to Newsweek . The final paragraph of his statement bears quoting in full:
Reich is constantly the lone honest tribune of the people in rooms full of unattractive fat cats and grandees making improbable and unflattering remarks.
The similarity of estimates of chronically safe concentrations of toxicants derived from short-term, embryo-larval survival and teratogenicity tests to those derived from full life-cycle tests has been demonstrated by Birge et al.
Women who did not wish to participate in the full interview were asked to complete a brief telephone interview that included a subset of the full interview questions.
It is a quaint, picture-postcard village full of kitschy cottages, with narrow, tree-lined streets crammed with expensive restaurants, art galleries, and craft shops.
And it's bad enough that the papers are full of content-free quotes from the "experts," but why is it that the experts' own agendas are rarely mentioned?
Regiments of soldiers in full dress regalia march precisely to the sound of pipe and drum in the Military Tattoo, and connoisseurs of the silver screen gather for an extravaganza of offerings on celluloid.
But in his on-the- record comments, Klain gave a full Bull Durham , claiming that "my heart said stay, but my head told me it was time to move on."
Fortuna utca is a charming, much-photographed street full of pastel-painted houses and takes its name from a tavern which stood at number 4 from 1785 to 1868.
Beginning in 2001, workers could take the full two-percentage-point cut in payroll taxes they propose, including the employer share, and invest the money in personal savings accounts.
The elegant Friedrichstraße is full of expensive shops offering highly desirable items, with Galeries Lafayette providing an injection of French style.
Although monitoring, in itself, may encourage compliance with information security policies, the full benefits of monitoring are not achieved unless results are used to improve the security program.
Our Office received a copy of the full analysis.
Criteria for inclusion for postoperative pain were: full journal publication, randomized controlled trials which included single dose treatment groups of oral rofecoxib and placebo, double blind design, baseline postoperative pain of moderate to severe intensity, patients over 15 years of age, at least 10 patients per group, and the pain outcome measures of total pain relief (TOTPAR) or summed pain intensity difference (SPID) over 4-6 hours or sufficient data to allow their calculation.
On the outskirts of town, on or near Route 2A are: Emerson House, which is full of Ralph’s memorabilia; the enchanting Orchard House, owned by the Alcotts (including Louisa, who wrote Little Women here); and the Wayside, which was home to both the Alcotts and Nathaniel Hawthorne.
An editorial in the WP notes that a full 30 years after the passage of the Fair Housing Act, whites are still far more likely to own homes, even controlling for wealth and income.
And, in any case, parking garages are usually full.
In a review of the literature on 173 fish full life-cycle and ELS tests performed to determine the chronically safe concentrations of a wide variety of toxicants, such as metals, pesticides, organics, inorganics, detergents, and complex effluents, Woltering (1984) found that at the lowest effect concentration, significant reductions were observed in fry survival in 57%, fry growth in 36%, and egg hatchability in 19% of the tests.
Prime-time television is full of supposedly ordinary, typical families who live in fancier circumstances than anyone at the median income could afford.
In times of a downturn in the economy, they demonstrate a commitment by the full court, and by attorneys in Illinois, to assume responsibility for those unable to afford legal services and for those lawyers who need compassion and help."
Over 80 million Muslims form the second-largest religious group in India — almost as many as the population of Pakistan — most of them descendants from Hindu converts of the Mughals’ empire, who bore the brunt of Hindu retaliation for long years full of subjection and an often unfair identification with British rule.
The big driving numbers, like "What You Own," [LINK TO AUDIO] come out sounding like, say, Blue Öyster Cult, full of the same charmingly overheated metaphors:
Turns out the rest of America isn't full of bakeries and pizzerias.
Instead, it assumes that the full impact of fine particles on premature mortality can be captured using a concentration-response function relating daily mortality to short-term fine particle levels.
In in vitro studies, carbenoxolone abolished the generation of full or partial ectopic spike generation, by 4-AP, in the CA 3 region of rat hippocampal slices [ 6 ] . Also carbenoxolone depresses spontaneous epileptiform activity in the CA 1 region of rat hippocampal slices [ 7 ] . Carbenoxolone appears to cross the blood brain barrier about one hour after an intraperitoneal injection in rats as there was the inhibition of 11-β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase in multiple brain regions [ 1 ] . It and/or its congener glycyrrehetinic acid may also enter the eyes of humans.
This work was soon followed by full life-cycle tests using other toxicants and fish species.
Suppose that our economy initially employs 120 million workers, which corresponds more or less to full employment.
The inflated subgerminal cavity extends the full length of the embryonic axis.
With MCI's data communications strength and Sprint's wireless network, the new company will offer the full range of communications services.
The urgent thrust of this year's Lawyers' Campaign for Equal Justice, now at full flood, is to have more private lawyers throw lifelines to the poor, elderly, disabled, unemployed and disadvantaged drowning in the legal surf.
Determine how restrictions to full and opencompetition in the specifications (e.g.
And so "Lola takes off, trucking along with a muscular R. Crumb look and distinctive flaming-cranberry hair," and from that point on, the film is full if "smashing bravado" and "sheer cleverness" (Maslin, the New York Times ). The film crackles with little tricks--at times Lola morphs into an animated figure, and her trip starts over three times, each version ending differently.
A comprehensive analysis of the full extent and nature of the unmet need for essential civil legal aid for economically disadvantaged people in New Jersey (scheduled to be completed this year);
There is a full range of Cretan handicrafts and traditional foodstuffs to choose from, making Kritsá a good place to do your souvenir shopping.
The facing page shows a picture of a brick wall scratched full of chalk marks tallying enemy deaths in the Gulf War.
In return for this flexibility, sources were to provide a full accounting of their emissions through continuous monitoring and reporting, and there would be consequences for failing to comply.
On Sept. 24, Kevin Prigel--a 20-year-old who turned down Harvard for a full scholarship at Texas Christian University--broke the news that America Online was looking to buy part of Excite at Home in a deal with AT&T.
Chicago's revenues also suffer from the way undergraduates are taught at Chicago--in small, participatory seminars led by full faculty members.
We believe shared data-exchange formats and ontologies will be vitally important to curate, collate, and structure this huge amount of data in a way that allows researchers to exploit the information to its full potential.
Oil money and federal largess--funds available either in full or at the most favorable matching rates for roads, military bases, parks, refuges, the Coast Guard, native affairs, and the full gamut of social-welfare benefits--allows the state to eschew both an income tax and a sales tax.
Comparison of the efficacies of the set of agonists in this study to that of the endogenous ligand, met-enkephalin, showed that all were full agonists.
Thorne also argued successfully before the state Supreme Court that Head Start and similar preschool programs should receive full state funding.
The following information is collected on all living full siblings who return sibling response letters: name, date of birth, gender, name of the proband they are related to, twin status, home address, home phone number, e-mail address, alternative contact information, and standardized risk factor and medical history.
It bends, tilts, swells, enlarges, and shrinks in each new appearance, like a vacuum chamber full of snakes.
These sequences carry a post-Vietnam aura of futility, and the scenes between the skirmishes are similarly modern, full of rambling talk and post- Godot waiting around.
We have posted a full week's worth of material today (post date July 23) and will resume our full publishing schedule a week from Monday (Aug.
These matinees are coordinated with teachers and unite a play with studies of classroom lessons in history, social studies, cultural diversity and literature for a full educational experience.
Take a second elevator to the Space Deck, to get the full sweep of Lake Ontario’s so-called “Golden Horseshoe.”
At 10:15, the incident commander ordered a full evacuation of the command post because of the warning of an approaching hijacked aircraft passed along by the FBI.
Sharm El Sheikh and Hurghada are the largest resorts, well-equipped with hotels and eateries, with a full range of facilities such as windsurfing, water-skiing, and water rides: Dahab and Nuweiba on the west coast of the Sinai are smaller, with a hardened diving or windsurfing crowd — great for a low key vacation.
The Supreme Court has held that this "full faith and credit" provision covers divorce--otherwise, you might have to get re-divorced from your former spouse if you moved to a new state.
Finally, it is utilitarian: If you are the sort of person who must have a Kate Spade diaper bag knowing full well that a Kate Spade diaper bag is a waste of $250, I can't help you.
And while DaimlerChrysler will be able to offer cars to the full spectrum of buyers, the current lack of overlap also means there aren't any easy cost savings to be found by eliminating duplication.
Among the treasures are Lluís Dalmau’s Virgin of the Councillors, with its portraits, full of character, of the politicos who commissioned the work for the City Hall chapel in 1445; Jaume Ferrer II’s stylishly hatted St. Jerome; and a very fine retable of St. John the Baptist with saints Sebastian and Nicholas.
We used the full model framework (equations 4) to identify the most parsimonious model of the dynamics at each trophic level.
One is the use of air conditioning simulation and the second is for the use of full environmental cells for air conditioning testing.
The use of short-term toxicity tests in the NPDES Program is especially attractive because they provide a more direct estimate of the safe concentrations of effluents in receiving waters than was provided by acute toxicity tests, at an only slightly increased level of effort, compared to the fish full life-cycle chronic and 28-day ELS tests and the 28-day mysid life-cycle test.
Ronald Rose writes a weekly column about language in The Canberra Times , and this book is a collection of those essays, fleshed out in full in those instances where they might have been cut by the newspaper for economy of space.
To do this, he thinks, will require not only banning soft money and providing free TV air time to candidates, but also full public financing of congressional elections and a constitutional amendment to overturn Buckley vs.
Six months prior to that we began working with Mayor Streeter's office to negotiate a new agreement that would provide the funds we need to continue full service to the community without suffering the ongoing operating deficits we have endured for over 21 years.
The evidence satisfied me that neither the full moon nor the inauspicious date threatened my night.
Another possibility would be to say, "the full spectrum of alcohol misuse."
In the same way, manual typewriters depend on the full force of the fingers to create words, rather than on electric (or electronic) assistance.
In Australia, where the subject is particularly sensitive because of the doubtful means by which Sydney won the right to host the 2000 Olympic Games, the Sydney Morning Herald and the Age of Melbourne both used editorials to call for full exposure of the truth.
The full length virus and replicon cDNA plasmids isolated from STBL 2 cells were linearized with Sac I, purified by Qiagen chromatography, and eluted by RNAase-free water in preparation for transcription.
The localization of full length BTBD2 to cytoplasmic bodies was surprising because the cytoplasm is separated from the nucleus where endogenous TOP1 resides and transfected GFP-TOP1 localizes [ 26 27 28 29 30 ] . Because TOP1 and BTBD2 are not predominantly found in the same compartments, they may interact transiently, or they may interact only under specific conditions when they may be in the same compartment.
See Supplementary Material for full details.
Our extraordinary permanent collection, facility, and grounds, we understand full well, would not be possible without the philanthropic support of civic-minded men and women.
Vicki Goldberg, in her book The Power of Photography , describes the full, filmed sequence:
In placental membranes, occasionally found multilayered amniotic epithelium showed no or fine granular cytoplasmic staining of epithelial cells adjacent to the basement membrane (full arrowhead, Fig.
The savings come from the opportunity to make cost-effective plant investment and retirement decisions with full knowledge of upcoming SO2, NOx and mercury requirements, rather than investing in "add-on" control equipment to meet the requirements of each regulation.
Legislation circulated by the high court's lobbyist specifies that the hike would apply to attorneys "paying full annual registration fees."
The full report, including GAO's objectives, scope, methodology, and analysis is available at www.gao.gov/cgi-bin/getrpt?GAO-02-966.
See additional data files for a full list of tag counts in each of the SAGE library comparisons discussed here.
And even though the film is full of laughs, the jokes hover on the edge of the abyss: This is a world in which lurid colors and extravagant gestures are means of filling the void.
It remains unclear whether an additional censure measure will be put before the full House.
This uniform prior gives the microarray data itself the greatest impact on the inferred means and variances, and implies that credible intervals constructed are close to those that would be found by maximum likelihood if analytical integration of the full multidimensional parameter surface were feasible.
The other elements were identified in scans of the MRD and their full sequences have since been submitted to GenBank (for accession numbers, see Table 1).
"Are the ActiveX data objects of a frequency-division multiplexing DDR SDRAM with full duplex VRML granularity hashing and an MVS IA-64 chip concerned with narrow-band, random-access Winsock functionality?"
It is obvious that the full potential of genomic technologies will only be realized if they can be applied to minute amounts of biological material.
Because of the high cost of full life-cycle fish toxicity tests and the emerging consensus that the ELS test data usually would be adequate for estimating chronically safe concentrations, there was a rapid shift by aquatic toxicologists to 30- to 90-day ELS toxicity tests for estimating chronically safe concentrations in the late 1970s.
The actor died Sept. 22 after a long career packed full of awards, many of which he refused to accept.
There is still more action if you head west to Es Jonquet, once the fishermen’s quarter, now full of bars, cafés, and clubs clustering under the old windmills which used to grind the city’s flour.
The Palestinians demand: all the West Bank, Jerusalem as their capital, the right of 1948 and 1967 refugees to return, full statehood, and Israeli withdrawal from settlements.
Reality and Dreams has a typical Spark plot, artificial and suspenseful as a mystery thriller, full of clues and malice, yet elusively allegorical.
McKim (1977) evaluated the data from 56 full life-cycle tests, 32 of which used the fathead minnow, Pimephales promelas, and concluded that the embryo-larval and early juvenile life-stages were the most sensitive stages.
Polyps (multiple) are generally localized to the small intestine in Min /+ mice, opposed to the colons of FAP suffers [ 27 ] . In Min /+ mice adenoma formation is thought to occur within the first few weeks of life, with a full compliment of adenomas being attained by approximately 9 weeks of age (60-67 days of age) [ 6 28 ] . Following this time, adenoma multiplicity is thought not to change, however, adenoma size may still increase [ 6 28 ] . Min /+ mice are also normally found to develop anaemia by 60 days of age and possess a shortened life span of roughly 120 days (17 weeks) [ 29 ] .
Faculty Salaries and Research Support: Our law school ranks last in median base salaries for full professors when compared with salaries paid to full professors at the eight other "Big Ten" law schools.
Critics are surprisingly positive about the singer/songwriter/best-selling poet/soon-to-be film actress' second album after the 8 million copy selling Pieces of You . Musically she has matured, and her trademark folksy-bluesy-pop songs are dubbed "sweet, soulful" (Veronica Chambers, Newsweek ). The lyrics, however are said to be full of hokey self-helpisms, and the album "overflows with advice intended to be inspirational" (Jon Pareles, the New York Times ). (Buy the album online.)
Designed in 1911 by Alfredo Wiechers for the Villaronga-Mercado family, it is full of elegant Art-Deco features.
May 1999 is also the deadline for negotiations over full Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip and West Bank, as well as for what is ambiguously called the "final status" of security and border arrangements.
From the last week of June to the end of the first week in August the cultural calendar is full of everything from American blues to Brazilian samba and avant-garde Belgian dance (for a schedule of events and ticket information: Tel. 93/301 77 75; <www .grecbcn.com>).
Trend data reported on stewardship investment elements should reflect the full cost11 of the investment for the year being reported upon and the preceding 4 years.
But none of that prevented Ann from rejecting a New York hotel because it was "a dirty place full of Jews" (as Clare later put it), or from explaining to Clare that she could never marry Jacobs because "I don't want my children to have a Jewish father."
First, a small fraction (less than 20% expected for full reversion) of cop1-like E82 plants and L91 plants appeared in the F4 generation (not reflected in Fig.
Hence, the full distribution of the number of clusters estimated by each method is presented in Table 3. Note that only the methods Clest, gap, gapPC and hart have the capability to identify one cluster in the data.
(Smoking just five or more joints a day produces the same lung diseases as smoking a full pack of 20 cigarettes a day.)
Simes gives a full account of these glossaries, and then turns to the development of dictionaries of underworld slang from the 17th century to the present.
Republicans said the bill had lost sight of its original goal--reducing teen smoking--and become a tax-and-spend monstrosity full of extraneous special-interest tax breaks and off-budget spending.
This contrasts, the paper explains, with previous Clinton administration reactions to the original story according to which any such use of intelligence equipment or agents was done with the full witting cooperation of the inspectors and produced information related to their inspection mission.
These data show that microSAGE data are highly reproducible when identical starting material is used to generate libraries (see Table 2for a full list of libraries and comparisons).
According to the Lawyers Trust Fund, which distributes the interest income, there are about 250 Illinois lawyers working full time in the state's 20 programs receiving LTF funds.
An attorney general who exerted more control over the department and the bureau, who was a better head-knocker, and who had the full support of the White House might have dragged the truth out of the FBI years ago, as Reno did not and could not.
This class of clones represents approximately 9% of all finished clones, consistent with our original estimates that 80-94% of the DGC clones would contain the full ORF [ 1, 2].
Annual investment" is the full cost of the investment.
The NYT reports on the Air Force's official analysis of that plane crash last year in which a young bomber pilot broke formation and disappeared with a plane full of bombs and was later discovered to have crashed into a Colorado mountain.
5 billion per year at full implementation.
Annual investment" is the full cost of the investment.
Jean Shope advocated that the definition of "the full spectrum of alcohol problems" include primary prevention.
It was carried out by a tiny group of people, not enough to man a full platoon.
However, for our study we propose to follow the recommendations as recently outlined by Sham et al [ 20 ] . They state that a two-stage design, in which markers showing positive association in a pooling study are followed up by confirmatory individual genotyping, might represent the best trade-off between the cost savings of pooling and the full information provided by individual genotyping.
Liquidity preference, though important in Keynes, is not a full theory of the interest rate.
It’s full of atmosphere and there is a selection of tavernas where you can enjoy a meal while watching the show.
When Franjo Tudjman dies, as he is expected to any day, his Croatian followers will surely write him an epitaph full of the grandiosity Tudjman adored so much in life.
With that in mind, he suggested listing the full spectrum of alcohol problems, from risky drinking to alcohol abuse to alcohol dependency.
The folklore the Grimm Brothers unearthed was full of beheadings and torture; the stories were both amusements and cautionary tales.
Sea Sports at the Nassau Marriott Resort on Cable Beach has a full compliment of water-sport equipment for rent (Tel.
Why could he not have been born a Kemp, blessed by luck and genes with the smiling disposition of a boy who is shown a stable full of ordure and instantly concludes that there must be a pony in there somewhere?
And can this be explained without resorting to the phrase "dumbing down" or alluding to the questions on that Who Wants a Big Bucket of Money quiz show being multiple choice about the Brady Bunch , not like in the old days, when quiz show questions were so hard that you had to cheat to win, and presidential candidates all spoke in full sentences, in iambic pentameter, in Latin, while wearing complicated wigs and fancy hats and several layers of underwear with fastenings so elaborate you had to be like a genius just to undress for one of your Naked Fireside Chats from the Aero White House, a giant dirigible moored to Zelda Fitzgerald.
If any link between psychology and the full moon exists, it seems to be protective.
We need to amend the Constitution and provide full public financing, he writes, because "anything less means that democracy can still be corrupted."
The orbiting full moon, perhaps.
The Legal Services Act was adopted to provide full and effective legal representation to low income persons.
A detailed discussion of the Commission's consideration of these comments is considered in the full text of the Report and Order.
A high level of uPAR at the invasive edge of the tumour concentrates uPA where neoangiogenesis occurs [ 12 ] , generating the full activation of the MMP cascade [ 13 ] . Furthermore, various cellular migrations proceed upon the transient attachment of the uPAR to matrix components (e.g.
That self-poisonings decrease at the full moon actually correlates with the results of other studies.
Most will serve snacks during the day, and you may even be able to order a full lunch or evening meal for a bargain price.
It was ranked as mild (minor loss of iris complexity), moderate (notable lack of iris complexity and focal thinning of iris), or severe (iris lacking complex morphology and is thin, frequently with focal full thickness holes).
The Commission indicates that it gave full consideration to the comments filed by all interested parties and, in certain instances, decided to adjust the Schedule of Regulatory Fees because of these comments.
Pakistan will need full US support as it proceeds with us," the embassy noted."
Union leaders vowed to kill any privatization scheme; politicians signaled they're not ready for full privatization but are willing to experiment with stocks as long as the government picks the stocks.
He said he enlisted help before the speech from labor unions, the VFW, William Casey, and even H. Ross Perot, who said he'd bring a locomotive full of mail into Union Station.
A major objective of acquisition planning is to promote and provide for full and open competition.
Optimal antibody concentrations were determined by titration on select samples before analysis of the full experimental set.
Conventional microeconomic analysis depends on the presumed ability of governments to maintain more or less full employment.
Transfection of a full length, constitutively expressed IDO cDNA into MC57 cells in the pcDNA3 expression vector, resulted in MC57 cells developing a more rounded phenotype.
The revelries are to continue for two full years, with a traveling lecture series featuring such speakers as William Bennett, who will orate in Oklahoma City about "Truth," and Clarence Thomas, who will address the people of Palm Beach on the subject of "Character."
Transfections with constructs containing successive deletions of the 3 kb fragment show that removal of DNA regions upstream of a StuI site (at -215, relative to the CD5 protein initiation methionine codon) does not significantly decrease luciferase expression from the level obtained with the full length fragment.
By 2007 reduce NOx emissions 75 percent below 1997 levels, reduce SO2 emissions to 75 percent below full implementation of the Phase II requirements under title IV, reduce mercury emissions 90 percent below 1999 levels, and reduce CO2 emissions to 1990 levels.
The consumer-centric "long boom" of the 1990s seems utterly distant from the dry post-industrial world Bell describes, full of references to Weber, Rousseau, Locke, and Lenin.
In the apse beyond, the Baroque master gives full vent to his exuberance with his bronze and marble Cathedra of St. Peter, throne of the Apostle’s successors.
The movie is full of details like that: Its attention to rituals that other films don't have time for gives it surprising power.
Immediately north of Edinburgh’s New Town is Inverleith, an area full of green sites.
When it skids into a building and overturns it doesn't explode: Its tanks are full of milk for the starving people.
Milosevic can claim vindication, because NATO dropped its Rambouillet demands for full access to Serbia and for an independence referendum in Kosovo.
Decisions are made based on minimizing the net present value of capital and operating costs over the full planning horizon.
However, in HCFA's view, its publication of the full text of the analysis with the proposed rule satisfied the
He makes the usual comments about how wonderful books are, and how an ideal home would have walls full of books, and then I got to this: "Every real book (as opposed to dictionaries, almanacs, and other compilations) is a mind, an imagination, a consciousness."
Sportswriting legend Shirley Povich of the WP died late last week at age 92 (he was still writing for the paper; his last column appeared the next day) and the papers have been full of his greatness.
If you're in the market, Haruki Murakami's The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle will teach you how to 1) kill with a bayonet (thrust deep under ribs, drag in slow, deep circle to scramble organs); 2) skin a man alive (slit skin at shoulder, peel slowly down right arm); and 3) eliminate a zoo full of carnivores (four snipers per tiger best).
The most prominent nuclear staining was found in trophoblast cells merging with the syncytium (full arrowheads vs. white).
Farming implements like plow and hayrake have kept their old horse-drawn names, and so have most utility vehicles, like fire engine, Black Maria, paddy wagon, ambulance , and delivery van --the last clipped from caravan living wagon, which survives in full in England to mean a camping trailer.
The enzyme tightly binds two Zn(II) ions per subunit and requires both Zn(II) ions for full catalytic activity.
If all your motives are selfish, you'll probably first make some discreet inquiries to determine whether the president is prepared to outbid the prosecutor--say with the promise of a full pardon.
The Cemetery Gate, "a peaceful, serene place where people come to remember their loved ones," hopes that "when you leave this place, you will be refreshed, have a new vigor and be resolute in your desire to live your life with full measure."
Not a boxer's jab--coming at you from close range, with its full effect felt at once--but a dismount from a high bar.
Historically, DOD's approach has been to develop new weapon systems that often attempt to satisfy the full requirement in a single step, regardless of the design challenge or the maturity of technologies necessary to achieve the full capability.
It is estimated that a storage silo that is sized for 15 days of AC storage at full load for a 500 MWe plant firing bituminous coal and with only an ESP would be about 10.
These services include coaching, training facilities, housing, medical treatment, and other support which is necessary for our athletes to reach their full potential.
The next morning he woke up in a bathtub full of ice with a crude surgical scar in his side.
Chief among them: moon phases (stealth aircraft are easier to eyeball under a full moon), Parents' Weekend at Stanford (President Clinton and Hillary are scheduled to go, and that's not the best place to conduct a war from), and the Olympics (there's an international convention that nations refrain from war during the Games).
The USDOL had documented repeated and long-standing violations of the H-2A statute and regulations, but failed to take action either to correct the violations or to ensure that full restitution was made to the workers.
Osr27/Rire9 [ 26] is the third largest family in the rice genome, with an estimated copy number of 900 elements, mostly full length.
The Times quotes a White House official who says, "Impeachment by the full House is starting to look inevitable."
That would be a full year before the election, which ought to be enough time for citizens to read 10-to-20 books on current issues, study the candidates' platforms, listen to half a dozen debates, and make the kind of thoughtful decision our Founding Fathers intended.
If full human life begins at conception, then full human rights do too, including the right to equal protection of the laws.
For weeks, with increasing explicitness, Gore has accused Bradley of "walking away from the fight" by voting for Reagan's 1981 budget, opposing farm subsidies, and retiring from Congress after Republicans took full control in 1995.
NHLA, without LSC funding, continues to provide a full range of legal services from regional offices across the state, while the Pro Bono Referral System continues to serve low- income people throughout the state through its network of volunteer private attorneys.
The extremely stable genome content of modern Buchnera is also indicated by comparison of the full genome sequences of Buchnera of A. pisum and Buchnera of Schizaphis graminum (I.
The full exhibition opens in September 2001.
Conserved residues deduced from a full multiple alignment (available from the author on request) are indicated, as are the gap positions present in the full alignment.
Morris's book is full of this kind of snobbery.
The advantageous properties of full (bi-directional) USM become apparent when Fig.
This non-LSC funded entity is available to clients throughout the state and currently consists of six full and part-time staff attorneys.
People like me, in writing about kin selection, often talk about full siblings sharing "half their genes," implying that nonrelatives share none.
This year as always, Paris fashion has meant fabulous-looking girls slinking along in foot-high hair or plastered-flat hair with grim or giddy hats and stark painted faces, sporting fitted tops, transparent tops, cutout tops, tight skirts slit to here, full skirts trailing to there, floppy pants or skinny pants, trimmings that glitter or flutter, colors that dazzle or puzzle, curled feathers and dyed fur, boiled wool and frosted leather, crushed velvet, shot silk, frayed hemp, and distressed plastic.
Now that consumers know that there is a fluid aftermarket for video games, they are more likely to go into a store and buy one of these games for full price on the day it comes out.
The story flatly asserts the involvement of U.S. and Israeli intelligence agents and the government of Kenya, and strongly suggests advance knowledge if not the full cooperation of the government of Greece.
Clinton, both hands full, turns abruptly to Monica.
Historically, DOD's approach has been to develop new weapon systems that often attempt to satisfy the full requirement in a single step, regardless of the design challenge or the maturity of technologies necessary to achieve the full capability.
Sure, he's for campaign-finance reform--but not for full public financing of all federal elections.
The Bairro Alto (Upper City) is a hilly area full of evocative houses decorated with wrought-iron balconies usually occupied by birdcages and flowerpots.
The agencies agreed to follow up by requesting our views on full implementation when the signatures at the pilot locations were implemented.
Nearby is the immense brick and white-marble Gothic Church of the Frari (full name Santa Maria Gloriosa dei Frari, built by the Franciscans), above all celebrated for the high altar adorned with Titian’s jubilant Assumption of the Virgin.
One way that a good case study counters this criticism is by the inclusion of a technical appendix that gives the full comments of the informants who reviewed the draft.
Nigeria's president has promised a full transition to democratic government after years of military dictatorship.
Wayne received full military cooperation on his terms and was billed $18,623.
Input: Original Pfam full alignment A .
Scenes in the hero's middle-class milieu skirt the sentimental: One friend (Gina McKee) is confined to a wheelchair to remind us that life is full of unhappy, as well as happy, accidents.
Determine if the requirements are presented infunctional or performance terms in consideration of full and open competition.
This chimeric approach can also be extended to other adaptor proteins that require upstream signals for tyrosine phosphorylation, creating tyrosine phosphorylated decoys or targeting tyrosine phosphorylated substrate domains or full length adaptor proteins in transgenic cellular and animal systems.
When each cassette is full, a robotic arm removes it, stores it in a carousel, and replaces it with a blank one.
Now, as the movement toward managed care has accelerated to a full gallop--and health-care costs, once thought unreinable, have slowed to a walk--managed care has become the bugbear of liberal critics.
It has been shown that expression of p27 Kip1is controlled at the translational level [ 3 26 29 ] and that the p27 Kip15'- UTR is able to mediate enhanced translation rates [ 31 ] . In addition, it was recently reported that the p27 Kip15'- UTR has an internal ribosome entry site that allows cap-independent initiation of translation [ 30 ] . However, none of these reports have utilized the full 5'- UTR that results from transcription initiation at the major start site.
She was a big-haired brunette with a fleshy face, full lips, and large teeth.
Critics heap praise on Cuban-born Valdés' second novel: The "rambunctious new novel is an appetizingly rich stew, full of the varied flavors of Latin culture … sumptuous …exuberantly translated" (Anderson Tepper, the New York Times Book Review ). Spanning 50 years in the life of a country girl who moves to Havana, the book is "a messy, passionate indictment of Fidel Castro's Cuba, packed with grotesque caricatures, implausible crises and generous dollops of magic realism" (Gabriella Stern, the Wall Street Journal ). (Read the first chapter here, courtesy of the New York Times .)
Work practices included throwing 0.6 liters (20 oz) paper containers full of contaminated n-methyl pyrrolidone into an open garbage container.
Click for her full answer.
But each of those 15 companies will offer a full range of financial instruments, car models, and computer chips.
It is also full of oppressed minorities struggling to be free.
Yet the agonist is fully capable of activating the full signaling pathway.
These genes are also redundant and phylogenetically incongruent, in contrast to coexisting homolog genes that are part of a full phylogenetically congruent set.
Whether you attended classes full time, were an adult returning student, or worked full time in a career while taking classes, I believe you know first hand how important it was that Liberal Arts was open and available to you--and you also know how important it still is.
I don't know whom I adored more: Billy Bob Thornton as a greasy hick with a whiff of Tales From the Crypt -style demonism; Nick Nolte, as a skeletal, gravel-voiced albino who could be John Huston after a decade of being eaten by worms; or Jon Voight, as a blind half-Indian whose portentous utterances are both full of crap and eerily abstruse.
Standard print film is available in many shops in the major towns, but serious shutterbugs will want to seek out one of the following photography stores for a full range of specialist film and equipment: Abbey Photographic, 25, Stramongate, Kendal LA9 4BH; Tel. (01539) 720-085, or The Photo Shop, North Road, Ambleside, Cumbria LA22 9 DT; Tel. (015394) 34375.
In fact, a Portnoy of the present, a kid with his nose pressed up against the window (to borrow the self-description of another ghetto-bred Jewish writer, Theodore H. White) would surely regard these stick-wielding, puck-handling lads as representing full, totally secure membership in the comfortable classes of American society.
The waters offshore are full of sea-life and wonderfully clear.
Indeed, to our knowledge, only one randomized controlled trial comparing desferrioxamine and deferiprone has been conducted and results for that study are incomplete as the trial was terminated prematurely and has not been reported in full [ 9 10 11 ] .
and R. H. K. to screen and clone the full length clone of SNIP1.
Southern India remained independent, but Ashoka had his hands full with a large empire that now extended as far north as Kashmir and east to Bengal.
Fursenko and Naftali's book is full of this type of gripping new detail, including the book's biggest, scariest revelation.
Soon, the Web will transmit what Cochrane calls "full expertise."
Many Little Sisters are preparing to go back to school this fall full of hope and with a positive outlook.
The larger problem is that the Internet is simply not going to make us nicer people--nor are we going to become nicer just because we want to see the Internet reach its full potential.
St. George’s Harbour and Penno’s Wharf were working at full capacity to unload cargoes that were then transferred onto blockade-runners.
The full natural beauty of the Laurentians is best appreciated in Mont-Tremblant Provincial Park.
Walker's works are a sort of lewd fantasia about the Old South, full of sex, cannibalism, chivalry, folklore, and humor.
The surprisingly delightful Fall Fashion Supplement is full of blithe self-parody and reader games.
The old city’s narrow, atmospheric streets are full of pleasant surprises, best seen on foot.
(By interesting contrast, a full 70 percent of Dole's increased revenues came from business, primarily in the form of closing loopholes and ending special favors included in the 1981 tax-cut bill.
Stiffed is blessedly free of jargon, and full of telling detail.
Program staff and stakeholders are engaged in a full range of client services, address a full-range of legal problems, and have assumed the responsibility to create greater access and capacity to solve them.
(War, curiously, is full of meteorological metaphors: a "hail" of bullets, the "fog" of battle.)
evoke images of little, high-rise dollhouses full of paranoid writers who rarely disagree about art and never disagree about politics.
The name of a musical group formed in 1973 in East Los Angeles, with the full name of Los Lobos del Este de Los Angeles.
Monica Lewinsky took such obvious delight in regaling us with details of her encounters with her sexual soulmate--her wide eyes crinkling happily, her full mouth struggling vainly against a triumphant grin at the impressive number of times he called--you felt you'd wandered into Lord of the Flies, the female version . What adultless colony did this girl come from?
I take full responsibility, I regret it, and--if Simon & Schuster only published an errata column--I would happily correct it publicly.
"It's inexplicable to me how somebody's heart could be so full of hate that he would walk into a place of worship where youngsters were seeking God's grace and love and kill people," Bush told the media.
Not so much because of the end of the Cold War (which Schell was not alone in failing to predict), but because even Jonathan Schell, it turns out, cannot panic full time about nuclear war.
We present a light and electron microscopic (EM) evaluation of iridocorneal angle development in staged embryos and through eight postnatal weeks, when the angle structures have reached full maturity.
Even with these successes, state planners believe consolidation of the LSC programs will produce a more unified and stronger voice for clients and assure greater consistency and a full range of services throughout the state.
RASMC lysates were subjected to partial heparitinase treatment (full digestion was not performed in order to allow some GAGs to remain associated with the core proteins) then applied to either III1-C or III 11-C Sepharose.
Moreover, cDNA sequences designated as full length may actually be truncated; approximately 1,000 of the 9,000 full-insert sequences from the BDGP are probably not full-length [ 29, 30].
Muslim countries can become full participants in the rules-based global trading system, as the United States considers lowering its trade barriers with the poorest Arab nations.
Fritz Hollings cannot hold his seat--if a powerful, intelligent, pork-barreling, 32 year incumbent, supported by the full force and bankroll of the national Democratic Party and opposed by a little-known challenger, cannot win--then the Democratic Party might as well fold and flee North.
Now she is settling with the university and will be reinstated to her full professorship, receive back pay of $100,000, benefits, and a cash payment.
The time of year when we remember the poor and needy by spending wallets full of money and gorging ourselves on turkey, sage and onion stuffing, and Christmas pudding.
If so, one would think that after six months of Dole non-reticence on the hustings, including a pit stop for the press at the Battle Creek, Mich., Army hospital where he recuperated from the Wound, and a full nine months after the release of a campaign video, An American Hero , in which Dole himself describes the Wounding in graphic detail ("Some high-explosive bullet entered my right shoulder, fractured my vertebrae in my neck.
In 1990, EPA projected the cost of full implementation of the SO2 emissions reduction with trading at $5.
To determine whether either the CD5X or the CD5Y region can affect the full level of transcription controlled by the 43 bp CD5 regulatory promoter, we generated the mutations described above in the CD5X and CD5Y regions in the StuI B reporter construct.
But this explanation, first advanced and documented by the Australian National Dictionary , has yet to win full acceptance, there still being those who prefer the unsubstantiated acronym POME Prisoner Of Mother England or the French pomme de terre as a source.
The results obtained from this study will serve to define the relative efficacies and potencies of a set of opioid ligands compared to one another and differentiate between the full and partial agonists at δ opioid receptors.
Osr2 and Osr12 are low-copy families and are represented in the GBRD by two and three copies respectively, all of which are full length (although one copy of Osr12 contains a large internal deletion), suggesting that these elements may have recently invaded the rice genome.
Since the Times item, which appeared a full week ago (and which Chatterbox happened to spot while he was vacationing in Vermont), nothing further appears to have been written or uttered on TV about this.
As part of its mission within the state's civil justice community, Columbia Legal Services is responsible for providing lowincome people in Washington State with the ability to define, assert, promote and enforce a full range of legal rights within Washington's civil justice system.
The full form of the expression is no longer in use.”
It was also suggested that the financial reporting model have different layers of reporting, while still having full disclosure, coupled with different levels of assurances depending on users' needs.
Put another way, based on the evidence the Postal Service put on the record during rebuttal hearings as recently as this past August 30th, in the absence of the occurrence of unforeseen events costing more than---the portion of the full $1 billion contingency earned when new rates are implemented in January, $600 million, the Service should do quite well with what we recommend.
Each of the subcommittees reported to the full committee.
9 We assume that current-law benefits are paid in full (i.e.
The Athens Festival runs from May to September with a full program of cultural events ranging from choral concerts to dance to recitals with performances aimed at visitors as well as Athenians.
He also told them, "I've led a very full life, a good life, and I don't want to ruin it by prolonging it any further.
Further to the south and slightly inland is the town of Santiago do Cacém, hemmed in by low-lying hills on three sides and crowned by a hilltop castle, which holds a macabre cemetery full of disinterred bones.
Templer stepped up self-government, increased Chinese access to full citizenship and admitted them for the first time to the Malayan Civil Service.
He puts their characters' backs against the wall, then gives them speeches full of free associations and Freudian slips, so that they're suddenly exposed--and terrified by their nakedness.
The deputy fire safety director has told us that he began instructing a full evacuation within about ten minutes of the explosion.
The entries on mayfly ¹, mayfly ², and mayfly ³, the first being any “up-winged insect,” the second the “true mayfly,” and the third, the “stonefly,” cover four full pages; more than six are devoted to sea trout ; more than ten to nymph fishing . Mirror and window goes into a fish's view of the world.
In politics, what could be worse than having your cold, dead ass dug up from Arlington Cemetery when it's discovered that your tombstone there is full of lies?
Of the 211 groups identified in our full dataset and the 176 groups from the 'homologs-removed' dataset, 43 and 11 GO terms, respectively, have associations to groups that meet the above criteria.
Now that hypeness has broadened into a full spectrum from underhyped to overhyped , the concept may be ready for scientific quantification.
1) The imperative that each state must have a vision that encompasses a full range of services;
the Department of Defense could begin full production.
One is to have answered the question honestly and hope the voters reward him on the hoary American principle that ya gotta love a guy who admits he's full of crap.
Liberals used to call for cutbacks in defense spending, higher welfare benefits, and a federal full employment program.
In contrast with the existing Section 411, which imposes a full financial penalty starting immediately after the deadline for holding allowances covering emissions, Section 406 imposes a financial penalty that is graduated, with the penalty increasing the longer the period before the excess emissions are offset and the financial penalty is paid.
The cover shows Johnson, a bland-looking man in full business attire, on the porch of an all-American home that looks a tad too small to be his.
"While we mourn her passing, we celebrate a full and wonderful life."
Those interested in the magic of onomasiology might note the following full names with the initial letter J and the terminal letter y seemed destined for fame and infamy:
Renealmia alpinia plant contains diterpenes and proanthocyanins [ 65 121 ] . Decoctions or external baths of Renealmia alpinia rhizome are used by traditional healers for snakebites in the northwest region of Colombia and in Amazonian Ecuador [ 28 139 ] . An ethanolic extract of Renealmia alpinia rhizomes demonstrated moderate to full neutralising capacity of Bothrops atrox venom within 48 hours when it was i.p.
But a small item in the WP 's TV column makes you wonder even about that: It seems that UPN has ordered up a full season of episodes for the virtually all-black "Moesha," which as of last Sunday, the paper reports, ranked 124th among the 139 series on the air.
Also, under full automation, fast pay could be eliminated in most situations.
The analysis assumes that current-law benefits are paid in full beyond 2038 through borrowing from the Treasury.
7C), dense cytoplasmic staining was found in parabasal (immature) cells (full arrowhead), followed by perinuclear (yellow arrowhead) and cell surface LHR immunoreactivity (green arrowhead).
The Nigerian government has promised a full and prompt autopsy.
You’ll need a full day to do it justice.
Modeling shows that when full implementation of existing regulations such as the acid rain program, the NOx SIP Call, the Tier II standards for cars and trucks, the heavy duty diesel engine standards, and the low sulfur gasoline and diesel fuel rules are taken into account, additional reductions will be needed to bring areas into attainment.
Lately a great deal has been made of Rauschenberg's discretion regarding his sex life, with critics zeroing in on Bed (1955), a combine that includes a paint- and pencil-enhanced pillow, quilt, and sheet; as well as Canyon (1959), which features, among other things, a mirror, a pillow in a noose, and a stuffed bald eagle in full wingspread.
Women who did not wish to participate in the full interview were asked to complete a brief telephone interview that included a subset of the full interview questions.
Except for the NYT , the papers pass up the usual trading floor desperation pix in favor of shots of full contact banking on Russian streets.
Microcosms used for CD and CS treatments were 5.0 liter polyethylene containers, with full width of 17 cm and a total depth of 20.
A galaxy full of these folks is no stranger than a Kiwanis club meeting: We have met the aliens, and they are us!
We cloned the full length BTBD1 cDNA from a HeLa cell library.
These programs were not based on predecessor products or evolutionary in nature, and each product's full capability was expected in one step, with the first product off the production line.
He serves up in full the swiftly rotting texture of , , the way every observer is drawn into the general inanity and loses face in the act of . (Click on the underlined phrases for samples of Indiana's vicious analysis.)
If the plan calls for other than full and open competition, verify that restrictions on competition, such as make and model restrictions or sole source requirements, have been justified and approved by the designated authority.
Thus, despite the inclination to add complexity to these microbial environments so as to better simulate "the real world," it remains evident that we as evolutionary geneticists still have our hands full.
I love that the drive for tourist-free fun is coming full circle, pushing hipsters back on the beaten path.
While federal CIOs often may not have operational authority for the full range of responsibilities in the legislation, they and their agencies are still subject to oversight by the Congress in many of these areas.
A little farther along, on the right, the Albert Lowe Museum, in an 18th-century house, is brim full of artifacts and knickknacks, maps, and newspaper articles that tell the story of New Plymouth.
Speaking to an auditorium full of military and civilian Defense employees, and from a platform he shared with his Secretary of Defense and his Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, Clinton justified possible airstrikes with an implicit reference to the failures of appeasement in the period just before World War II.
This region is not necessary for basal CD5 transcription but it affects the overall level of CD5 transcription obtained with the full length 3 Kb promoter.
or even my girlfriend says, "Hey, Shuman, why is Microsoft software so bloated, so full of junk, sucking up megs of space on my hard drive, hogging memory, and taking forever to load!
With the Matters Reporting System in place, an important tool has been created for use by legal services leaders at the national, state and local levels in describing the full scale and scope of legal services being delivered in communities across the nation.
Unlike sequence-similarity searching, it does not require that the full protein-coding content of both genomes be known for reasonable inferences to be made.
However, the sampling duration of a grab sample is so short that full characterization of an effluent over a 24-h period would require a prohibitively large number of separate samples and tests.
The paintings from 1987 are full of charming facility, but their decorativeness is repetitive.
We have the advantage with the use of the absorbance spectrum between 500 and 600 nm, used in the calculation of intracellular calcium, that this is also sensitive to the presence of deoxy- or oxygenated myoglobin [ 7 ] . With our technique the myoglobin spectrum is invariably consistent with full oxygenation and any (rare) hearts that do not show this pattern are discarded.
The NYT runs a front-page takeout on the career of the Cuban exiles' longtime top clandestine operative that jumps inside to a two-page full spread complete with pictures and time-line.
Although physical binding of full length Btk to Src family kinases in vivo has not been reported, in vitro interactions have been demonstrated between proline-rich motifs in the amino-terminal sequence of Btk and the Src homology (SH) 3 domains of Src family kinases [ 25, 26].
It was a full page ad, too.
With Adam Nagourney, the Times ' other reporter covering Dole full time since the summer, "the problem is an incredible focus on the little picture as opposed to the big picture."
Over the years, advertisers have tried all kinds of tactics to attract customers, and more recently those tactics have seemed to cover the full spectrum of the possible, including the utterly oblique (Infiniti's first campaign), the willfully tacky (Mentos), the memorable-for-memorability's-sake (Outpost.com's flying gerbils and ravenous wolves), and the self-loathing (Sega's Japanese ads for Dreamcast, which I wrote about here last week).
These numbers are modestly higher than would be expected by placing a random selection of genes into groups, where we would expect 7 ± 2 from the full dataset and 4 ± 2 from the homologs-removed dataset.
We therefore made 6 mm full thickness circular lesions and examined the gross and microscopic appearance of skin wounds at various time points, with four wild-type and four SPARC-null mice at each time point.
In this case all the components function with full efficiency: first, a complex of telomerase and binder/cutter bind to the binding site, then cutting of the cut-site ensues with immediate, coupled telomerase capping of the MAC-destined end, with no interposed erosion.
A full staff retreat of the three programs deepened the understanding among advocates about the goals of integration of legal services delivery in New Hampshire and has led to the creation of a number of committees and task forces to further promote statewide coordination.
Neither full nor partial evacuation drills were held.
"It is up to his allies, in particular Tony Blair, to stiffen his resolve that NATO's demands be met in full.
Scots Gaelic dictionaries are heavily dependent on Irish sources, especially for the older words, and the dictionaries are full of variant and regional forms.
I did think you unfair in characterizing it as "Whig History for the PC era, full of paeans to same-sex love," and so on.
Of the 1,572 full and partial transposable elements in Release 3 [ 9], only 380 are identical to the corresponding Release 2 transposable element sequences.
For a personal touch, there are a number of guides who provide guided walks full of interesting details of local history.
An early published account of a full life-cycle, fish toxicity test was that of Mount and Stephan (1967).
But further on, it quotes one of the CIA witnesses as saying that Huang "had received a full security clearance."
In one sense, this is the full flowering of the death of the studio system and the triumph of purely speculative capitalism.
Why not concern yourself with that startling number rather than worry about three guys in a hot air balloon or one guy full of hot air such as Clinton?

Although all the papers have, as usual, no problem finding some experts to foresee up trends on rates and some to foresee down ones, their lines on the interest rate future shake out this way: the LAT suggests in its third paragraph further rate reductions of up to a full percentage point; USAT , in its sixth paragraph, quotes an economist saying there's no indication of another Fed move anytime soon; in its sixth paragraph, the Post says the narrow language of the Fed announcement strongly indicates this also.
What Michael Ovitz's unparalleled severance package (assuming it is paid in full) has done is to shine a huge spotlight on that dirty little secret.

No sterile display cases full of artifacts here!
Its securities are required to say in so many words that they are not backed by the full faith and credit of the United States government.
The wet FGD retrofit at the Bailly Generating Station, Units 7 & 8, is an example where a full service system (single limestone absorber for combined 528 MWe capacity, 2-4.
This is a man who, seeing a full moon rise beautifully in the sky, feels moved to announce, "Oh, if only I could piss all over it!"
In the past few months, though, it's had its hands full trying to make the trains run on time.
Other than the miles of beaches, there’s not much else of consequence here except mangrove, scrub, and half a dozen comfortable hotels with a full program of entertainment and watersports.
8A) and numerous spiny processes (full arrowhead).
After successfully completing the performance evaluation period, the employee then begins earning a full salary.
Newsweek calculates the bottom line on the president's plan to save Social Security: It promises away a full 151 percent of the projected budget surplus, and would create a shortfall of $2.
The full apparatus of American intellectual life--the major universities, the literary organs, the forums for speaking--were open to him in ways they were not even to James Baldwin, the most noted crossover black literary star of the 1950s.
For example, getting her a lawyer, who, like all lawyers, would let her know her full scenario of options.
I've never been handed a martini glass full of potatoes in my life.
Someone picked up his suitcase, which he had dropped, and swung it full force against his head.
In either strategy, the evaluator needs to search the full data base thoroughly for disconfirming evidence, in order to avoid the pitfall of premature conclusions and data analysis ends when the best fit possible has been reached between the observations and a statement about what they mean.
Fulfillment of this goal requires full participation from members of the Indiana Dental Association.
According to KSM, the muscle did not learn the full details-including the plan to hijack planes and fly them into buildings-before reaching the United States.
As the Indian army went on full alert, the paper said, "New Delhi is aware that the military regime in Islamabad will mean more trouble in Kashmir.
Caterpillar has learned from experience that it will achieve the full reliability goal by full production if it meets the interim goal by the time it produces pilot production units.
Even members of the recent commission who oppose full privatization supported investing part of Social Security's accumulated surplus in the private marketplace.
The narrow streets bordering the river are full of interesting antique stores, coffee shops, and restaurants.
The paper said, "The Czech Republic has come full circle from underdog in the dark days of fascism and communism to a member of the world's strongest defense alliance."
Go in full force from the beginning rather than escalate yourself into a quagmire.
See Supplementary Material for full details.
12988 and the Department states that the rule is intended to have preemptive effect with respect to any state or local laws, regulations or policies which conflict with its provisions, or which would otherwise impede its full implementation.
Women know this and take full advantage.
This puts the peak of ovulation at the full moon.
I hope in the future he will also bring a blowup of his bank statement and a wheelbarrow full of cash and precious gems.
I'm quite sure my children know they're not getting the full version of events.
And Morris did not get his 25 percent cut on the full $85 million he says was spent on Clinton's TV advertising.
In contrast, the mutation in the Ets binding site completely abolished the full induction of transcription and reduced the luciferase activity to the basal level.
The deal boldly challenges all this, says the WP , putting pressure on Congress and regulators to change the status quo, in the next five years before the deal goes into full effect.
Fox News Sunday commentator Brit Hume warns that her "strange" advice is full of "psychobabble."
But substantial parts of the world economy are depressed--and for one reason or another apparently cannot or will not use macroeconomic policy to restore full employment.
However, preliminary evidence suggests that unlike the stimulated CD5 expression in these other studies, the low-level constitutive expression of CD5 on the M12 B cell line is enabled by the same 43 bp regulatory region that we have shown here is sufficient to induce full constitutive CD5 expression on T cells.
However, he believed research on screening instruments that is not linked with an intervention leads to the easy assumption that results will be generalizable to using that screening instrument in a full protocol.
 full trekking experience, nothing can substitute for the fully-catered tenting trek, which is patterned on the first Everest expeditions of the 1950s.
By 2007 reduce NOx emissions 75 percent below 1997 levels, reduce SO2 emissions to 75 percent below full implementation of the Phase II requirements under title IV, reduce mercury emissions 90 percent below 1999 levels, and reduce CO2 emissions to 1990 levels.
The world is full of a number of things ...
Indeed, there are a number of studies that show net economic benefits may be possible when a full accounting of both benefits and costs are included within an appropriate analysis (Krause, et al, 2001; and Bailie, et al, 2001).
Gore opines that it would be "inappropriate" for him to "buttonhole" Senators, but hedges--if he's asked, he will "feel free to communicate with them in full."
An editorial in the Syrian state-controlled newspaper Tashrin called the Netanyahu regime a "three-year nightmare" and said Barak should "make drastic changes in Israel's positions regarding a full withdrawal from occupied Arab lands and a just and inclusive peace based on U.N. resolutions."
Filgrastim (recombinant methionyl human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor) has been shown to reduce the depth of the nadir ANC, shorten the duration of neutropenia, and reduce the risk of febrile neutropenia [ 3 ] , thereby maintaining chemotherapy dose [ 4 5 ] . Many patients with early-stage breast cancer do not receive the full chemotherapy dose intensity recommended in conventional adjuvant chemotherapy regimens [ 6 7 8 ] . Neutropenia is the primary reason for chemotherapy dose delays and reductions [ 1 6 7 ] .
This mutant Csn5p retained full activity for preventing Pcu1p and Pcu3p hyperneddylation (Fig.
Only when we have grasped the full extent of the Freudian intellectual fiasco--it is adumbrated in my book but exhaustively explored in Malcolm Macmillan's Freud Evaluated: The Completed Arc (1997)--will we be able to talk about motives with an adequate respect for their actual variety and volatility.
Talking parrots, peacocks in full display, and cute lemurs will always win hearts.
As a matter of full disclosure: I am African-American, a Republican, and I work for the Republican Party.
The WP lead limns the intensifying concern occurring across the full spectrum of the federal government, reporting, for instance, on an anti-terrorism meeting Monday attended by Madeleine Albright, the CIA director, and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs.
If you prefer the antiques of tomorrow there are also many stores full of “collectibles,” — most popular at present are turn-of-the-century light fittings, taps, and door furniture.
Naively performing a full duplication/speciation analysis on each of 2 N -3 differently rooted trees results in a overall time complexity of O( N 2) or worse, but this can be avoided.
In this report, we have presented GoMiner in the context of microarray data, but the variety of applications is clearly much broader; it embraces the full range of genomic and proteomic studies.
There are a handful of studies suggesting effective relief of NVP by CAM therapies such as ginger [ 3 16 ] , manual acupuncture [ 17 18 ] , acupressure [ 3 ] and vitamin B6 [ 3 8 ] . Nevertheless, there is little research on the efficacy and safety of the full range of CAM modalities used by women to alleviate NVP.
The GOP set the contribution rate at just under one-third of the full cost, but they also "means tested" the premiums so that seniors with incomes over $75,000 would pay a bigger chunk.
Re your views on needle exchanges: It's fine if the government wants to give out clean needles to intravenous drug users to reduce the spread of AIDS, but I would then expect a full refund on my tax return for my share of the cost, because that's not why I pay taxes.
Postal Service and FPAs were to pay each other terminal dues applying full First Class mail rates to all LC and AO mail exchanged, the U.S.
Because of concerns regarding the shifting balance of power to the government, we think that a full and informed debate on the Patriot Act would be healthy.
Contact the Cumbria Tourist Board or local tourist information centers for full details (see page 125).
Genes/ESTs with cytoband position appearing in UniGene were placed on the full genome assembly.
The preamble to the final rule includes the full text of the final regulatory flexibility analysis.
Monica then used the dress as a bargaining chip to guarantee her full immunity, even though she knew there was nothing on it.
Arlen Specter are emerging as two proponents of a full trial with witnesses, in opposition to the fast-track view favored by Sen.
Under its, it's , Bryson gives, among others the following examples from the Washington Post , “Its the worst its been in the last five years,” “Its come full circle,” then goes on to say “ It's , which was intended in each of the examples above, is the contraction of it is.
You know, yesterday when I was snooping around at Monica Lewinsky's new cyber-handbag emporium I found myself wondering how she had turned into a handbag designer simply by sitting around eating fists full of éclairs at the Watergate and then making crosstown limo rides to the courthouse for grand jury appearances.
This program should be expanded, perhaps with incentives for police to live in the neighborhoods they patrol full time.
In case Pundit Central whets your appetite instead of sating it, the page includes an extensive set of links to Web sites where the pundits and panjandrums can be found in their full glory.
Glimpses into his character "do not add up to a full motivation for Bunt's aimlessness" (Thomas Keneally, the New York Times Book Review ).
Unique in the annals of Johnsoniana is a full treatment of Dr. Robert Levet, an unlicensed practitioner who was a valued member of Johnson's peculiar household, and Wiltshire's close reading of Johnson's elegy on Levet is welcome and commendable.
I love to browse through Bartlett's Familiar Quotations . It may be lazy of me, but I like to taste the plums of many authors whose full puddings I cannot digest.
The availability of the full assembly enables a comparison of the entire genome to itself for evidence of homology arising from duplications or insertions.
Its full sequence is presently not known but a partial open reading frame of 268 amino acids has been constructed [ 40 ] . The near-perfect 144 amino acids repeats contain two coiled-coil domains each.
Skeat, in which the expanded note is reprinted in full and fills eight pages (pp.
The histories conspiracists concoct are convoluted--counterhistories full of strange codes and logic through which factual history can be glimpsed as in a fun-house mirror.
Expression of the Src KMfused to the full length Cas SD, 5' N-terminal YQXP motifs or 3' C-terminal YDXP motifs alone demonstrated that these fusions were not stably tyrosine phosphorylated in cells (Fig.
During a full moon, childless couples pray at the stone shrines depicting lingam and yoni (male and female genitalia).
As Chatterbox noted previously (see "The Al Gore-Bill Bradley Green-Off, Part I"), Bill Bradley's lifetime legislative score from the League of Conservation Voters is a full 20 percentage points ahead of Al Earth in the Balance Gore's.
In contrast, the HIO3261-77 cells were found to have significantly reduced levels of full length BRCA1 than the wild type cell line, confirming the mutated amino-terminal BRCA1 (BRCA1+) in these cells.
However, as ESTs represent fragments of the full transcripts, we cannot be certain about this until the full-length RNA species are cloned.
Once a year in February or March, a few days after the second full moon of the year, crowds gather on the beach for Bau Nyale.
Some are moved by the film's themes of redemption and spirituality; Roger Ebert says it's full of "vivid characters, humor, outrage and emotional release" (the Chicago Sun-Times ). Less kind reviews note the "inadvertently racist overtones" of the relationship between Hanks and Duncan (Janet Maslin, the New York Times ) and say the movie has the "suffocating deliberateness of a river of molasses" (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ). (David Edelstein the movie in Slate : "not all of the movie is melodramatic, pseudo-mystical drivel--only about two hours and 15 minutes."
after full detachment) apoptosis significantly increased (LR in Fig.
The illustrated edition included the full government report and garden variety beaver shots, etc.
A three myc-tag recognizing the sequence EQKLISEEDL was placed into position 67 in the cDNA of full length Bid.
By his own statement Johnson was “a dabbler in physick,” and the reader is given a full account of Johnson's medical readings and how he assimilated his knowledge for purposes of self-medication.
Both papers explain that the Democratic anti-impeachment strategy is to push for a full House censure vote, in the hope that this will siphon some key moderate Republican votes away from any impeachment bill.
To investigate ERβ interactions with corepressors, we examined the interactions of full length ERβ (amino acids 1-530) with bacterially expressed C-terminal NR interacting domain of N-CoR (amino acids 1944-2453) in vitro (Fig.
He knew that students would not find microeconomics, with its emphasis on efficiency, interesting unless they were first convinced that the economy could achieve more or less full employment, that it need not relapse into depression.
