How can I help you gentlemen?”
jar of dirt going to help?
With its spectacular, full-color photographs, compelling features and updates on the important work your membership helps us to accomplish, this award-winning publication alone is worth the modest gift!
We've helped people break free of the welfare cycle.
He descended a bit more and shouted, "Excuse me, can you help me?
You probably remember Krishna from his visits to our Bombay office when he was helping you on a few projects.
Help us put an end to scam!!!
We have a five step plan to help you succeed: ------------------------------------
The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow, helping youth become strong, independent adults of tomorrow.
Door of a plastic surgeon's office: "We can help you pick your nose!
A Big Sister is a mentor, a friend and a role model, helping a young girl to develop the self-confidence and life skills necessary to become a responsible, productive and successful adult.
But thousands more animals are in peril of losing their lives -- you can help the ASPCA reach out to them by returning the enclosed reply form with your gift today.
TIA DALMA: Den it helps.
The superior credentials of both doctors authenticate how they have devoted their lives to helping menopausal women.
They have managed to cut through all the hype and controversy that surrounds menopause in their latest book - a virtual makeover and guide that helps make the smoothest transition through this very natural occurrence in a woman’s life.
I will need your reply stating your readiness to help in seeing this through.
The feeling that you are a real partner in helping us achieve victories for wildlife is probably the biggest benefit of membership there is.
saying he had violated Senate rules by accepting and failing to disclose expensive gifts from a former contributor to whom he repeatedly gave help.
You can’t help but laugh.
Why am telling you all this because now my life in danger and well know that your stranger which you can help me out!!!
In the short while since Goodwill helped him find his job, Robert has learned to thoroughly clean a motel room in about 40 minutes.
Please sign your Citizens’ Advisory Ballot to demonstrate to our Alaska allies that you’re behind them; and send an urgent donation today to help them win this effort.
It may help a family stay together.
In his heart, he holds the unshakable conviction that the mission he helped organize saved America from disaster.
Through the years, I’ve managed to learn more about her past, and help her as she helped me.
It will also be used to help maintain the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships, including volunteer orientation and training and ongoing supervision and support by a professional staff.
Defenders hopes to raise at least $100,000 to help Alaskans For Wildlife, a coalition of Alaska citizens, win a citizens’ ballot initiative this November.
Relationship Education For Men Whatsamatta University's Seminars For Men Fall Catalogue Once again, the female staff at Whatsamatta University will be offering courses for men of all marital status in an attempt to help males and females understand each other better.
Your generosity will help people help themselves.
It’s all something you can’t help; it all comes to you… It’s internal, you can’t help it” (Woods).
Your generosity will help people help themselves.
Help Stop Premature Ejaculation!
“Now, how can I help the elegantly mannered friend of my Nepthys and his surprising young charge?
Help Stop Premature Ejaculation!
Artificial light sources can be used to supplement daylight, to help reset a person's internal clock to the correct new time zone when traveling.
ANAHEIM, Calif. -- The Anaheim Angels got help where they felt they needed it most, agreeing to trade for Milwaukee Brewers outfielder Alex Ochoa only hours before Wednesday's nonwaiver trading deadline.
The trouble is that Stephanopoulos himself helped propagate those lies in the first place.
We’ll also award more small grants through our Species Action Fund to help a wide range of animals, including whooping cranes, giant river otters, and Tibetan antelopes.
Since its re-organization, MCCOY has established its unique niche within the community by refraining from direct service programming and focusing on what it does best: helping to identify youth needs, convening groups of individuals and organizations which can address those needs, and moving toward collaborative solutions.
ALAN GRANT Great, how does that help us?
This is positive proof that Big Sisters one-to-one mentoring program helps change lives.
You will be making a world of difference in helping us continue to fight for the species that can’t fight for themselves.
According to a senior CIA officer who helped devise the overall strategy, the CIA provided intelligence, experience, cash, covert action capabilities, and entrée to tribal allies.
Your reward will be the wag of a tail you’ll never see, the soft purr you’ll never hear -- and the warm joy of knowing you were there to help when you were needed.
Will you please join with me today to help save animals from pain, suffering, hunger, hunting and abuse?
The universities attract students from all over the world, and this influx helps to make Dublin a busy, buzzing international city.
Magna International Inc. 's chief financial officer, James McAlpine, resigned and its chairman, Frank Stronach, is stepping in to help turn the automotive-parts manufacturer around, the company said.
Won't you help make all of these successes possible?
Being a devoted christian family i have no other option than to use this amount is $22 million to help those that is in need.
Starke said the school was helping Easterling find housing.
If you choose to help, the necessary information follows so that you may contact this member directly.
Understanding the enzymatic mechanisms of the NTPDases will help description of their physiological functions, and development of strategies to regulate the functions of the enzymes.
You're last gift of $50.00 helped make it possible for us to provide guidance, encouragement and fun to nearly 400 Indianapolis area children.
We built our first hut more than 100 years ago in New Hampshire’s northern Presidential Range, and we helped protect the White Mountains so that they are still open to you now.
Because the ASPCA -- and the thousands of animals we help every year --need all the friends we can get!
I shall trade you the Compass, if you will help me...
This secret has been in my mind for close to a years now and I don't even know who to tell because I need someone to help me receive this money in a foreign account to enable me leave here peacefully.
He can’t help but give up control.
We need your support today to help us face off against a noisy chorus of anti-wildlife forces who oppose all efforts at commonsense environmental protection.
May God help us all.
Finally, I am now using this medium to tell you that, if you have also had any scam experience on-line or been a victim, please tell the center about it, how it happened that you got scammed, they will help you to refund your money or you can also help any close fellow you know around you that he or she has been scammed before, to help refund his/her money back from this paying center.
It’s our FREE gift to you for joining now and a charming reminder that your support helps NWF protect valuable wildlife species like this one.
Today we are asking you to take a few minutes to consider making a contribution to Pleasant Run to help the 1,500 children families we care for.
I need help.
they also help purify our drinking water and prevent billions of dollars worth of flood damage.
However, our criteria for this BOF should be that it helps illuminate and define the problem and advances the understanding needed to define WGs, and I think it is more likely to do that than anything else we are likely to come up with.
Please help Goodwill and help people find jobs.
Please use the enclosed holiday gift wrapping paper and gift tags to help spread the word about our mission of conservation to your friends and family.
You and I have never been on particularly good terms, and I regret not burying that hatchet while you were still alive, but at the same time, I can't help but think that your passing adds a sense of closure to twelve years of horror.
Your gift of at least $5 or $10 or even $15, will help The HSUS save millions of animals.
Your contribution will help us rescue more animals like Astro ...
You have helped make Goodwill's work possible with your previous support.
RAGETTI: Tide's comin', that should help.
This is my Good luck that I found your post which is according to my search and topic, I think you are a great blogger, thanks for helping me outta my problem..
Why is it important for someone making "Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir" or "Sonoma Valley Zinfandel" to help promote "Sonoma County", a designation that has no ability to define the quality or character of the wines in my Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir or my Sonoma Valley Zinfandel?
You help Jameson campers reach for them.
And won’t you also please make a tax-deductible contribution of just $15 --or more if you are able -- to help save the dolphins, whales, sea turtles, and other amazing marine creatures who so desperately need support from all of us these days!
SCREEN - Helps keep the Skeeters off the porch.
Police stations, ICPC and the EFCC, all these commissions were in support of investigating my case and helped me out of the pains.
Although this might help explain the Judeo-Christian-Muslim tendencies to subjugate women, treating them essentially as chattel, it does not account for a similar treatment accorded them in other cultures, notably that of Japan.
Please accept the enclosed name stickers as our gift to you and use them to spread the word about the ASPCA and the animals we help -- thank you.
So please let me know what will be your compensation for helping me and my sister out?
I know that during difficult times, sometimes words emerge that can help people through difficult times.
Please NOTE that the earlier you help me the better as you will be doing God a great favor because our lives are no more safe with these people over here.
This will help you avoid any form of query from the Monetary Authority of your country.
I have attached my resume to help bring you up to date on my career.
After Maureen's job coach taught her how to do her job in a restaurant, we helped Maureen step out of the shadow sometimes cast over people with physical and mental disabilities and find a fulfilling job smack dab in the middle of society.
Beginning in 2014, "Sonoma County" will receive a tremendous boost in recognition due to the conjunctive labeling law that forces vintners to add more wording to their labels—whether they think the words "Sonoma County" help or hurt their marketing efforts.
Thank you again for helping point the way.
He knew what he would do, how he would help.
Agency provides direction and drive to career behaviour and helps to diffuse ambiguity by providing vision and long-term goals.

I am contacting you about a need I have and I believe you are well able to help me.
As the name suggests, local leaders wanted to instill the people of Youngstown with a fierce sense of urgency, driving them forward to confront steel companies and owners and help secure the future of the region.
It came in through my mother's blood; my Russian grandmother would always tell me stories, bylichkas, of ancestors with the "second sight", stupid mill owners who discovered bags of gold after letting a special fish off their hooks, and dark strangers who used to appear to help or interfere at crucial times.
You can help make positive changes in the lives of at-risk youth in central Indiana.
Each year, we help thousands of people who face tremendous obstacles.
Your gift to Goodwill will be used directly to support services that will help even more find jobs.
In addition to that, by helping them find jobs, Goodwill reduced the state's Public Support tab by an estimated $4 million.
Your support will help them go to work.
Every time we help someone find a solution to their employment barrier, the positive effects radiate throughout our community:
Your gift will help give new meaning to the word success -- for people who have seldom had reason to use the word.
And, with your assistance, Goodwill can help employers develop resources to keep workers on the job.
Alice, sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders;
Please help us help them.
Join in this wonderful event and help Jameson Camp continue to provide the year-round support that gives kids a chance to create dreams.
Help Blaze The Trail -- 1997 Jameson Camp
Where else would that many people turn if CCI weren't there to help?
One group of adults and one group of youth, through two very different processes, have arrived at the same conclusion; our community still has much to do if we are to help ALL of your youth successfully develop into the responsible, productive adults who will our community in the future.
We seek the financial support of the Foundation to help us be successful in creating the atmosphere in our community where young people can grow and develop well.
But caring adults like you can reach out and help.
The last visitor was then-U.S. Rep. Bill Richardson of New Mexico, who went to help a pair of U.S. oilmen in diplomatic trouble.
You might say that Stephanopoulos helped invent the philander-protection techniques that seem to have made Clinton so overconfident of his ability to not get caught.
It began with problems of how to help victims and stanch the flowing losses to the American economy, such as
In response, member states of the Arab League sent troops to help the Palestinian Arabs.
A Quarantine Maintenance will help us prevent this everyday dilemma.
I decided to WILL/donate the money to you for the good work of the lord, And also to help the motherless and less privilege and also for the Assistance of the widows according to (JAMES 1:27).
It all depends on our trusting each other but I've chosen to contact you prayerfully and believing that you are the person to help me.
they help you out of your pains.
This is the reason I make contact with you to help me received the money.
Truth is, every woman has to go through it; there is no way to avoid it - so why not get the best possible information to help in the transition?
I believe that you are sincere man and know that you must be broken hearted, but I hope that this article can help you lead a dispirted workforce to see things more clearly.
Through the years, I’ve managed to learn more about her past, and help her as she helped me.
He leans back in and helps me get out of the backseat.
I sit around and watch you, sorry if that sounds a bit creepy but I can’t help it.
Opening the process to other designers, both here and internationally, will help separate this urban plan from the ordinary.
Contributions to the Annual Fund help us to prepare our master’s students with a thorough knowledge of their discipline, as well as the needed skills for success in the workplace.
We’re helping to develop
Please help the ASPCA with your most generous gift today -- the animals are counting on you.
Your gift today will help us reach our goal to restore one million acres of irreplaceable wetlands.
So on the offchance that it will help, why not?

to help save Alaska’s wolves from same-day airborne land-and-shoot killing.
Sincerely, Rodger Schlickeisen President P.S.: Defenders needs your help to raise $100,000 in emergency funds to help ensure that the coalition’s Emergency Effort to Save Alaska’s Wolves succeeds.
r findings and conclusions, which are based on the facts contained in this report: they are offered with the hope that lessons may be learned to help avoid future catastrophe. We conclude 

When asked why he was gay, he explained that it is simply “something that I can’t help… embedded in my head; nothing made me do it” (Woods).
Please help us carry this message to others so that animal cruelty and abuse can be eliminated.
I can't help you out," said the frustrated jeweller, "he had a stocking pulled over his head.
They are supposed to help you solve problems, but half the time they ARE the problem; and 4.
That helps.
Your nickel a day can, when it joins the stream of other member donations, help stop water pollution at its source ... protect sea turtle nesting beaches from development ... and defend seals, dolphins, and other ocean wildlife from the threat of entanglement and drowning in fishing nets and marine debris.
…Sir, if she’s in any danger, it will probably be too late to help her by that time.
“I will help you find your Rachel.
I do not want to provide help to someone who would do harm.”
When you use it in place of plastic bags you help conserve our natural resources.
The APA has spent more than $1 million to help state psychological associations develop and lobby for such prescription privileges -- or "RxP" -- legislation.
Without funds, the Save Our Valley Campaign could do nothing major to help salvage the city’s dying economy.
WILL TURNER: She *is* locked up, in a prison, bound to hang for helping *you*!
I can't help but wonder if Ms. Seltzer's book with all it's far-fetched, tales-from-the-urban-jungle flair, would have passed the smell test were it read by a more diverse panel of editors.
Do they help or hinder the mission of the Church?
Indians help Africa's leather trade whip recession http://r.reuters.com/nec24c is wondering whether marketers are helping drive CSR (reputation) or just communicating it?
Anatrim helps you to understand that you got no such great need for that much food.
To wit: in 2009, David helped launch the Truro Ag Fair -- an event that exceeded all expectations and brought huge crowds to local farmers' booths.
But I also hope you will help us keep alive the promise behind these labels and become the newest member of National Wildlife Federation today.
Lastly, Mr. Danny Dean can be contacted about establishing a special endowment fund to help the Dental Assisting Program conduct more public relations and advertising and hopefully even list its phone number in the Yellow Pages.
Tight immigrant networks (the personal kind) help publicize the most effective attorneys.
When thanking the Saudis, Director Tenet took advantage of the opening to ask them to help against Bin Ladin.
At last our bus came and I helped her up the steps.
The NYT also reveals that one of the attorneys Gore has hired to help with his mounting problems is doing the work pro bono.
To help ensure that such services continue, the Maryland State Bar Association and other advocates are lobbying legislators to explain how legal services help constituents in every district.
To help ensure that such services continue, the Maryland State Bar Association and other advocates are lobbying legislators to explain how legal services help constituents in every district.
Our data may therefore help point to one important feature of the transcriptional program that sets the stage for these signaling events.
The Enquirer does not say whether Lieberman is related to Evelyn Lieberman, the Clinton aide who helped send Monica into this spiral by transferring her from the White House to the Pentagon after she showed inordinate interest in the president.
The Lawyers' Assistance Program is designed to help lawyers with drug or alcohol abuse problems, or with mental health problems.
KNB helped in overall planning of the study, analyzing the culture and sensitivity data and writing the manuscript.
After emphasizing that the first priority was to help the injured and protect against any further attacks, he said: "We will make no distinction between the terrorists who committed these acts and those who harbor them."
She helped clean up and serve food to the out-of-towners.
Your contribution helped make it possible for us to provide our students with a quality education.
In the case of the fellow who wrote, I would give priority to my own work but help out to the extent that I could without neglecting my tasks.
Again, there is no mention of the 15 percent tax cut--and the word "help" reminds the viewer that we still don't know how the Dole plan will be financed.
2) The president hatches a plan to help the hostages escape, but he needs to alert the Air Force to his scheme.
John McCain of Arizona may have helped his chances by staying out of the straw poll: "He has thus placed himself to emerge later as a new voice that could win over voters who found beauty in none of those parading their credentials at Ames, Iowa."
Instead of trying to tame inner-city housing projects with different kinds of architecture, lower density, and income mixing, the Department of Housing and Urban Development should redefine its purpose: to help its tenants escape the ghetto.
On one side is Judith Widdicombe, an obstetrical nurse who volunteers at a suicide hotline and can't help noticing how many of the women calling in are pregnant--and desperate about it.
JNH performed the microarray experiments and helped with the manuscript.
The attorney for Spencer's wife says that Spencer 1) committed adultery with a dozen women; 2) summoned his wife to his bath to inform her, "I no longer love you and you're no good as a wife"; 3) expressed remorse by telling one of his mistresses that his wife deserved a husband who could "help her deal with her shortcomings."
And clinics at the state's three law schools and other nonprofit legal organizations help 10,000 more people a year.
By accepting your nomination and joining with us, you not only become a member of the most prestigious wing of the GOP, you also help finance the races of our field of candidates.
We can't help you."
Rockefeller hired one of the first corporate flacks to counteract the blistering hostility generated by the muckraking journalist Ida Minerva Tarbell, who laid out in detail how Standard conspired to help its allies and ruin its competitors.
39The Social Security Administration also offers an online retirement planner with calculators to help workers understand how much they can expect from Social Security under different retirement scenarios.
KM helped conceive of the study and led the drafting of this manuscript; JK supervised data collection, helped analyze the data and co-wrote the paper; SS helped analyze data, LK helped collect and analyze data; CM, AG and JB all conceived of the study, and helped in the write up of this paper.
Such information can not only help explain some of the paradoxical behavioural data of these ligands, but it can also explain the interaction of each ligand with a single receptor involved in modulation of the pain pathways.
--Please Help!
A robust economy helps by providing job opportunities, but to be honest, most of the people who aren't working today are quite simply the ones who face the greatest obstacles.
"Although you could previously only move joints that were in the hand [as opposed to the fingers], the plastic in the legs of Barbie dolls allows patients to position fingers in different flexion," she told the Duke University Chronicle . Glenn Hostetter, the medical center prosthetics clinical supervisor, noted that the technique is an inexpensive way to provide articulation in a finger and that it will help prosthetic fingers become functional as well as cosmetic appendages.
This has a multiplier effect: one lawyer trains 20 social workers, each of whom helps 50 clients, resulting in 1,000 people and families getting legal information, materials or referrals they might otherwise not have had.
The Ibicencos fortified the bulwarks and built additional towers and fortresses throughout to help shield themselves against enemy incursions.
Little of Leonardo's weirdness is conveyed by the Codex Leicester exhibit--though Isabella Rosellini's blue-velveteen voice narrating the exhibit's eight-minute biographical video helps somewhat.
Help and comments are welcome.
This helps explain why the discrepancies between template match and ANOVA was larger for the region-specific genes than for strain-specific genes.
In some cases, the generation of a structure diagram helps us identify problems with the sequence or its alignment.
This is tax cuts, so help me God"; and 2) Bush and John McCain arguing about campaign-finance reform, with McCain defending the compatibility of his reform stance with his recently exposed letter writing to the FCC to force a decision concerning a TV station that one of his major contributors wanted to purchase, and Bush claiming that McCain's reform would "hurt the Republican cause."
Participation itself helps enhance the dignity of the victim by allowing him or her to be heard and to feel respected as a citizen.
She favored alternative punishments, longed to help troubled kids, worried about Draconian anti-immigration policy, and disliked the death penalty, mandatory minimum sentences, and the crack/powder cocaine sentencing disparity.
Cynics cite the opportune timing of coloreds' rediscovered blackness now that the black-majority government has instituted policies helping those who faired worst under apartheid.
It gave the economy an immediate shot in the arm, helping businesses modernize and stimulating jobs in the manufacturing sector, especially in the tool and die-making industries.
It helps to have a notion of the market value of the merchandise by first checking out prices in stores.
If he wants to help himself, he can.
As demonstrated by successful companies, using these criteria can help ensure that the right knowledge is collected at the right time and that it will provide the basis for key decisions to commit to significant increases in investment as product development moves forward.
How they work, allegedly: Ginseng improves adrenal gland function, ginkgo helps circulation, and Echinacea boosts white blood cells.
News organizations demanded an explanation from the hospital CEO, John Blair, but I could find no reports that mentioned so much as the name of a staffer who had refused to help.
Reynolds, Philip Morris, and their smaller kin, would have ended most tobacco advertising, raised the price of cigarettes by more than 50 cents a pack, given the Food and Drug Administration authority to regulate nicotine, committed the industry to reducing teen smoking, and established a trust fund to pay for past health claims and help smokers quit.
There is an informative recorded tape in several languages (you listen on headphones as you tour the attractions) to help you make the most of your visit.
I cannot say that I am prepared to give up my aversion to the tax code, but the lowincome taxpayer clinics are an innovative way for those who are comfortable with its provisions to help others in need.
Involving employees in planning and sharing performance information can help employees understand what the organization is trying to accomplish and how it is progressing in that direction.
Helping Out at Tax Times
They are doing this by providing legal training and support to non-lawyer "helping" personnel such as social workers, ministers, teachers and shelter staff who apply this new knowledge to help their clients find appropriate legal information and advice when they have a legal problem.
See, if the ECI was right, then that means that inflation is pretty well under control, which helped lower interest rates and spur a lot of buying in the stock market.
Those at the top of society have not helped matters by their tendency to inverted snobbery.
Instead, Washington agreed to dispense $24 billion in block grants to help the states insure children.
They're doing it--mastering hockey, and every conceivable other sport--to promote "growth," "teamwork," "physical fitness," "well-roundedness," "character," and other qualities that may be desirable in a doctor but don't, as a practical matter, help you get into medical school.
In doing so, we also sought to develop specific case study information on how CIOs have helped improve the effectiveness of their organizations« business operations.
The labor and thought that went into those letters helped politicians understand how many voters really cared about an issue and exactly what those voters thought.
The President's national homeland security strategy does provide for a proposed definition of homeland security, which should help the government to more effectively administer, fund and coordinate activities both inside and outside a new department and to ensure that all parties are focused on the same goals and objectives, results and outcomes.
Why on earth would he give away precious information that might help Clinton wriggle free?
After you read them, I hope you'll feel even more confident about the role you play in helping us help others.
Bayoumi obliged by not only locating an apartment but also helping them fill out the lease application, co-signing the lease and, when the real estate agent refused to take cash for a deposit, helping them open a bank account (which they did with a $9,900 deposit); he then provided a certified check from his own account for which the al Qaeda operatives reimbursed him on the spot for the deposit.
If you were 14 when Star Trek was on television, you are (God help you) probably a Trekkie.
"I would prefer to have my son alive and to be with him, but he did help open a lot of doors for me."
You have helped make Goodwill's work possible with your previous support.
United Way agencies can help your employees by providing services that may not be available elsewhere.
Your gift and the doubling of these dollars through the two challenge matches will help us reach this goal.
If The Salvation Army's Red Shield could talk, it might tell you how we recently helped a man with diabetes get the insulin he needed.
This began as a public health crusade, but Clinton has transformed it into an issue of helping parents protect their kids from tobacco pushers.
Your donation of $25, $50, $125, $250 or more will help us remain a steady source of assistance for people like Ted.
On more than one occasion it has been suggested to Pippen that he issue press releases to help the Robert Wrights of the world understand who he really is and the values for which he stands.
But I can't help wishing that Moyers would sometimes apply his keen mind to confronting those who disagree with him.
3) He hid the problem so it wouldn't stop him from helping U.S. companies sell technology to China under the guise of constructive engagement.
Chatterbox is grateful to the many people who wrote in to share personal stories and their views about methodological challenges as a way to help Chatterbox figure out whether vacations are more dangerous than work life and hanging around the house.
The program, Parents' Fair Share, which tries to help mostly black and Hispanic high-school drop-out absentee fathers via training and counseling, has been found in an independent study not to have increased their earnings and to have only marginally increased the amount of money they give their kids.
Ultimately, this multiple approach will help us to reach our shared goal of fewer alcohol-related deaths and injuries.
Realizing the seriousness of the problem helped motivate me to join with individuals like you who have helped to prevent needless suffering in our community by contributing to United Way of Central Indiana.
GAO has helped agencies to achieve greater savings from more efficient operations.
Such simulations can help policymakers assess the long-term consequences of fiscal policy and saving choices made today.
Since then, Rubin's cautious advice has helped ensure that the administration did nothing to screw up the prosperity.
!") Honestly, we were only trying to help: Smaller type means more words per screen, and therefore, less scrolling.
Comparing the human genome with the mouse genome can greatly help our understanding of both genomes.
Your support helps make everything you see and do at the IMA possible.
• GAO, Information Technology: A Model to Help
This section includes all the most important towns and regions to help you make your choice.
Less amusing, but more typical, is an 1983 essay by James Atlas in The Atlantic Monthly , in which he offers up the spectacle of himself cringing at the feet of the New York intellectuals who helped him with his biography of poet Delmore Schwartz--and equally nasty portraits of the intellectuals themselves.
Further research will help answer this question.
Memphis Area Legal Services and six other nonprofit groups will share more than $124,000 to help them operate, analyze and plan for growth and survival, thanks to a new focus by the Community Foundation of Greater Memphis.
An LAT piece reefered on its front cites a rebellion of ambassadors from Third World countries "that helped bring the WTO summit to an abrupt and embarrassing halt."
Your contribution helped make it possible for us to provide our students a quality education.
So as I said, the story of the baby-sitting co-op helps me remain hopeful in times of depression.
The last two scenes carry the same message: "Help our city to be great again."
The picture helps drive home the basis for the taboo: Behind those Foster Grants Cohen looks every bit the kind of oleaginous pol the Godfather has to eventually help out of some little unpleasantness in Vegas.
QIOs in the six pilot states found several key outcomes of the Nursing Home Quality Initiative that help to maximize the potential of public reporting to leverage effective improvement in nursing home quality of care.
c) Knew about affair, helped clean it up in questionable ways (Talking Points, etc.).
Some doctors and insurers say it will help doctors get past information about their patients and will help administrators manage billing information for insurance purposes.
Executives do so by examining their internal environments and asking a series of questions about the problems that need fixing, how information technology and management can help, and how a CIO might best fit within their management structures to guide technology solutions.
In the 1980s, you never traveled alone in the countryside if you could possibly help it--you wanted help handy if you blundered into a firefight or a minefield.
b) issues of alcohol use among injured patients are not in the purview of the trauma team; c) nothing can be done to address the issue of alcohol problems among injured patients so testing does not help; or d) not testing protects the patient and the practitioner from various legal issues.
"They're known for helping people," she said.
Because DNA levels are not appreciably altered by cellular activation, however, the use of genomic DNA as well as cDNA from the same sample of B cells helps to distinguish these two processes.
He's the puppy who can go for a walk with his master, wag his tail, win over strangers, and help Gates make friends.
But the WSJ points out that the pot-and-kettle aspect of the findings may help deflect criticism of Bill Clinton.
The mysterious stone circles that dot the landscape are thought to be primitive calendars that helped the inhabitants decide when to plant and when to harvest.
The Carey Award helps promote quality management within VA by giving the department a prominent means of recognizing high-performing offices, encouraging outcome-oriented practices, and educating VA employees about the benefits of results-oriented management and customer service.
Its wrongness immediately attracts people's attention and, at least as far as graffiti is concerned, it helps to set up a kind of anti-establishment bond.
"The students can go down into the counties and help domestic violence victims," Wallace said.
During the years 1897-99, he and his identically monickered teammate, Charles “Chief” Zimmer, helped the Spiders maintain a league-wide reputation for rowdy, dust-raising, bowl-'em-over baseball.
The following examples illustrate some of the financial benefits that GAO has helped the Congress and the executive branch achieve:
The proposed DHS will also need to immediately improve the government's overall ability to perform risk management activities that can help to prevent, defend against, and respond to terrorist acts.
He was so brazen sometimes, she couldn't help but love him (Lewinsky I, Pages 180-186; Tripp tapes, Pages 211-212).
It might also help us in our recruiting efforts in the increasingly competitive marketplace.
Accordingly, security specialists had assumed the role of educators, advisors, and facilitators who helped ensure that business managers were aware of risks and of control techniques that had been or could be implemented to mitigate the risks.
Several patients asked for and received suggestions about how to use hypnosis to ameliorate non-pulmonary symptoms such as abdominal pain, headaches, and insomnia, or to help improve their school or athletic performance.
That said, we can't help acknowledging that whether or not Monica Lewinsky serviced the president, she certainly has serviced us.
Sunbeam CEO Al "Chainsaw" Dunlap , who earned his reputation and wealth by firing employees because they weren't helping the company's bottom line, was fired because he wasn't helping the company's bottom line.
(Thanks to the many readers who helped fill out this backstory.)
Her selection continues the tradition of this award in recognizing those who have labored in the trenches, with little or no compensation but with great professional and personal satisfaction in helping to bring justice and equality to those who need it most."
Private Ryan director Steven Spielberg says his current film helped veterans come to terms with the war, just as his 1993 movie Schindler's List helped Holocaust survivors: "I feel privileged to be in the driver's seat for two films that helped people to speak the truth."
Consequently, those merchants who pander to and even help create our wants and needs have provided us with, to name but a few, the following lite/light products: Manor House Lite Coffee with one third less caffeine than regular coffee; Piper's Farms Lite Kosher Dills with 50 percent less salt than Piper's Farm regular dill pickles; Morton Lite Salt with half the sodium of regular table salt; Libby's Lite Pears, Peaches, Mixed Fruits , and Fruit Cocktail , all of which have no sugar added; Pall Mall Light 100's with one third less tar than “the leading filter king-sized cigarette.”
Brownell also said a partnership with the Solano County Bar Association should help get the word out to attorneys who might want to donate their time.
As a preventive, informal education program, Girl Scouting helps girls relate to others, develop values, contribute to their society, and develop their own potential.
A quantitative comparison of wild type and 3 × Ala myosin-II can help to constrain models about how myosin-II is recruited to the cleavage furrow cortex.
Using employee teams to help accomplish agency missions.
While this travel may have been a casing flight-Shehri traveled in first class on the same type of aircraft he would help hijack on September 11 (a Boeing 767) and the trip included a layover in Las Vegas-Shehri was neither a pilot nor a plot leader, as were the other hijackers who took surveillance flights.
Most are open under resting membrane potentials, and thus help maintain the voltage across the membrane near the K +equilibrium potential.
Proposals to help the Northern Alliance had been debated in the U.S. government since 1999 and, as we mentioned in chapter 4, the U.S. government as a whole had been wary of endorsing them, largely because of the Northern Alliance's checkered history, its limited base of popular support in Afghanistan, and Pakistan's objections.
I hope you will help us continue the Olympic tradition of excellence.
We feed off dead things and help the overall process of decomposition.
In petitioners' view, the restriction operates neither to maintain the current welfare system nor insulate it from attack; rather, it helps the current welfare system function in a more efficient and fair manner by removing from the program complex challenges to existing welfare laws.
One can't help but think that the NYT 's editors have spent a little too much time on Princess Diana and Mother Teresa coverage this past week.
These executive-level meetings will help build an understanding of key and emerging issues; provide an opportunity to discuss GAO's short- and long-term work plans, as well as the general working relationship between GAO and the agency, including the agency's use of GAO's work; and facilitate the discussion of issues associated with particular work.
Annually, we ask several of our youth serving organizations to join us in our effort to help young people grow up well in Indianapolis.
Congress has an important oversight role to play in helping to ensure the effective implementation of the new department.
The RLC ad says Forbes "hurt the Republican Party" in 1996 and will "help the Democrats" in 2000 by criticizing his GOP rivals.
Analyzing DNA sequence data bases should help in identifying such putative physiological recoding events.
Under threat of attack, the other taifas sought help from the Almoravids, fanatical Berber warriors.
You may like or dislike this stuff (we'll have plenty of linked commentary to help you decide).
Instead of helping, in other words, the interest rate increase apparently simply reinforced the vicious circle.
The LAT says that the speech was in its own way the ultimate impeachment defense: revealing Clinton to be a president focused on the issues people really care about, and hence might help him maintain the strong poll ratings that may be his ultimate lever with the senators sitting in judgment of him.
Character education could help.
The LSC Programs staff have worked assiduously these past several years to help create a world-class national legal services delivery system in which eligible clients in every state are afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves and ultimately to attain high-quality civil legal assistance.
The United States spent $78 million last year to help the Russians get rid of their 40,000-ton stockpile, and plans to spend $27 billion over the next 10 years destroying its own 30,000 tons.
According to the NYT , New York's leadership helped persuade northeastern states to consider smaller levels of nitrogen oxide emission reductions.
GAO, Information Technology: A Model to Help
First, it can help Congress make informed decisions.
The senior executive reported in his self-assessment for fiscal year 2001 that many states in the region have experienced a reduction in the number of highway fatalities since the Southern Executive Safety Summit, which is helping FHWA meet its goal of reducing the number of highway-related fatalities by 20 percent in 10 years.
Your hotel can help you find a hard or clay court.
Please help Goodwill and help people find jobs.
Your gift to Goodwill will help us do even more this year because your gift will be used to directly support our work.
When you and I help somebody find a job, one more person joins the ranks of tax payers, fewer tax dollars are spent on public assistance and businesses gain another consumer.
Your quick response will help us begin organizing our prizes.
As you begin that process this year, I would like to ask you to consider helping young people in Marion County toward more positive youth development by becoming a supporter of the Marion County Commission on Youth, Inc.
As a sponsor, you and your guests will have a special evening, knowing that your tax deductible contribution will help support preschool, childcare, senior and resettlement services, as well as quality cultural events in our community.
(The piece notes that this last stat helps explain why a focus on partial-birth abortions has proven politically advantageous for abortion foes.)
After emphasizing that the first priority was to help the injured and protect against any further attacks, he said: "We will make no distinction between the terrorists who committed these acts and those who harbor them."
I have all the documents of the deposit given to me by my late father and also the lawyer will help us get all necessary documents that will enable you receive this boxes on our behalf in your country for us to come over in your country for investment.
Finally, I am now using this medium to tell you that, if you have also had any scam experience on-line or been a victim, please tell the center about it, how it happened that you got scammed, they will help you to refund your money or you can also help any close fellow you know around you that he or she has been scammed before, to help refund his/her money back from this paying center.
So if you are looking for a SOLID team that can help you achieve your dreams at the comfort of your home then check out the following page.
I began writing about when Paige came into my life, and she helped, writing down her own memories.
Help!
We’re helping to protect the Sterling Forest in New York.
That’s why I hope you’ll also agree to help even more by making a tax-deductible gift to support this crucial initiative and all of Audubon’s vital conservation work to protect birds, other wildlife and habitat.
For too many, this is a daily reality — but today you can help make a difference.
Relationship Education For Women Whatsamatta University's Seminars For Women Fall Catalogue Once again, the male staff at Whatsamatta University will be offering courses for women of all marital status in an attempt to help males and females understand each other better.
I can't help it if your standards are lax.
If Mother Nature herself were perfect, she wouldn't need us urban urchins to help cover her scars with flowering seeds.
Norway - need help!
He started hosting work parties with friends in his backyard, teaching them to fix their bikes and helping them get started riding.
The kinds of services we provide help people deal with obstacles like health care, transportation and child care -problems that are big enough on their own without being compounded by factors like physical and mental disabilities, illiteracy and lack of job skills.
Goodwill helps people get off of public assistance.
We don't waste time as we are helping the community.
Your support helps provide real solutions.
For as long as he needs it, Goodwill will continue to help.
Because Pleasant Run is the only "family" for so many, our Emancipation Fund is one way we can help a young person take the first steps into his or her new life as an independent and productive adult.
Please "help good kids get better" by sending us a contribution today.
Your contribution last year of helped us get where we are today.
Your contribution will help with funding so Jameson Camp can continue providing the year-round camping experience that gives kids a chance to create dreams.
If you can give a little more to help meet this increased expense we would appreciate your support.
In 1998, MCCOY, Inc. led two efforts that, we believe, will help our community continue to take the steps necessary to help all young people grow up and develop well.
Annually, we ask several of our youth serving organizations to join us in our effort to help young people grow up well in Indianapolis.
As a sponsor, you and your guests will have a special evening, knowing that your tax deductible contribution will help support preschool, childcare, senior and resettlement services, as well as quality cultural events in our community.
Today, we are offering you the opportunity to help change a life.
That's ironic, since I think it was just that insularity that helped them, much in the same way that AOL has benefited from being in the Virginia suburbs rather than in Silicon Valley.
If Clinton, as is now increasingly clear, was a time bomb waiting to explode, then Stephanopoulos helped smuggle him into the White House and muffled the ticking.
I hope Patti can help you soon.
A chutzpanik may be defined as the man who shouts `Help! Help!' while beating you up.”
Husband to help less privileged people, orphanages, widows and propagating the word of God.
The main reason of contacting you is to solicit your help in coming forward to help us claim the fund as my late father instructed and after that we will move the Money to your Country for an investment.
Finally, I am now using this medium to tell you that, if you have also had any scam experience on-line or been a victim, please tell the center about it, how it happened that you got scammed, they will help you to refund your money or you can also help any close fellow you know around you that he or she has been scammed before, to help refund his/her money back from this paying center.
What are some ways to help?
But Paige was by my side the whole time, helping me explain everything.
Help!
A clinical trial of a treatment to help underweight women achieve normal weight (presumably by addressing the underlying cause) could be expected to have 80% power with N = (1.
And when I become a technician, I will help the poor and needy by giving them affordable rates.
I am writing to ask you to help my associate, Krishnarao Pinnamaneni, who faces a very difficult personal situation.
May God help us all.
Jewish immigrants introduced modern agricultural technology , which increased productivity and helped fill the markets with food to feed the growing Arab population.
Nearly 25 years ago, the National Audubon Society helped win passage of the Endangered Species Act.
P.S.Your gift will help us save birds, other wildlife and their habitat for future generations to cherish.
New theories, such as Karl Weick’s theory on the enactment of careers, can help us to understand the underlying patterns and dynamics inherent in complex, self-organising, social phenomena.
We need help to supplement the funds raised by Alaskans For Wildlife for careful polling, the development of voter education spots for television, radio and newspapers, the placement of those ads, and “get-out-the-vote” efforts on election day.
RUSH a special donation to help our Alaska allies overturn this odious new law.
port endeavors to expose the facts, identify responsibility, unravel myths, and help us understand how the crisis could have been avoided. It is 
As being a student such blogs help me a lot.It is rather interesting for me to read this blog.
The state legislature helped as well, by legalizing gambling in 1931 and thus solidifying the future of the town, though legislators and residents could never have known this at the time.
And with so much animal cruelty and suffering going on, I’m sure you can understand why the work of The Humane Society of the United States is so vitally important and why we need the support of many other people, like you, to help us bring an end to animal suffering, abuse and neglect.
Your gift will help give an animal a safe home.

If you could see them, I know you would want to help.
helped create National Marine Sanctuaries critical to the survival of marine wildlife -- from endangered manatees in the Florida Keys, to humpback whales off New England’s Stellwagen Bank, to sea otters in California’s Monterey Bay.
“Really, I’d like to help.
“But why are you even helping me?
When you use the attractive wrapping paper and gift tags, you will be helping us spread the word about saving America’s wildlife treasures and their habitat.
Wage hikes, although they helped to improve living conditions of steel workers in the US, made American steel far more expensive.

Drinking enegetic drink, hope that helps Waiting for Raley to get back from the hospital :( www.tw3t.com/16g going to get a haircut!
You owe it to yourself to at least let us try and help you achieve your dreams.
A significant promise comes with your enclosed personalized address labels, which are ready for your immediate use.
The move boosts Intelogic Chairman Asher Edelman's stake to 20% from 16.2% and may help prevent Martin Ackerman from making a run at the computer-services concern.
When Tripp testified before Congress about Travelgate and Foster's death, the White House helped her retain Behre.
You can help them to know that feeling.
"Well," says the man on the ground, "you don't know where you are or where you are going, but you expect me to be able to help.
Had he "passed through the sadness and grief that accompanied the death of his sister and that helped spur his photographic activity," as the curator Malcolm Daniel asks in his catalog essay?
Good principals can certainly help.
XP Apparel "helps people of all ages meet Christ's challenge by providing clothing that helps them share their faith."
Therefore, this tissue specific transcriptome map study may not only help us to understand the genome organization in the future, but may also provide means to gain leads to the functions of many genes for which this information is not currently available.
A fairer statement is that the speech helped make the topic a serious part of the national conversation.
GAO's fiscal year 2002 budget request is critical to our continuing efforts to reorganize and reshape the agency, reengineer our business processes, and train and equip our staff with up-to-date technology to help meet Congress' current and future needs.
Grass-roots organizations, political parties, and candidates routinely spend enormous sums of money and time on voter registration drives without any guarantee that they are helping their cause.
After some agonizing, I told Eisner that I would help out as a personal favor to him, but that when documents were released on Ovitz's pay, I would review them as a critic.
Built in a.d. 715 to help measure the peak and trough of the Nile flood.
They do not realize that right now voluntary associations are helping to address some of the most troubling social issues of our time, including homelessness, crime, and drug and alcohol abuse.
Tung's first salvo as the territory's leader is likely to include the introduction of policies to help develop long-term, high-tech industries, a special challenge in a place where short-term financial operations and property businesses have helped many to become millionaires overnight.
As further encouragement for the 200 or so followers they have picked up already, the consortium schools have given their graduates Palm organizers, paid for companies to help with their billing, and offered free legal research and even yoga and meditation classes, almost anything to help make life a little easier for those trying to hang out their shingles.
JR conceived the idea, helped in the analysis of data and participated in writing the manuscript.
New computational methods that capture molecular details from high-throughput genomic data in an automated fashion are desirable and can help direct the established techniques of molecular biology and genetics.
Though the NYTBR can't hurt Tom Clancy and probably can't help most academic specialists, for a lot of writers in between, not getting reviewed in the Times or receiving a harsh review can nail the coffin shut.
This helps account for the uniformity in the books that top all these lists--books by brand-name or celebrity authors, inspirational and self-help books.
Planning has "costs" and you need to be seen as an organization that understands those costs and is willing to help grantees and other stakeholders with some of the planning costs.
6. Would Jordan have helped Monica get a job at Revlon if he knew a) she was about to perjure herself at his request and b) his help could be construed as a bribe to facilitate the perjury?
We heard again and again that the money for assistance is allocated so rigidly that, on the ground, one U.S. agency often cannot improvise or pitch in to help another agency, even in small ways when a few thousand dollars could make a great difference.
Mr. Chairman, I am also proud of GAO's accomplishments in supporting the Congress and helping improve the performance and accountability of government for the benefit of the American people.
"If he had spent time in the archives," says van Pelt, "he would have found evidence about ventilation systems, ways to introduce Zyclon B into these buildings--but of course I don't think he knows German so it wouldn't have helped very much."
Still, when problems crop up after the wedding, you can go to "The Marriage Toolbox," which derides the outdated advice of yesteryear's home-economics textbooks in favor of an online "journaling" technique that helps you release your inner kvetch.
Center could help you defend yourself in court
SRF and TCF have been shown to form a ternary complex at the SRE in vitro . We as yet have not been able to observe a ternary complex between SRF and p35-C/EBPβ at the SRE in vitro . The mechanisms of SRE transactivation described above may help to explain the in vitro results.
If we keep our prices low, we need to come to you, our audience members, to ask for a small contribution in order to help us meet this mission.
The substrate-binding model showed that Tyr228 in L1 was position-conserved with Asn233 in the other crystallographically characterized metallo-β-lactamases [ 37 42 44 45 46 ] . Spencer and coworkers postulated that Tyr228 is part of an oxyanion hole that interacts with the β-lactam carbonyl on substrate and helps to stabilize the putative tetrahedral intermediate formed during substrate turnover [ 37 ] . To test this hypothesis, Tyr228 was changed to an alanine and to a phenylalanine to afford the Y228A and Y228F mutants, respectively.
1 This guidance will help you to design a data reliability assessment appropriate for the purposes of the engagement and then to evaluate the results of the assessment.
Forbes : Flat tax would help stay-at-home moms.
Clinton proposed new tax credits for college tuition payments (up to $10,000 per family), a $1 minimum-wage increase, a plan for Medicare to cover prescription drugs, $1 billion in tax incentives to help spur the development of vaccines for poor nations, photo licenses and safety tests for gun owners, and more than $3 billion in education spending, including $1 billion for Head Start.
"Electing Republicans is a way [voters] can punish Clinton," says a strategist who helped design the commercials.
This forum served to help inform the GAO's work and other efforts to support the Congress, including our efforts that helped lead to the eventual passage of the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation.
Nor can the Kosovo campaign be called "Albright's war," even though it was the utter failure of her attempted diplomacy at Rambouillet (along with the failure of her one-time rival Richard Holbrooke in Belgrade) that helped to precipitate the current conflict.
Further mapping of the RNA sequence within VLE that binds Prrp, and possibly DAZAP1, may help to identify the natural substrates of DAZAP1.
It also helps if you can send your husband on Larry King Live to grovel before the nation, as Frank did.
The museum authorities have made heroic efforts to help you find your way through the labyrinth.
Maybe you can help with this problem.
Thank you again for helping point the way.
The NMCC would keep the FAA hijack coordinator up to date and help the FAA centers coordinate directly with the military.
Culturebox can't help but think that the mayor and the "Sensation" artists deserve one another, since they share a common goal of drawing as much attention to themselves as possible.
The example I know best is that of the chat rooms devoted to particular stocks, which were supposed to be informative, illuminating places, filled with like-minded investors trying to help each other and educate each other about stocks.
Poor word choice or obituary humor ? Sunday's NYT carried the obit of Paul G. Hearne, wheel-chair-bound his whole life but a tireless advocate for the disabled who, among other accomplishments, helped write the Americans With Disabilities Act.
I am sure you are aware that Girl Scouting provides programs which help girls to develop values, contribute to their society, and develop to their own potential.
8) The common currency will help global corporations while stripping each European nation of its power to make its own destiny.
Elegant monologues don't help an audience bond with a movie, however.
But the U.S. government must build the capacities to prevent a 9/11-scale plot from succeeding, and those capabilities will help greatly to cope with lesser but still devastating attacks.
GAO examines the use of public funds; evaluates federal programs and policies; and provides analyses, recommendations, and other assistance to help Congress make informed oversight, policy, and funding decisions.
To help ensure the success of GPRA, the CFO Council, which the CFO Act created to provide the leadership foundation necessary to effectively carry out the Chief Financial Officers' responsibilities, established a GPRA Implementation Committee.
Jones' lawyers were disappointed, being left in the position, observes the NYT , of not being able to use evidence their case helped flush out.
The first bras simply flattened the bosom with a band, to help create a radically immature-looking female form.
Specific CD98-integrin interaction occurs in the context of low density protein-lipid microdomains, possibly resembling lipid rafts [ 34 35 ] . Several important signaling molecules, including activated TCR, LAT and LCK are present in organized raft-type microdomains, and integrity of these microdomains is necessary for T cell receptor signal transduction [ 36 37 ] . Our present discovery that β1 integrins specifically associate with CD98 in lipid microdomains helps to explain the functional connections between β1 integrins and CD98 during T cell costimulation, monocyte fusion, and elsewhere.
And while the comparison may be a bit facile, it helps illuminate the crucial point about revisionist interpretations of Asia, which is that they fail to recognize that one can believe in the virtues of the market while still understanding that markets sometimes fail.
This is free money that only you can help the IRT obtain.
On the other hand, unknown protein(s) may function to stabilize sα i2 and help direct it to Golgi membranes.
The fight over whether détente helped win the Cold War is not simply academic.
The day will come when your sib will see things clearly for herself, and her loving sister will be there to help her pick up the pieces.
A fecal exposure composite variable was created from two questions: sex partner with diarrhea, and touching anything soiled with feces or helping someone with toileting.
It makes sense only in the context of Republican presidential politics--that is, such extreme positions can rally the hard-core faithful who vote in primaries, and thus help a candidate gain the nomination, but will only be a curse once the general election rolls around.
During this period, Nashiri also led a plot to smuggle four Russian-made antitank missiles into Saudi Arabia from Yemen in early 1998 and helped an embassy bombing operative obtain a Yemeni passport.
That is unfair and harms her ability to help us all later.
To be sure, Gore was demagogic, gimmicky, and condescending at times--he can't help it.
Lake County's self-help center will help pro se litigants locate those resources and apply them to their cases, proponents said.
These credits help reduce an individual's or business' overall state tax liability.
In this regard, Texas A&M University has recently formed a new Center for Continuous Auditing involving a consortium of over 12 leading universities and others to help address these issues.
We have a hijacked aircraft headed towards New York, and we need you guys to, we need someone to scramble some F-16s or something up there, help us out.
Gorney gives us a fascinating glimpse, for example, of the involvement of the clergy in helping women obtain illegal abortions in the late '60s.
She has joined a gym and has hired a $75 an hour personal trainer to help her peel off 55 pounds, reports the Star . Now imagine how much more happiness and how much less heartache there would be in the world if only Jerry Seinfeld liked full-figured gals, and Monica Lewinsky, not Jessica Sklar, had joined the Reebok Sports Club.
Good luck in your mission to help your nieces--and your sister.
So, if the candidates are going to make a big issue about helping those who are falling behind, I would like to hear their views about how many there are.
Forename fails to help with the problem of those countries where the given name is always placed last.
Tepid reviews for this romantic comedy by Nicholas Hytner ( The Madness of King George ) about a pregnant woman (Jennifer Aniston) who wants her gay roommate (Paul Rudd) to help raise her child.
You can linger by the side of the bay and hope they come to you, get in the water and swim with them, or spend a day as an assistant trainer and help the staff care for these gentle creatures.
Reasonably obvious, I say, though we are helped if we recall that among Christopher Fry's other norm-defying titles ( A Yard of Sun, Thor with Angels, A Sleep of Prisoners ) there was The Lady's Not for Burning , 1949.
Periodic comparison of resources with the recorded accountability should be made to help reduce the risk of errors, fraud, misuse, or unauthorized alteration.
Keep Indianapolis Beautiful is an organization that helps us do that."
If she is determined to do that, you can help her; otherwise, you can't.
Provide training, tools, and methods to help retain expertise, including
The completion in 2001 of a laborious 20-year restoration helped remove centuries of deterioration and clumsy restoration since it was completed in 1497.
Please help the American Cancer Society continue its vital work.
Excellent notices all around for this "psychological thriller that actually thrills" about a "sad little hamster of a boy" (Schwarzbaum, Entertainment Weekly ) who sees visions of dead people and the psychologist (Bruce Willis cast against type) determined to help him.
The rote-learning educational system is still failing to help students develop the individual analytical and problem-solving skills required in the information age.
Your support helps the Society maintain quality care of animal and plant collections and to conduct important research on rare species including those in the Species Survival Plan.
GAO is uniquely positioned to help the Congress examine what government does and how government does business-by attacking known areas of fraud, waste, abuse, and mismanagement; reassessing how government provides services; improving the performance and accountability of government agencies; and preparing for the government's longterm challenges.
To enhance the technical skills of their security administrators and help ensure that all of them had the minimal skills needed, most of the groups had established special training sessions for them.
a) Relied on iffy legalisms to help Clinton escape trouble.
Then use the enclosed donor reply card to let us know how you can help.
While the credibility of the study is enhanced through the facilitating faculty's 2 years of EDP field experience, member checking - reviews from the participating residents - and independent peer examination would have increased validity [ 25 ] . More purposive sampling governed by emerging insights would have helped to clarify details of the promising themes.
The pose of the wronged but ever-faithful wife also helps Hillary Clinton in two other ways.
Please help me: White House or no White House?
Lured by the promise of treasure galleons and stores of ammunition, some pirates worked independently; others, however, were employed by the various European crowns, particularly the British, to help carry on their power struggles in the colonial world.
When one such officer inspected the cadets at a public school (Lancing) in 1919, the sixteen-year-old Evelyn Waugh helped to organize the dropping of rifles as a demonstration against the man's accent.
Granting a special franchise to the Crescent City Slaughter-House Company was simply an illustration of a general authority to help some citizens and hurt others—all within the state.
Comparative studies also help us to identify model systems that are perhaps better suited than more common ones to answer difficult biological questions.
Our sensitive measurements of the large non-circular forms of the chromosome - which should be able to detect one ds break out of 4 million bp - provided unique sets of data that would help in further elucidating the mechanisms of chromosome double-strand break repair.
Al Qaeda helped Jemaah Islamiya (JI), a nascent organization headed by Indonesian Islamists with cells scattered across Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, and the Philippines.
Clinton would serve as a constant reminder of the GOP effort to oust her husband," observes the Wall Street Journal . She "could help drive Democratic voters to the polls," sweeping several of New York's congressional Republicans out of office.
Because you're a man and you come forward and you can help so many men.
Your gift, and the doubling of these dollars through the two challenge matches will help us reach this goal.
In the cover blurb, to help sell books, she teasingly suggests that she had an affair with Placido Domingo.
The Times found "no sign that political influence helped Bush along," and the News adds, "Officers who supervised Mr. Bush and approved his admission to the Guard said they were never contacted by anyone on Mr. Bush's behalf."
You will need more than a little imagination to re-enact the scene of 1,600–1,700 years ago from the knee-high rubble, but you will ﬁnd help in the small museum attached to the site.
helps London more than it helps Washington.
If she were always available online instead of just in the social room after Shabbat services, she could help more people and, at $3 an endorsement, help herself.
If the poorer households, motivated by the similar urge for a peaceful nights sleep as their richer counterparts, insist on paying out of pocket for the relatively more expensive protective methods, then it is easy to see that just the act of attempting to prevent mosquitoes from biting may be helping to keep these households from improving their well-being as well as their health status.
Your support of Social Health Association can help us make a real difference in the lives of our children.
The authors...explore ...the idea that language shapes individual lives—that through our speech we all help recreate gender divisions in society.
Zucker remembered the elation he felt in law school, when he helped resolve a landlord-tenant dispute while volunteering at a legal aid program.
When analysts call, looking for information that will help their clients and only their clients, companies should just say, "Buzz off.
A rough hypothetical biological example may help understand market clearing in a more relaxed formal framework than general competitive equilibrium.
To help him celebrate I have arranged to surprise him with a special gift in Phoenix.
Officials insist the exchanges help dispel Chinese perceptions of American military weakness and give our guys a peek at China's military.
In the following two years, the Pakistani government tried to walk the fence, helping against al Qaeda while seeking to avoid a larger confrontation withTaliban remnants and other Islamic extremists.
The transition from communism to capitalism has not been easy, as all the former Eastern bloc states have found, but Hungary, at least, has a significant share of Western investments to help support its rather fragile economy.
A Kentucky Derby article explains why racehorses aren't getting faster: Unlike humans, horses are such superb athletes that training doesn't help them.
The strength of the edges detected is also controlled with this detection system, which helps to enhance precision.
Salber et al [ 15 ] have identified additional functions of the lay health advisor that include strengthening professionals' ties with the community, channeling knowledge to and from the community, bidirectional education of community members on the role and function of the health care system and of professionals about the lay advising system, informing the community about available resources, improving the helper's role in helping others and helping the community to better cope with health care problems.
In looking back at the last decade, we at the Indianapolis Zoological Society (IZS) wish to express our sincere thanks to all companies who have helped us to achieve so many successes at the Indianapolis Zoo and White River Gardens.
When the concern about kids and "porn" became pressing, many said a perfect solution would be code that helped filter content on the Net.
He will know to try to avoid exacerbating your condition and may be able to help alleviate it by sympathetic and understanding behavior.
Clinton is now itching to help Russia finish a missile-tracking radar in Siberia.
One new compound that will help clarify the role of nm-myosinII is blebbistatin [ 32 ] . Other small molecules wait to be found and experiments using them will continuously refine our understanding of the leading edge and the mechanism of action of these compounds.
Given the recent transfer of power in Jordan, the upcoming Israeli elections, and his self-imposed May 4 deadline for declaring a Palestinian state, the link with Jordan could help Arafat consolidate ever-slippery support among his various constituencies, Israel, and the United States.
If you would like to help us reach our goal, we have enclosed a pledge card for your convenience.
Through the year, we also offer a number of different programs -- including scouting, basketball and after-school activities -- to help children develop talents, character and self-esteem.
He is applauded for helping to cobble together the Dayton Peace Accords that ended the Bosnian War.
The Web site features a search engine to help you locate documents using key words and phrases.
In the preamble to the proposed rule, it was noted that the rule would help the significant majority of families that seek to discourage their children from using cigarettes and smokeless tobacco.
Knowing the particulars of each area, helps you select a place to stay that best fits your preferences.
"[A]fter all, terror has helped to win them office in part of the United Kingdom."
And Hill was not too horrified to follow Thomas' rising star from the Department of Education to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), nor to keep in touch with Thomas in subsequent years--getting him to write a letter of recommendation that helped her land a law teaching job, phoning him repeatedly, inviting him to make an appearance at the law school, and more.
It's unclear, says the LAT what will happen to the measure in the House, where Republicans are divided: some want to help agribusiness hiring, while others worry that workers brought in tend to stay illegally.
This paper will help, in part, to fill the knowledge gaps.
Based on these findings, it is apparent that a better understanding of the mechanisms regulating ECAM expression, especially that of MAdCAM-1, might help to devise improved therapies for colitis.
Your tax deductible contribution will help honor a man who devoted a lifetime of service to Indiana University and to dentistry.
By the end of the book, when you're being advised to join a support group to help you resist the urge to have a normal conversation with your boyfriend, the whole enterprise has a distinctly cultish flavor.
The reason societies with democratic governments are better places to live in than their alternatives isn't because of some goodness intrinsic to democracy, but because its hopeless inefficiency helps blunt the basic potential for evil.
Ways you can help The following is a list of ways your can participate in the success of the DBA.
"Choice may not be the panacea for all our nation's education ills," he said in a speech on the Senate floor, "but we cannot afford not to take an honest look at whether more options would help kids who today are trapped in the worst schools in our poorest areas."
The reason is the fear that, for the purposes of reapportionment and federal revenue distribution, the techniques will help Democrats artificially inflate the numbers of traditionally Democratic minorities and city dwellers, who are hard to reach by traditional head-counting methods.
Companies offer dark, quiet nap rooms, reasoning that midday naps help workers maintain focus.
Some of its residents are descendants of the valiant laborers who helped build the Canadian Pacific Railway.
He reportedly denied that the money was a bribe and said it went toward helping sport in Kenya and Uganda.
I couldn't help imagining a life-size dancing mascot.
Please help.
A little background information on the major forms of faith may help.
In 1998, CDC officially announced the establishment of PulseNet, a national network of public health laboratories that helps epidemiologists rapidly identify clusters of foodborne illness and alerts others in the surrounding geographic area and throughout the country regarding a possible outbreak.
The president might be undone by the possible discrepancies between his testimony (helping Monica was Betty Currie's idea) and Vernon Jordan's (the "helping Monica" idea came via Currie, but it was originally Clinton's) (Liasson, Fox News Sunday ). Or by the deposition to be released by Jones' lawyers (Bill Kristol, This Week ). Or by Kathleen Willey's testimony--that Clinton placed her hand on his erect, but clothed, penis (Fred Barnes, McLaughlin Group ). Or by Starr's star witness, former Arkansas Gov.
Settling the Jones case would have helped him too (avoiding the whole perjury issue).
Oh, did you see in the New York Times that daddy is finally helping out with the kids?
A robust economy helps by providing job opportunities, but to be honest, most of the people who aren't working today are quite simply the ones who face the greatest obstacles.
You can help them to know that feeling.
For every dollar donated to Goodwill in 1998, we helped our "graduates" earn an estimated $102.
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center, a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs.
We help people train for and find jobs that make it possible for them to get off of welfare.
To help them establish themselves in the community, the Pleasant Run Emancipation fund was begun in 1993 by private donors who wanted to provide a measure of financial support for those leaving our programs.
Then the task was to help children who lost parents in the Civil War.
It can help purchase clothing, school supplies, books and educational tools throughout the year.
Can you help support this wonderful event by furnishing any type of products or services that can be used as prizes for our activities or as a raffle prize?
Two of them told me yesterday that as a group they decided they had to earn the right to ask others for help by accomplishing something real to help themselves.
This in turn will help us to increase and even improve the services we offer.
Recently, through a lot of hard work and alliances with organizations like yours, some steps have been taken in our community that will help young people continue to be involved in positive activities.
Big Sisters helps fill that void by matching caring, responsible adult volunteers with at-risk girls, ages 8-14.
But he insisted the international community can do a much better job in helping Iraq deal with its economic and health problems.
When Democrats wonder why there is so much resentment of Clinton, they don't need to look much further than the Big Lie about philandering that Stephanopoulos, Carville (and a cooperative campaign press corps) helped to put over in 1992.
They concluded that if Pakistan decided not to help the United States, it too would be at risk.
A chutzpanik may be defined as the man who shouts `Help! Help!' while beating you up.”
I took this decision because I do not have any child that will inherit This money and my husband relatives are not inclined to helping poor Persons and I do not want my husband's hard earned money to be misused Or spent in the manner in which my late husband did not specify.
Once you agree to help us move this fund, we will link you up with our late father's lawyer who endorsed his signatures during the day my father was depositing the fund so that he can brief you more better.
If you have the fear of God Almighty and believe that you can help me please respond to this mail include with your direct telephone number and also try to call me for more details.
Womenopause was written to help the over six thousand women reaching menopause in America every single day, and Drs.
He helped me out with Spanish and stuff.
He opens my door for me and helps me inside.
Well Peyton, I need help finding my first block..
During that time, the panel said, Torricelli and members of his Senate staff took a series of actions to help Chang, contacting U.S. government officials, writing letters to foreign government officials and bringing Chang or his business representatives into meetings with foreign officials.
Your friends will love you for it and you’ll be helping AMC and its stewardship of the environment with each gift you give.
And of course, your support will enable Audubon to stand ready to act whenever a wildlife crisis emerges --like the USDA’s bird poisoning proposal that I’m asking you to help us defeat today!
In the process of learning the ropes, individuals are socialised and begin to make key contacts that help progress them to the next stages of their career.
To repeal this unconscionable law, Defenders must help provide our friends in Alaska -- Alaskans For Wildlife — with the resources necessary to win at the polls in November.
Please help save Alaska’s wolves by doing these two things: 1.
Thus, well-designed national cap and trade programs can help use government resources and taxpayer dollars more efficiently at both the state and federal level.
ars of deregulation and reliance on self-regulation by financial institutions, championed by former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan and others, supported by successive administrations and Congresses, and actively pushed by the powerful financial industry at every turn, had stripped away key safeguards, which could have helped avoid catastrophe. This approach 
the guide does I’ve helped sponsor dramatically improve the lives of the men and women who receive them.
It’s all something you can’t help; it all comes to you… It’s internal, you can’t help it” (Woods).
He invited all his neighbours to come over and help him.
If you could give $20 or more, I can promise we’ll use your money to help animals start new, happier lives.
Will your gift really help?
My girlfriend has disappeared, I don’t even know where to start looking, and I need help!
“Nathan, you told me five minutes ago that you would do anything to help Rachel.
“That should help,” he said.
Old technology was not replaced, obsolete methods were not updated, and almost none of the industry’s profits were being utilized to help modernize.
In some instances, small companies would express interest in helping the movement or in relocating their business in the area, but because of regional pride no one could ever agree where the new businesses should relocate.
Send me a direct message if you'd like to help beta-test the new website.
Testing Friends Network www.Dargens.com:3000 - going to be great when finished - twitter with wings Going to Pizza or Rails in about 30 mins great news today to hear that host Paul Birch has sold what he helped to found to AOL for $850m Korg Stylus-Controlled Tablet Synth for Nintendo DS: DS-10: ?????????????????
Indians help Africa's leather trade whip recession http://r.reuters.com/nec24c is wondering whether marketers are helping drive CSR (reputation) or just communicating it?
To help you choose a nightlife scene, pick up a copy of Hong Kong Tourist Authority’s dining and entertainment guide for listings, or just simply wander through the maze of neon signs and take your pick.
Also, substantially lower Dutch corporate tax rates helped the company keep its tax outlay flat relative to earnings growth, the company added.
Knowing this can help workers understand that some combination of revenue increases and benefit reductions will be necessary to restore the program's long-term solvency.
Whether his words did the trick or not, the author could not help but enjoy hearing them enter into the deliberations.
In addition to expanding the amount of legal help available, the center, because of its location near the Probate Court, will allow for that help to be more readily accessible.
By 1990, the program's work mainly involved helping people with food stamps, housing, health care and other basic needs.
I have never attacked psychotherapy, by which I mean the general enterprise of helping people talk through their anxieties and face the difficulties in their immediate circumstances.
It is more likely they will talk about help in building churches and developing stronger links with their co-religionists overseas.
In his insistent quest for "meaning in life," Bettelheim was nearly impossible to pin down, and the addition of so many slippery stories certainly doesn't help.
The NYT adds the news that Iraqi scientists were helping with the nerve gas-related production at the factory that was hit as well as at another one a few miles away.
12 Robert Rubin and the International Monetary Fund: Blame goes to Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin and the IMF for not helping the East Asian nations stabilize their currency the way the United States and the IMF came to Mexico's aid during the 1994 peso crisis.
They were good neighbors, but, well, I got blue eyes, so I guess that helps."
The Third Worlders share most of the concerns of the Liberal Humanitarians but are particularly hawkish about helping groups traditionally shunned by the West, notably Africans and Muslims.
(Sheriff Charles Laux, who is not named in the film, wanted to know why Brandon was masquerading as a man and asked him if he'd helped one of the rapists get an erection.)
It was then that I decided the American consumer needed help battling the forces of corporate arrogance.
Motassadeq would help conceal the Hamburg group's trip to Afghanistan in late 1999.
The AMA hoped the would help the company's bottom line, and not cause it embarrassment.
Thank you for your continued financial support, and for remaining alert for neighbors who need a helping hand.
Support from the Chancellor's Circle can help us take advantage of such emerging options.
The money is then used to help cover the costs of everything from Black Hawk helicopters to White House spinners.
Through the competition process, our work with state justice communities and with TIG funding, LSC helps grantees meet critical training needs.
These interesting amalgams help to make Egypt such a fascinating destination to visit.
Nine Florida hospitals now offer to take blood samples from newborns, to help with prompt identification if the child is eventually murdered.
When small firms and solos do use technology to help smaller clients, the resulting publicity can generate much good will.
Today's Papers can't help but notice that this story includes far more detail about methods of extinguishing life than any of the stories about that anti-abortion web site.
She wanted to help people, but did not know exactly how.
The images flow thick: Whitman, baseball cap and all, mingling easily at what looks like a transportation event ("what she does, she does to help New Jersey"); Whitman behind a sign that trumpets her "Work First" program, then a shot of her hugging a politically correct mix of kids ("she loves this state").
He's really running on the idea of helping poor people--"strengthening the weak" and "challenging the strong" and spreading the new stock-market prosperity to the least among us.
As mentioned throughout this testimony, GAO is utilizing its strategic plan to help the Congress, the executive branch, and itself confront the many current and emerging complex issues facing the American people.
Some are generic in nature and are intended to help people anticipate and cope with change and ensure that every person in the organization understands the need for change.
These increases are significant because, observes the Times , Congress and the Clinton administration had been counting on managed care to help contain Medicare costs.
Instead, Sullivan explained, the "coffees were a tool in helping us motivate and energize the people that we needed to motivate and energize to help us raise the $130 million that we wanted to raise."
But he needs help."
2) Franzoni worked with Punch Productions for six to eight months as a writer on the "Echo of Lions Project" while Punch was licensed to use Chase-Riboud's book and helped pitch this project to Warner Bros.
And in my experience, people who complain about people who are helping animals are usually not helping anyone at all!
Massoud appeared committed to helping the United States collect intelligence on Bin Ladin's activities and whereabouts and agreed to try to capture him if the opportunity arose.
The Washington-based think tank assembled a panel of election lawyers, federal regulators, Internet political consultants, academics, journalists (including this writer), and others to devise recommendations to help Congress and the Federal Election Commission revise laws for Internet campaigning.
If the number is familiar to you, this may help to decide which way you're going to play it.
The writer notes that the Times could help in this regard, since it has run stories apparently benefiting from leaked information relating to grand jury testimony.
According to VBA officials, the scorecard helps employees understand how they can affect the results of the organization.
You might say that Stephanopoulos helped invent the philander-protection techniques that seem to have made Clinton so overconfident of his ability to not get caught.
Numerous officers responded in order to help injured civilians and to urge those who could walk to vacate the area immediately.
Children's Harbor is working with many of these children and their families to help them cope with the changes brought on by a chronic illness and to help them lead productive lives both now and in the future
He stayed on in the White House after Nixon resigned in hopes that Gerald Ford might nominate him ambassador to South Africa, a position that would allow him help forestall what he once called the "idiotic" idea of one-man, one-vote.
It is likely that as the X-ray crystal structures of APNs are solved, structural alignments of APNs will help resolve the specificity-determining regions more accurately.
The meticulous planning that helped the country to rise from the ashes of World War II to become the world’s second largest economic power has in the 1990s created a prolonged slump.
When Jack's apartment mysteriously explodes--along with his carefully chosen IKEA furniture--he moves into Tyler's squalid warehouse and helps to found a new religion: Fight Club, in which young males gather after hours in the basement of a nightclub to pound one another (and be pounded) to a bloody pulp.
They are not to be used to help a family "manage" their mother or help a doctor or nursing home get permission for a pill or procedure they feel is in the best interest of a patient.
' So as to leave no possible doubt, I checked on rosso and got `red,' as in il mar Rosso . Can you help explain that one, Mr. Vercambre?
'" Not just the DCI but the entire executive branch needed help from Congress in addressing the questions of counterterrorism strategy and policy, looking past day-to-day concerns.
WCH helped create analytic files and analyze the data.
Insofar as Java makes "the network is the computer" seem true, it helps Sun.
By offering "electability" as his chief selling point, Alexander helped make the case for Bush.
Fouad Ajami helps explain this riddle--and many others--in his new book, The Dream Palace of the Arabs . Ajami, a Lebanese Shiite who now heads Middle East studies at Johns Hopkins University, offers a haunting portrait of a generation of Arab intellectuals forced to come to terms with the West.
Chrysler's elaborate system of dealerships might, in theory, help Mercedes crack the U.S. market, where its share is now less than 1 percent.
Chatterbox already knew Fannie Mae was one of the last great Washington rackets--a place where ordinary, competent, well-connected politicos and lawyers get to earn astronomical, Gordon Gekko-like sums (Johnson made an estimated $7.2 million in 1996) while working to preserve the government favors that help this ostensibly private, for-profit enterprise earn $3 billion or so a year.
Make clear that you are willing to be emotionally supportive if she makes efforts to help herself but that financially you are unable to have her as a dependent.
What can we as a nation really do to help the poor and the left out?
" Apparently, in Culturebox's eyes, if "we imagine ourselves to be" rational, sensible creatures capable of distinguishing between biological drives and moral imperatives, it won't help us one bit--we'll still be compelled by our natures to view objective descriptions of those drives as moral justifications for giving in to them.
and Israeli intelligence and diplomats" were helping to track down Ocalan.
The U.S. was also able to borrow from abroad to help finance domestic investment, as discussed further below.
[ 10 ] A fundamental theme of pediatric hypnosis is to help children develop their own abilities and ownership of self-regulation strategies.
Clinton, one of the more reform-minded governors at the Charlottesville conference, tried to establish national standards to help achieve the Charlottesville goals when he became president.
Please help us help them.
A friend of mine who's a theater director recently told me that I should tell another friend of mine who's a speechwriter for Bradley that he, the director, would like to help coach the candidate in big-audience performing skills.
A l-Khaleej , a daily from the United Arab Emirates, claimed Thursday that the United States helped Turkey capture its most wanted man, the Kurdish leader Abdullah Ocalan, in exchange for Turkey abandoning its policy of rapprochement with Iraq.
Despite his quick climb up the legal ladder, Bailey has always found time to help out in causes he feels strongly about.
Many grandparents need help on custody issues.
He's a good president because he feels his pain--the pain of steering the world through this chaotic period of realignment, when all he really wants to do is help his daughter with her homework and smooch with his wife.
Some agencies identified situations in which new positions of authority could help benefit operations.
Other promising technology initiatives include the CalJustice Technology Project of the Public Interest Clearinghouse, which focuses on increasing client access to the judicial system through the development of an artificial intelligence-based tool to help advocates quickly spot issues in and strategize about cases.
The Chiropractic Mercy Center Consensus Conference held in January 1993 identified and rated the value of various measurement instruments related to spinal joint functional assessment that could be used as reference standards [ 43 ] . Based on their critical review of the literature, Troyanovich and Harrison [ 44 ] suggested postural assessment instruments and radiographic measurement as valid, reliable and clinically useful objective measurement tools to help identify dysfunctional spinal vertebral joints.
Offering no self-justification is the Globe --which earlier this year helped arrange the one-afternoon stand that's turned into a cottage industry: the one between surgically enhanced former flight attendant Suzen Johnson and football commentator Frank Gifford, perhaps now better known as the cheating husband of talk-show host Kathie Lee.
The industry now plans to strengthen warnings that children should be kept, appropriately harnessed, in the back seat, where they will be neither helped nor harmed by air bags.
They helped him politically just as Princess Diana's bouts of bulimia helped transform her into "the people's princess."
McAuliffe is seen as a new breed of entrepreneurial fund-raisers who leverage their services not to obtain cushy ambassadorial posts or lobbyist clout but to help fuel telecommunications, banking, and real-estate business deals.
Courtney B. Vance shows up as an officious homicide detective from a nearby city who finds Holly Springs' lazy informality irritating, but none of the women wants to answer his queries: They want to flirt with him, and he can't help falling into their easy rhythms.
But while it's true that any fluoride toothpaste will do a fine job, certain clinical distinctions may help you choose your weapon.
Your gift to Goodwill will be used directly to support services that will help even more find jobs.
"They help people cope, help them seek redress for a grievance," Riggs said.
To build a worldclass finance organization and help achieve better business outcomes, each of the organizations we examined set an agenda for transforming the finance organization by defining a " shared vision" -i.e.
Rather, they were designed to help the researcher narrow their search from tens of thousands of gene candidates to several hundred or fewer that meet specific, but adjustable, criteria.
When Democrats wonder why there is so much resentment of Clinton, they don't need to look much further than the Big Lie about philandering that Stephanopoulos, Carville (and a cooperative campaign press corps) helped to put over in 1992.
The WSJ and the WP report that Kodak is set to announce a deal with AOL designed help the film manufacturer counteract inroads on its business being made by computerized photography: You bring your film into a Kodak authorized developer and the snaps are returned digitally to your AOL account.
They convey nothing about friendship or the self-fulfillment of helping a person in need.
It's questions like that that help me deal with the guilt.
Indeed, Dole's success at Ames arguably helps Bauer by giving Bush a semifinal contest.
Kavanagh about his late brother-in-law, Lord Milford: "He could not help having a creative laugh: unfeigned, joyous, it made you feel much funnier than you thought you were, which is among the kindest of social gifts."
In my testimony today, I will focus on two major issues that we believe the Congress should consider creating a new cabinet department principally dedicated to homeland security: (1) the national strategy and criteria needed to guide any reorganization of homeland security activities and to help evaluate which agencies and missions should be included in or left out of the new DHS; and (2) key issues related to the successful implementation of, and transition to, a new department, including leadership, cost and phasing, and other management challenges.
God help us.
This could help explain why NREMS delta power is chronically high in cry1,2 -/-mice.
The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to continue our mission of helping people prepare for, find and keep jobs.
Over the past 27 years, LSC has helped millions of low-income citizens solve important, sometimes life-threatening, civil legal problems.
Thanks in advance for your gift, and for helping us "Keep Indianapolis Beautiful!"
I am personally counting on your immediate support as a Charter Associate to help the Center expand its crucial role in preserving the American philanthropic tradition.
But even Carlson thinks Al Gore's un-glitzy, pro-test-ban TV ad was smart, and Susan Page ( Late Edition ) thinks Gore's pro-treaty stance will help him with women voters (who worry about nuclear apocalypse more than men) and Iowa Democrats (who have a lingering nuclear-freeze streak in them from the 1980s).
Your contribution last year of helped us get where we are today.
In 1965, when marchers were attacked in Selma, McPherson helped persuade LBJ to deploy the National Guard to protect them.
This will help them expand intake, such as allowing pro bono attorneys to do intake from their offices.
By contributing again this year, you will help insure we can continue our efforts to needy individuals in Central Indiana.
More than 1,000 individuals and some 1,000 organizations participate annually in courses and workshops offered by the Center's Fund Raising School, the only national university-based fund raising training program with an international reputation for helping organizations become leaders in ethical fund raising.
Since the 1980s, the conventional wisdom has been that Democrats who are too interested in helping poor people get their heads handed to them.
The eighth story on the page, behind "Helping Hand to Families of Convicts" and "Campaign Against Drugs to Continue," is the only Kuwaiti story to make most American papers: "Parliament Agrees To Discuss 'Urgent' Replacement Bill, Women's Decree Fails, 'Rights' Remain Alive."
Slowly, Web sites are emerging to serve them: Divorcelawinfo.com helps people educate themselves about divorce; MyCounsel.com is aimed at small businesses, and there are many others, including Nolo.com, which helps people help themselves, without a lawyer.
Here is the gedankenexperiment: Imagine an ordered set of blue mutant bacteria that secrete dierent amounts of the blue metabolite that helps the red bacteria.
But if Dole is attacking the Times because he is truly furious and not because he thinks it will help him get elected, what is he so angry about?
Contributions to the Chancellor's Circle have already been extraordinarily valuable to IUPUI and to Jerry: by helping to recruit a national expert in institutional planning, Trudy Banta, by bringing the advice of consultants on such topics as race relations and freshman retention, and by helping us to strengthen our ties with the community through participation in programs like WordStruck, Indiana's four-day festival of books and reading.
Further research is needed and families still need help.
Working through these problems can help clear the way for theTSA's screening improvements and would help many other agencies too.
Won't you help the WYCA provide a great summer for those kids?
GAO, Information Technology: A Model to Help
Individualized statements now sent annually by the Social Security Administration to most workers aged 25 and older provide important information for personal retirement planning, but knowing more about Social Security's financial status would help workers to understand how to view their personal benefit estimates.
Targeting Domestic Violence Center To Help Victims
• GAO, Information Technology: A Model to Help
They are the ones who are really dedicated to helping the poor."
The LAT reports on its front page that President Clinton announced yesterday that Los Angeles will be added to a computerized law enforcement tracking system that helps cops catch illegal gun traffickers by tracing guns sold to juveniles.
Former prosecutor Michael Mazzariello was finally doing the kind of legal work he'd always dreamed of, but after less than a year of helping East New York's poor, he's getting booted from the bodega he turned into an office.
There are folks willing to help.
An on-line version of this guidance, which will include tools that may help you in assessing reliability, is currently being developed.
Harry lived with the Clintons during the first month of Flytrap, urged the president to fight back at every turn, and helped script his denial of a Lewinsky affair.
DiClemente noted that some trials have found patients with more severe problems being helped; others have helped patients with more moderate problems.
Interacting with our faculty and their fellow, students, they develop skills and perspectives that will help them meet the complex challenges that face our society in the coming years.
The COO should be at an organizational level equivalent to the current deputies in major departments and agencies in order to help assure the effectiveness of this position.
I became so frustrated in 1985, I made a business of helping disabled veterans.
It can only help to diminish him.
The big, liberating ideas of the '70s and '80s have been absorbed--we are liberated up to here--and now the problem is one of application, of really careful work that helps us decide which wild and crazy ideas actually make sense or fit the facts.
You'll be joining the group doing so much to help save our threatened planet Earth.
The debate over Chernomyrdin's premiership centers on whether his policies of gradual reform helped postpone the breakdown or whether his chronic inaction led to the stagnation that ultimately destroyed the economy.
"There are people out there who are available to help anyone who has a problem.
we were able to help her through our pro bono program.
As a member of the Society your membership dollars help support important educational programs and activities in Indiana classrooms, museums and communities that preserve and promote our heritage.
(By the way, a May 16, 2001, article in The New York Times reports on a program at Boston Medical Center providing a walk-in legal clinic in the hospital to help fight their patients' legal and administrative battles.)
Capturing data on these other factors would have helped define their potential influence on resident responses.
This tragedy spurred him in his hazardous ricocheting between Belgrade, Zagreb, and Sarajevo and helped bring about better-late-than-never NATO airstrikes in 1995.
In 2001, Delaware Volunteer Legal Services helped more than 1,000 low-income defendants.
The distribution of metastases suggests skip lesions and peppering [ 3 5 6 ] . Predicting the lymphatic spread from cancer of the oral tongue can help in choosing the appropriate surgical procedure and may also help in predicting the outcome.
Your contribution will help with funding so Jameson Camp can continue providing the year-round camping experience that gives kids a chance to create dreams.
Realizing the seriousness of the problem helped motivate me to join with individuals like you who have helped to prevent needless suffering in our community by contributing to United Way of Central Indiana.
This assault, in turn, helped reignite the PUK's war with the KDP.
In Britain, the Times of London led Wednesday with a disclosure that 130 million pounds (some $210 million) in public money has been spent within the past year to help Indonesia buy British Hawk fighters.
A separate background value is calculated for each section to help correct for background that may be uneven.
Or who helps David learn important job skills that will enable him to become self-sufficient?
If applicants want to go that route, she recommended they get help from someone well-versed in business.
16 Benchmarking is a critical part of an effective improvement program because it helps an organization identify outstanding levels of performance that have actually been achieved.
Although borrowing from abroad helped finance additional investment, consumption rose more than domestic investment during the 1980s.
They can help decrease the pressure from family or others exhorting the patient to be more alert, energetic, and conversant.
The press seems to have largely bought the idea that Clinton's personal secretary Betty Currie has strongly denied the New York Times story of Feb. 6, which suggested that Clinton had called Currie into work on a Sunday to help shape her potential testimony about Monica Lewinsky.
You can help.
Understanding our areas of strength and weakness, he says, can provide more self-awareness and help users move to a "higher level of skill."
This effort (coordinated by the Online Computer Library Center) is assisted by standards for cataloging information . The Dewey Decimal System and the Library of Congress are both schemes that help guarantee that a book can be found the same way in different libraries.
To help you see how much your contribution means, I'm sharing with you The words of people who have lived Goodwill's mission.
Last year, Goodwill helped 3,300 people find jobs that increased their self-sufficiency.
She tells me that the 3,666 people we helped find jobs in 1998 earned approximately $49 million dollars.
Your gift to Goodwill will help the many people who want to tell their own stories of success.
The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to continue our mission of helping people prepare for, find and keep jobs.
Your support of Goodwill will provide job training and placement services to help the hardest to serve in central Indiana find meaningful employment.
Please take a few minutes to send a donation to help one or more of our children successfully cross that threshold into the future.
Please help us help them.
We are counting on you now to help us get where we need to be tomorrow.
You make it possible for us to help special kids with learning disabilities, behavior problems and economic disadvantages to gain the confidence required to put genuine effort into achieving real goals.
In 1998, MCCOY, Inc. led two efforts that, we believe, will help our community continue to take the steps necessary to help all young people grow up and develop well.
Big Sisters helps bridge that gap by providing children with the resources they need -- Big Sisters volunteers.
The Invest in Youth campaign helps insure this.
The new culture spread throughout the Mediterranean, helped by a huge increase in migration from the mainland to new settlements such as Carthage, a Greek city on the African coast of the Mediterranean.
Thousands of young women helped to build the church of God with their body, blood and bones when frenzied fathers, husbands or fiancés preferred to see them die by fire, sword or the fangs of wild beasts rather than live to flout [sic] the duty and destiny of womanhood.
So if you are looking for a SOLID team that can help you achieve your dreams at the comfort of your home then check out the following page.
particulars to the contact address or by calling the center phone number and tell them your story, these people are really helping us all scam victims
How can families do in their homes to help this cause?
For steps 4 and 5, we are here to help.
Since the bombing I feel very displaced and my husband and I would really like to come back to Houston and was wondering if you could help me.
Help me find one?
I scratched the pillowcase, making a soft sound to help distract myself.
Thanks to all for helping pull this together.
Henrietta Holsman Fore, the director of the U.S. Mint, who witnessed the sale, said, "The monies we receive will go toward helping to pay down the debt and to fight the war on terrorism.
Your historic words of support helped me keep fighting and successfully moving forward.
May God help us all.
Please USE them on your correspondence to help get our name in front of as many people as possible.
And your support will help sustain our innovative Audubon Refuge Keepers program, and maintain our own network of more than 100 wildlife centers and sanctuaries.
Alternatively, a person could wear very dark glasses, as light avoidance could help minimize the problems of light exposure at the wrong time of day or night.
Given the urgency of the situation in Alaska, Defenders needs your immediate assistance to help save Alaska’s wolves from same-day airborne land-and-shoot slaughter.
Here’s the projected budget breakdown: $35,000 — in-depth, state-wide survey conducted by a top pollster to determine voters’ positions on the ballot measure and arguments that will help persuade undecided voters.
And then, mail it back to us along with your emergency donation to help save Alaska’s wolves.
 our fellow citizens better understand this crisis and its causes, we also present specific conclusions at the end of chapters in Parts III, IV, and V of this report. The 
Because of the new legitimacy Las Vegas acquired from Hughes’ investments, established companies such as Hilton Hotels bought into the gaming business, and their influence helped draw a line in the desert sand between legitimate operations and mob casinos, where illegal skimming of profits was rampant.
And that’s where you can help.
If it's true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the OTHERS here for?
In truth, the SSA uses the money to pay for it's own overheads and the same misguided corporate welfare the IRS helps to mastermind.
I only accepted the offer to help fund the research we're doing in Montana.
I hope you enjoy using them as you correspond with your friends and family and help us spread the word to protect ocean wildlife.
You can help us spread our message to protect ocean wildlife by using the enclosed labels on all your correspondence.
“Nathan Spencer, I offer you help.
–Would you do us the kindness of helping us to identify an individual?”
Besides having the satisfaction of knowing that you are doing your part to help save our wildlife heritage, you will also receive some outstanding benefits of membership including: A one-year subscription to our beautiful full color magazine, NATIONAL WILDLIFE.
Marches, speeches, and letter writing were all employed to help stimulate the Campaign and rally the people.
We were arrested for trying to help *you*.
HCA wants to help.
That might help.
Take the step towards changing your life now with LiveFree Patches, guaranted to help you stop smoking and give you a new lease on life!
Tools are available, and volunteers will help with advice and knowledge.
Will you join us in this exciting mission ... and help keep the promise alive?
At the same time the Guild of Surgeons was learning about the physiology of the body at their meeting place in the Waag, helped by Antonie van Leeuwenhoek who had invented the microscope.
Those extra women will expand the supply of CEOs and help to drive down, or at least moderate, the currently obscene levels of CEO pay.
To help you see how much your contribution means, I'm sharing with you The words of people who have lived Goodwill's mission.
Jim is such a giving person, so committed to helping those less fortunate.
But the International Herald Tribune reported, with apparent surprise, that the euro, which Strauss-Kahn helped bring into being in January, has hardly moved on the foreign exchange markets.
(Some particularly enthusiastic, daft Sinatra fans credit him with Kennedy's 1960 election victory, claiming that Sinatra helped line up the Mob behind JFK.)
Can it be coincidence that the Star claims it was a "wacky seaweed therapy" that helped "hefty and hippy" Sophie Rhys-Jones drop 20 pounds before her recent wedding to Britain's Price Edward?
I couldn't help but work in a sports metaphor, which was the other maddening aspect of '96.
In addition, comprehensive, timely information on incidents can help federal and nonfederal analysis centers determine the nature of an attack, provide warnings, and advise on how to mitigate an imminent attack.
Creation of a new Family Division in the courts to handle family law matters and to be more responsive to the needs of pro se litigants, accompanied by simplification of court forms and hiring of a volunteer coordinator within the court system to promote the recruitment and training of volunteers to help pro se litigants.
But I try to help you.”
An important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis.
Support from the Century Club helps us continue to provide a progressive learning and working environment for our students, faculty and staff.
The White House helped itself with a brilliant outreach campaign that went around the sometimes surly Congressional Black Caucus and reached black voters directly through their ministers and churches.
[I]t may be the very irrelevance of royalty which has helped protect us from excesses of patriotic fervor," he wrote--comparing Australians favorably with Americans, who "have a cloying sentimentality about their history, their flag, their president and their system."
The transfer to Hamburg did not help Shehhi's academic progress; he was directed by the scholarship program administrators at the Emirati embassy to repeat his second semester starting in August 1998, but back in Bonn.
Instead, Sullivan explained, the "coffees were a tool in helping us motivate and energize the people that we needed to motivate and energize to help us raise the $130 million that we wanted to raise."
In that sense, you helped drive the story.
Scientists hope that investigating this process will help them learn more about ways of combating the disease.
I am a board member of SEND and would like to spend a few moments of your time in the near future to tell you, personally, about our programs and how you can help.
 we would have 26 million more workers helping to keep Social Security and Medicare solvent.)
Today we are asking you to take a few minutes to consider making a contribution to Pleasant Run to help the 1,500 children families we care for.
6 This analysis can help manufacturers allocate production among existing facilities.
Girl Scouting helps girls build nine personal assets which research has shown to be essential for children's healthy development and well being.
Keeping kids out of R-rated movies is not going to help.
Deacon Don, help!
The General Accounting Office, the investigative arm of Congress, exists to support Congress in meeting its constitutional responsibilities and to help improve the performance and accountability of the federal government for the American people.
...Painful, try helping prove you're delighted by supersentences that prevail.
That same year, it was investigated by the government on bribery charges related to F-16 sales, and fined $25 million for bribing an Egyptian minister to help arrange a $79 million sale of three transport planes.
When the news staff heard about the revenue-sharing deal and revolted, Downing gave assurances that the Staples Center hadn't helped sell ads.
(Predictably, it's helping.)
This may have something to do with its potassium, which helps maintain fluid balance and stop cramps.
As a senator, "I tried to help people where they lived their lives."
These results can help to elucidate the mechanism by which SHRs in general, and AR in particular, regulate gene expression.
But their support hasn't helped Forbes--in fact, it has made him more unelectable than ever.
"The Winter Sports Clinic helped Urban a lot", JoAnn said. "
Hambali accommodated KSM's requests to help several veterans whom KSM had just finished training in Karachi.
In my case, I know that the art has always been my weak point, which is why I developed a highly stylized drawing style (it also helps to set it apart from the donkey-and-elephant crowd of editorial cartoonists) and why I still take drawing lessons and study everything from old woodcuts to Cuban comics.
Enthusiasts of the capital-gains tax break believe it will help the economy by stimulating savings and investment.
That's good for safety, but rotten for functionality if you're trying to write a program to help people analyze their personal finances.
And please help us make our BAJ equal to the challenges of the 21st Century.
In return, the vice president occasionally helps them.
Please renew your annual gift to Indiana University School of Medicine, and help make dreams come true for generations to come.
In fact, they are among my favorite topics--after all, I helped found the field.
In a time of legislative budget cuts, every dollar helps to fund student programs and scholarships.
The primary purpose of the supervisor's approval of staff's travel vouchers is to help the certifying officer ensure that all claims are valid when certified.
CRK helped obtain research funding and supported data collection and analysis.
Further study is required to reveal how the multifunctional Net1 protein helps to ensure chromosome transmission fidelity.
Participants believed that information on best practices of boards would be useful to help to improve board operations.
For example, some executives may be tempted to accelerate income or expense recognition in ways that will serve to help them maximize their bonus compensation in the current or following year, respectively.
Please consider a gift of $25 or more to help insure that a Hamilton County child will be in safe, age appropriate activities before and after school.
Star Wars helped win the Cold War, convincing Mikhail Gorbachev that the Soviet Union could not compete.
A story about the development of HDTV contends that, contrary to laissez-faire dogma, government regulation can help private industry make better products.
The data should be plotted, both as a preliminary step to help detect problems and unsuspected trends or patterns in the responses, and as an aid in interpretation of the results.
We are counting on you now to help us get where we need to be tomorrow.
You can help make positive changes in the lives of at-risk youth in central Indiana.
However, to continue providing Healing Hearts, Changing Lives Elijah House is asking for a subscription payment of $J 5 per year to help offset publishing and mailing costs.
Please help me clear up my thoughts.
They were delegated the authority to determine applicants' eligibility, to approve up to $100,000 in public financial assistance, and to help to ensure that applicants are kept fully informed throughout the public assistance process.
This should include discretionary funds for expenditures by military units that often encounter opportunities to help the local population.
The following practices, commonly used by CIOs in leading organizations to build credibility, can also be considered and applied by CIOs in federal departments and agencies to better legitimize their positions and help ensure success in their individual business/cultural environments.
When you tried to help herGet out of the car or get from the car to the doorOr across the apartment house hall to the elevatorThere was a new sense of heavinessOr of inertia in the body.
He doesn't seem to think the Chinese reliance on Western markets, say, or Hong Kong's thirst for Western capital, can help keep trans-Pacific relations smooth.
Guided walks and special trails are mapped out for those intending to walk Mount Teide on Tenerife, and local tourist information offices may be able to help with trails in other national parks.
Grants Help Optimize Nonprofits' Ability to Aid Community Programs
Harrison Ford tries to help by looking anguished as he hits, kicks, and shoots his way to the final duel with Oldman.
The Times thinks that passage of such legislation would soften Senate resistance to the treaty and help align industrial and environmental goals.
Such reporting may provide information that could help report users assess the impact of the Government's operations and investments for the period.
Having read many cases in which you handled tricky situations very adeptly, I am hoping you can help me do the same with mine.
But the Madison Martian will gladly play the butt of a joke if it'll help him figure out the locals.
Your gift will help give new meaning to the word success -- for people who have seldom had reason to use the word.
So the question is, should the U.S. help both countries make their bombs safer?
After you read them, I hope you'll feel even more confident about the role you play in helping us help others.
Since its re-organization, MCCOY has established its unique niche within the community by refraining from direct service programming and focusing on what it does best: helping to identify youth needs, convening groups of individuals and organizations which can address those needs, and moving toward collaborative solutions.
But you should not be hostile, and you should be open to help her if she should turn to you later.
Steven E. Landsburg responds: I am deluged with e-mail from readers who want help understanding my column "Take This Simple Test."
Her husband, speaking to the camera and via voice-over, invites viewers to help: This isn't just about parents doing the best they can; everyone, young adults and seniors alike, can "make a difference."
This strategy also placed great emphasis on close relations with foreign liaison services, whose help was needed to gain information that the United States itself did not have the capacity to collect.
Jewish immigrants introduced modern agricultural technology , which increased productivity and helped fill the markets with food to feed the growing Arab population.
The governor of New Orleans, 23-year-old Don Bernardo de Gálvez, seized the chance to help the colonists in their struggle against George III, and led raiding parties that kept the British outposts along the Mississippi on the defensive.
Domestic violence survivors in Jackson, Vicksburg, Hattiesburg, Oxford and Pascagoula can all get help.
Closely related to gobbledygook, but more malicious, is doublespeak . In 1973, the National Council of Teachers of English established a Committee on Public Doublespeak to help identify and stamp out evasive and obfuscating terminology slithering out of public sources, such as “uncontrolled contact with the ground” for “airplane crash” and “inoperative statement” for “lie.”
In times of a downturn in the economy, they demonstrate a commitment by the full court, and by attorneys in Illinois, to assume responsibility for those unable to afford legal services and for those lawyers who need compassion and help."
We have created a Poor Patients Fund (PPF) in our hospital to help the economically deprived patients.
Thank you for helping make my education in dentistry an excellent one.
To help accomplish these goals we need your support.
Carlson warns that Wolf's advocacy of "heavy petting" and "onanism" will not help Gore's popularity, though it might spice up his campaign.
As I finished his book, I couldn't help but think, Wouldn't Rosen be a lot happier working as a union organizer or ward heeler than as a press critic?
Time also somewhat sleazily ends its anti-Willey piece by noting that a grant of immunity "may help protect [Willey] from prosecution in connection with any financial or tax improrieties," without ever saying what those improprieties might be. ...
Your one gift to United Way of Central Indiana supports 82 human service agencies that help people right here in central Indiana.
"I certainly think it helped sales of our detectors," says Mike Lupynec, the company's president and CEO.
It helps.
Your membership donation to LOGOS will help fund all these programs and more.
Still stinging from federal grant cuts, Kentucky Legal Aid's director is hoping the General Assembly will help heal the wounds.
Here we describe a procedure based on randomization that helps us select a reasonable cluster size.
In Morton's hands, Monica's is the same old tale of female victimization, but--just as she did before the Senate, thereby helping to forestall impeachment--she manages to shift the blame.
1 million loan helped Indonesia buy British engineering products.
Lawyer Eliot M. Wagonheim of Towson has designed a project that will benefit two Baltimore County law-related organizations and establish a fund for helping area firefighters who become disabled.
Please help us and participate this year so that the Class of '84 can defend the title at this year's All-Class Reunion on August 11th.
In a way, I think it has already helped Microsoft's image.
Gore's spin: She's a "valued adviser" who helps him connect with women and youth.
Others remained on the floor to help the injured and move victims who were unable to walk to the stairwell to aid their rescue.
Clinton can save Social Security, protect the environment, improve public schooling, and help elect Al Gore but, at the end of the day, the problem hasn't gone away.
It had at most one or two minutes to react to the unidentified plane approaching Washington, and the fighters were in the wrong place to be able to help.
Taken together, these reforms can help redirect an organization's culture from the traditional focus on inputs and activities to a new focus on defining missions and achieving results.
Attorneys working for Legal Services help about 50,000 people a year.
We thought we had some insights that would help to avert such failures in the future.
You help Jameson campers reach for them.
In addition, as we have seen in the case of various derivatives transactions involving Enron, Qwest and Global Crossing, sometimes bad actors join forces to help achieve their goals.
Well, PFC Menaker is here to tell you, "God help me, I do love it so."
The ads said the Arthritis Foundation "helped create" the pills, though it didn't.
A few months ago, Republicans turned this tactic on Gore, mocking his suggestion that he had helped "create the Internet."
Clinton said that expanding the program, which covers up to 70 percent of a family's rent, would particularly help 1) the homeless; 2) those moving from welfare to work; and 3) urban families that presently live far from jobs in higher-rent areas.
Khallad helped in Yemen until he was arrested in a case of mistaken identity and freed with Bin Ladin's help, as we also mentioned earlier.
He hopes a streamlined and more efficient network can be put in place to ensure that Floridians who need help have access to it.
After saying "we learn nothing" from current Darwinian theorizing about any "darkness" in human nature, he continues, "At the very most, biology might help us to delimit the environmental circumstances that tend to elicit one behavior rather than the other."
; having exploited an insecure person's lack of internal censors to help a network score a ratings coup, Walters turned blithely into Linda Tripp.
Bauer really has played a big role in helping put the China issue on the table, and he deserves credit for this.
Apart from the capital campaign that is now under way, Utah lawyers are making a major difference in helping increase access to justice.
When one of his fellow group members called Ed's parents to help put together a surprise party for him, his mother was shocked: "What?
For instance, the Congress may wish to provide the new department with "early out" and "buy out" authority in order to help quickly realign the component entities and provide for future flexibility.
So dismayed are professors and administrators at the poor quality of their students' speech, reports the Boston Globe , that a number of schools, from Smith College to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, are increasing classroom speaking requirements and offering electives to help students lose speech tics such as "whatever" and "you know."
Benefits resulting from GAO's recommendations included better public safety and consumer protection, more efficient and effective government operations and services, help in ensuring Year 2000 readiness, and improvements to computer security.
GM helped in analysing the data and critically reviewed the manuscript.
Analysts questioned whether her appearance before the commission, which was supposed to help revive her political career, might end up killing it.
If there were a package of interventions that providers could document and be reimbursed for, that would ease acceptance by practitioners and help institutionalize these new practices.
Strengthen Families -- Help victims of child abuse & neglect, answer crisis hotlines, prevent family violence & counsel the mentally ill;
In Van Nuys, officials last year established the Self-Help Legal Access Center, in which people can seek legal help from computers and volunteers.
Disaggregated survey data: Specific customer and employee feedback helps senior executives pinpoint actions to improve products and services for customers and to enhance employee satisfaction.
Various parties in the dispute blamed: 1) Ocalan, for causing thousands of deaths over the years; 2) Turkey, for suppressing the Kurds and barring Ocalan's lawyers from his upcoming trial; 3) Greece, for helping him evade capture; and 4) Israel, for allegedly facilitating his capture.
without the fluttering exuberance of his hands that come to rest, delicately, on my shoulders, as if to say: "Help tie the drawstring of my suit, shoulder my towel, fit these sandals to my feet and lead me to the pool
Last year, Goodwill helped 3,300 people find jobs that increased their self-sufficiency.
But the Army shows the process can work, and can help.
Ever wonder if congressional staffers help their bosses write their newspaper submissions?
Another big Democratic money raiser, Howard Glicken, also was helped by his sons.
GAO produced a set of four guides to help organizations confront the problem.
But can he help to repair Gertrude's shattered faith?
The practices were (1) demonstrating top leadership commitment; (2) engaging employee unions in making changes; (3) training employees to enhance their knowledge, skills, and abilities; (4) using employee teams to help accomplish agency missions; (5) involving employees in planning, and sharing performance information; and (6) delegating authorities to frontline employees.
PP helped in planning the study, collecting the data and writing the manuscript.
Another rhyming reduplication, mumbo jumbo, is probably borrowed from a word in African Mandingo: Mama Dyumbo was a deity who helped husbands to bewilder wives whom they suspected of talking too much.
Blackwell doesn't know if this self-dubbed Apostle has been sent by God or Satan (nor do we), but he trusts that the former will soon make that plain; in the meantime, he sets about helping E.F. to establish a parish.
UT law students will staff the center and conduct the initial interviews with clients to find out what their legal problems are and how they can be helped.
The leaders of the United States and the rulers of Saudi Arabia have long had friendly relations, rooted in fundamentally common interests against the Soviet Union during the Cold War, in American hopes that Saudi oil supplies would stabilize the supply and price of oil in world markets, and in Saudi hopes that America could help protect the Kingdom against foreign threats.
His article follows the launch of a British advertising campaign by Monsanto, the U.S.-based biotechnology company, arguing that such crops will help consumers and the environment.
We can help the school achieve this goal with donations to the 1993 Annual Fund.
(I'd prefer to help poor old folks by contributing to charities of my choice, but never mind.)
It's a given that strong familial relationships help keep kids on the straight path.
