Reality hit when he was unable to reconcile with his wife and ended up on the street.
The President wanted the United States to strike the Taliban, step back, wait to see if they got the message, and hit them hard if they did not.
The secretary said his instinct was to hit Saddam Hussein at the same time-not only Bin Ladin.
In Phase Two, air strikes and Special Operations attacks would hit key al Qaeda and Taliban targets.
It hits me as I fumble the keys for the door.
Seth rushed over, but as he leaned over her, something hit him in the back of the head.
for them while hitting three home runs, including one Tuesday night, and driving in four runs.
hit 18 home runs and drove in 57 runs.
In this case, the something in question was watching the wonderfully named Angel Pagan hit an inside-the-park home run and initiate a triple play in the same game.
on 9 June 1985 , I watched Terry Pendleton hit an inside-the-park grand slam off Joe Sambito in a game the Cardinals would go on to win handily.
I sometimes wish I could forget that Pendelton is the Braves hitting coach.
When you hit the trail, AMC Maine Mountain Guide and AMC Guide to Mount Desert Island and Included in your gift set: AMC Maine Mountain Guide, 7th edition AMC Guide to Mount Desert Island and Acadia National Park Quiet Water Canoe Guide: Maine (Retail value: $43.85)Holiday Price $29.95
An hour or two before bedtime, this signal subsides, and s/he realizes it's time to hit the pillow.
I hit him with the back of my hand.
But once we entered Detroit, the truth hit fast: this is a modern American ghost town.
Yes, it's standard stuff, and HER CROWD would have springboarded OFF of it, that's what I'm saying: As far as she's concerned, it's not a gaffe, and as far as HER SUPPORTERS in the room are concerned, it was not only NOT a gaffe, it was a Direct Hit.
hit, heavily indebted financial firms and families alike were walloped. The heavy debt taken on
Maybe we had all tired of the frivolity of our life, hitting some threshold or some breaking point.
Did you earn them through fantastic customer service, fulfilling the brand promise, providing value to the community in an authentic and passionate voice, or did you run a Facebook ad campaign and hit the broadcast airwaves with a promotion?
At approximately the same time, however, the barrel of bricks hit the ground and the bottom fell out of the barrel.
The Aggi replied, "Me be very, very quiet, me follow tracts, me shot, me get hit by train...
He missed the snake and hit the leg of the end table that was on one side of the sofa.
The next thing she knew, she was hit in the eye and knocked out cold.
Did you get hit by the same person?
Law of Probability Dispersal: Whatever it is that hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.
While waiting for it to hit bottom, a goat suddenly darted between them and leapt into the hole!
Whatever hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.
With every shovelful of dirt that hit his back, the donkey was doing something amazing.
Fill a blender with ice, hit the pulse button and let the spray blast your face.
So, whether you're a cougar or an antelope, when the sun comes up, you'd better hit the ground running.
Sometimes we'd get word that people were gathering under one of the bridges, and we'd rush down to hit it before the cops broke it up.
A cold front must have hit while I was inside.
I noticed when my back hit the wall that I was walking backwards.
The blood flashed into flames as soon as it hit the ground, and I jumped back.
We hit a bar on the next street over.
“Okay,” he said as we hit the street, “we’re going to see another friend of mine.
A heavy thing hit my arm with a thump and knocked me back against someone with rough paws who held me up.
In Ochoa, 30, the Angels get an experienced major-league outfielder who is hitting .256 with six homers and 21 RBI this season.
His best season came in 2000 with the Reds, when he hit .316 with 13 homers and 56 RBI.
Jose went into Wednesday's game hitting .304 and had thrown out 33 percent (two of six) of baserunners trying to steal.
--Not expected: Fabregas, who hit .193 with no homers and eight RBI in 35 games with the Angels this season, said he was "surprised and shocked" to get traded from a pennant contender to a team 22 games out in the NL Central.
A minute later, the shock wave hit.
This prosperity continued until the late 1920s, when the Great Depression hit the area hard.
Youngstown was perhaps hit harder than any other town by the collapse of the steel industry, but it was not alone.
United Steel Workers of America was the union representing the Youngstown steel workers when the closings hit.
QUARTERMASTER: Must've hit a reef.

Unless you plan on using him to hit something with.
We must've hit the reef!



My homework on the plane http://twitpic.com/3bd8v Confirmed: The Obama DHS hit job on conservatives is real - Malkin - April 14 http://ff.im/-279qc RT @infidelsarecool: National Guard on Alert for Violence from TEA Party Protesters?
Everyone should hit up 5 Elements of Hip Hop tonight at George Mason Univ.

But bubbling below the surface was Blade and other genre flicks, then Twilight hit and now vampires are hot.
Currently a $300 million-a-year business, 900 telephone service is expected to hit $500 million next year and near $2 billion by 1992 as uses for the service continue to expand, says Joel Gross of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Inc.
In addition, operating results were hit by an increase in loan and real estate loss reserves.
The Avon, Conn., company's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer, but the product was plagued with glitches and the company's fortunes plunged.
But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls, whose sales hit $600 million in 1985.
F. "Hit It Long and Strong"
Hit was July the third, 1863.
The New York Times played up remarks from televangelist Pat Robertson, who said Clinton "hit a home run" and "won" the PR contest and that the Senate "might as well dismiss this impeachment hearing and get on with something else, because it's over as far as I'm concerned."
All the shots missed their target, but one hit a nearby tourist in the leg.
1996: "A Hit Season for Broadway: Seems Like Old Times With Influx of Theatergoers."
Each of these requests for information is a hit.
Because the catcher calls the game, he must know the hitting abilities and weaknesses of every opposing batter.
Bloosh , spotted in both X-Men and Superman , is the sound a body makes when hitting the water and sinking.
But one of the odd things about this most recent sell-off is that, with the exception of banks (which are always hit hard by interest-rate worries), the hardest-hit companies were those companies whose profit prospects will be the least hurt by a fed-funds hike.
Third, those units that had been ordered at 8:53 to stage at the Brooklyn-Battery Tunnel-and thus very close to the WTC complex-were not dispatched after the plane hit the South Tower.
But despite some inevitable streamlining, the film hits the major points--both high and low--in Kaufman's career.
Director François Girard ( Thirty-Two Short Films About Glenn Gould ) hits the musical theme again in this "odd, piquant tale" (Lisa Schwarzbaum, Entertainment Weekly ) that traces the peregrinations of a priceless 17 th -century violin.
The Dow, however, is up 12 percent for the year, and when it hit 11,000, pundits everywhere proclaimed--depending upon their bullishness and bearishness--this a milestone.
Just walk up and hit it!
The bovine bounced off the truck and was hit by another pickup.
But the only way to combine piety, cowardice, cynicism, and recklessness is to hit him from both sides.
Multivalent CSEs can be used to find genomic segment duplication because these CSEs that hit once in one genome hit multiple times in the other genome.
Criteria for a Partner Hit
The second-hottest day in the U.S. was June 29, 1994, when it hit 128 degrees in Lake Havasu City, Ariz., and 125 degrees Fahrenheit (the third-highest temperature ever recorded in the U.S.) in Laughlin, Nev.
At that moment, no one appears to have thought a second plane could hit the South Tower.
China, meanwhile, did not produce a missile that could hit North America until 1979.
2) The Washington Post reported that a Republican House committee counsel hit up investment firms for $100,000 contributions to the GOP shortly after working on financial-deregulation legislation.
I wasn't paying much attention to the in-house music on Christmas Eve--I think it was "Little Drummer Boy" in the bookstore, "Jingle Bell Rock" in the toy store, or maybe vice versa--but, entering the flower shop, it hit me instantly: "Bernadette."
Armageddon , about an asteroid hitting the earth, still seems likely to make more money by summer's end.
With all best wishes to Sanford, it's foolhardy for him to say, "I've survived this scourge," and that because of the advent of protease inhibitors, "I am probably more likely to be hit by a truck than to die of AIDS."
The matrix is hit with a pulse from a laser beam.
How about the Globe 's report that at the bash to celebrate her Saturday Night Live appearance, Monica Lewinsky "hit the buffet table like a toothy tornado"?
For example, the domain from the yeast β' subunit hit the α-subunits of bacterial DDRPs with Z-scores of 5-7 and RMSD of 2.8-3 Å. Hereinafter we refer to these domains as the α -subunit core-related (ASCR) domains.
Another commercial aircraft in the vicinity then radioed in with "reports over the radio of a commuter plane hitting the World Trade Center."
The flu is hitting the United States.
Citing a story in Thursday's Boston Herald , the LAT fronts and the WP goes inside with Bill Bradley's decision, with 10 days to go until the Iowa caucuses, to hit Al Gore for introducing the racially explosive Willie Horton issue against Michael Dukakis during Gore's 1988 presidential primary bid.
3. "Sony Pictures announced that Amy Pascal, president of Columbia Pictures , was being promoted to chairwoman, even though Columbia has been in a slump and had only one hit this year . On the other hand, Pascal was visionary enough to green-light Adam Sandler's Big Daddy . So give her a corner office, too!"
Together with the statistics of the RefSeq genes, in which most RefSeq genes have at least one CSE hit (see RefSeq data above), we believe that it is more meaningful and accurate to estimate protein-coding gene number from CSEs instead of from chromosome length.
Later, ash faced with cancer, she's paradoxically easier to watch (she does less), and she hits some convincing notes of pain.
The man just did not want to hit the putt.
You'll probably want to hit the sack early, b/c the nuptials themselves will take place at dawn (6:21 a.m.) Saturday morning on top of Great Big Mountain.
If Clinton has had affairs with dozens of women, where are all the women he hit on and didn't have affairs with?
Direct Hit says that while it cannot detect the identity of individual Web users, it can track their movements with unprecedented precision.
His attack on Brown made the front pages of the New York tabloids, giving Talk a free media hit.
The Japan Times reported that the Japan Chamber of Commerce and Industry had called on the government for a bailout "for small- and medium-sized companies, which have been hit especially hard by the prolonged economic slump."
The nipple-baring Brock who then played the victim in an Esquire article (illustrated with an exhibitionistic photo of Brock in an open shirt posing as St. Sebastian) when, despite his hit pieces and sleazy red-baiting, right wingers snubbed him for supposedly going soft on Hillary?
Chatterbox's rankings for the U.S. were similarly skewed, since NOAA's chart listed all-time highs for individual states; hence the second-hottest day in the United States was probably not June 29, 1994, when it hit 128 degrees in Lake Havasu City, Ariz., and 125 degrees Fahrenheit in Laughlin, Nev.
When you combine rising interest rates, concerns about inflation, and a market that had priced in a lot of good news, you shouldn't be surprised when high-priced stocks take a hit.
Ahem ... after writing that sentence, I looked in a rock reference book and found that "Brass in Pocket" hit No. 14 stateside.
Maybe one of the reasons Rowling hit it big with grown-ups is her refusal to drum in lessons.
USA Today goes with Hurricane Dennis hitting the Carolinas and Florida.
You can also make a decent case that the Year Zero was 1955, when Bill Haley and the Comets hit No. 1 with "Rock Around the Clock," the first rock 'n' roll record ever to climb to the top of the charts.
But let me tell you why I think you may have been too dismissive when you wrote, "Were the consumers who turned 'Rock Around the Clock' and 'Heartbreak Hotel' into hit records 9 and 10 years old?
The New York Times fronts that, but leads instead with the tremendous earthquake (magnitude 7.6) that hit Taiwan early today, killing thousands, and trapping perhaps just as many in toppled-over and collapsed buildings.
All of which brings up a troubling fact that the WB, the network-wannabe that became a network last year on the basis of its hit teen shows, will be forced to face more and more in coming years: Adolescents grow up fast.
Intel delayed the release of its highest-powered Pentium processor, Coppermine, and a new chipset for memory chips because it couldn't hit the production schedules its customers needed.
Hit made Marse Robert awful sad ter think of anything bein' killed, whedder der 'twas one of his soljers, or his little black hen."
The plane fell 4 miles a minute for about 40 seconds and then turned to the right before hitting the water, suggesting that the plane began to break up in the air.
All three papers report that the Turkish quake registered a 7.2 on the standard measuring scale (the August 17 one was a 7.4) and was closely centered in the Bolu province, halfway between Istanbul and Ankara (the August 17 one hit Bolu, but its impact spanned a much wider area).
 today that is sure to hit all the big newscasts and the radio talk shows by this evening.
Even The West Wing , a shabby small-screen version of every big-screen movie about the inner workings of government (which are themselves shabby versions of the real thing, which is itself a shabby version of what the real thing should be), is a hit; it ought to be canceled, if only to send a message to the dentist who capped Martin Sheen's teeth.
Reports from theaters indicate audiences, by and large, love it and are moved by it; it may emerge as the season's biggest hit.
When Henry Blodget, who was then at CIBC Oppenheimer, said that Amazon's shares would hit $400 within the year (he was right), it catapulted him into national attention and, in some sense, probably got him his new job at Merrill Lynch.
Both Times report that the meetings hit a snag quickly when an anticipated face-to-face between Barak and Shara didn't come off.
I see on the wires this afternoon that abortions have hit a 20-year low.
There is, for instance, the much-remarked-upon fact that Wag the Dog --which I'm sure seemed daring and bold when it was being filmed--had become tepid and understated by the time it hit theaters.
But the Dow took it on the chin, perhaps because (if you're feeling cynical) people who invest in Dow stocks are the only people who still worry about things like rising interest rates or perhaps because (if you're feeling Chicago-school rational) the Dow has more stocks in it that will be hit hard by a cyclical slowdown than does the Nasdaq.
He left us the last time with that wonderful picture of hitting the jumper to win Game 6 and the NBA championship in 1998.
Coolio's 1995 hit, "," may celebrate "see[ing] myself in the pistol smoke," but musically, it's relaxed and sauntering.
The middle class has been hit especially hard.
"Clinton Crazy" disparages the anti-Clinton conspiracy theorists--on the Internet, in the fringe press, and on talk radio--who believe that Vince Foster was murdered, that Clinton cronies dealt drugs, and that Clinton ordered hit jobs.
Newsweek claims Sports Illustrated (owned by rival Time Warner) will be in trouble when ESPN--The Magazine hits newsstands this week.
Business suffered when, post-Cold War, millions of Soviet guns hit the open market.
There needn't be a physical injury for the brain to send pain signals, and that pain is as real to the sufferer as it would be if she'd hit her thumb with a hammer.
The megastar of '80s pop has hit bottom, critics say.
Most critics agree that the revived 1969 hit musical about the making of the Declaration of Independence has endured the decades.
"The studios sensibly scaled down" in the wake of the Christmastime smash hit, says Time 's Richard Corliss.
Post reported that a Republican House committee counsel hit up investment firms for $100,000 contributions to the GOP shortly after working on financial-deregulation legislation.
The hotel clerk's hand hits the bell, summoning a bellhop to take our hero to his room--or is it a suite?
When the fake-photo story hit the front pages, Stevens, one of the most respected Republican consultants around, took the fall.
The president's unveiled message to Freeh: "Don't let the door hit you on the way out" (Gwen Ifill, Washington Week in Review ). "Louie Freeh all of a sudden became free Louie," said David Shribman ( Washington Week in Review ), who predicted that the director would leave the FBI in two months.
The paper rejected a government claim that the drought's cost to agriculture is around 2 billion rubles, saying that the drought has hit 35 regions and has caused a loss in the Volgograd region alone of around 1.2 billion rubles.
The Ships Hit the Fan
The WP runs an AP story reporting that AOL has just hit 10 million subscribers.
In reporting on a FBI sting that collared 16 computer brokers trafficking in stolen IBM parts across five states, the Wall Street Journal reports that the theft of computer hardware and software is hitting $8 billion annually.
signed a contract with Oliver Stone, who plans a movie about the assassination (just imagine the scene where J. Edgar Hoover, dolled up in tutu and lip gloss, orders the King hit);
Author J. Randy Taraborrelli has been somewhat cagey, but early reports suggest that the book will be full of salacious details about Frank's seven-year affair with Monroe, other extracurricular activities, and an aborted Mob hit on him.
Writers have been told to hit a 500 word a day quota.
The pagoda was hit, killing, among others, two of Kim's brothers.
From the '70s to the early '90s the Clark generally went to home run hitting theorists, but the last couple have gone to empirical labor economists whose reputations have been built not on a couple of thrilling papers but from an accumulation of careful, data-intensive research.
I had hit the Al Gore glass ceiling.
conspiracy was CBS News economic correspondent Ray Brady, whose derivative story aired 12 hours after the Times story hit the streets.
That is probably the longest home run ever hit here.
Not only that, it seems to be the longest ball hit since 1988, when the distance of major-league home runs was first estimated on a wide scale.
The MCI Web site claims six 500-footers in 1997, five by McGwire and one by Colorado Rockies star Andres Galarraga, hit in Miami.
If McGwire had hit his home run in Baltimore, for example, it would have been measured at about 448 feet under the Orioles' point-of-impact house rules.
Charles Burton hit his son for getting up to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night and hit him for wetting his bed if he didn't get up to go.
The conservative Weekly Standard promptly hit back with a cover story that didn't just argue that Brill was overstating his case but also accused him of being "Clinton's lapdog" and a "White House mouthpiece."
Now the press is actually hitting people.
If Ireland got hit hardest by the famine, it was because it depended more heavily on the potato for sustenance than other countries.
Even the nontabloid London Sunday Times had the headline "Diana on the Couch"--above a story questioning the princess's mental stability--in the edition that hit British doorsteps (too late to stop) a few hours after her death.
Then delete the three files (type del wininet.dll and hit Enter, then do the same for Urlmon.dll and Mshtml.dll).
I thought, "What the hell," and just hit it, and I swear to God it went 50 yards farther than any drive I'd ever hit.
, and the president before it hit the headlines from what happened afterward.
Though it has seen its stock price hit hard--justifiably--by its most recent woes, Planet Hollywood is forging ahead with plans to build a giant hotel in Times Square that will feature 564 "Hollywood-themed" rooms and suites.
By choosing a skinnier than average woman and defining each "drink" as 6 ounces of high-alcohol wine, they make it sound easy to hit 0.08.
His first effort was the prototype pop hit "After The Ball," which, 104 years later, you can still hear every night of the week in the current Broadway revival of Show Boat . Back then, it began earning him $25,000 per week almost immediately, and went on to sell 5 million copies of sheet music.
In the run-up to the 1991 Broadway hit The Will Rogers Follies , composer Cy Coleman took to doing the big song--"Never Met a Man I Didn't Like"--at benefit performances all over town.
But, for the record, aside from self-destructing rockers such as Kurt Cobain, I can't think of another hit songwriter who's taken his life.
The initial phase of the Clinton counter-thrust, which hit the beach on the Sunday chat shows, leads everywhere.
The California Highway Patrol says Sprewell's Mercedes was traveling at "high speed" when it struck sand barrel obstacles, hit a wall and then collided with another car.
Killer tornadoes hitting the Southeast lead at USA Today and the New York Times . The incredible expanding budget surplus leads at the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles Times goes with the Japanese prime minister's decision to try countering his country's sliding economy by offering tax cuts.
The family resemblance among his collages and those being made concurrently by artists in Germany, France, and even the United States provides a bracing example of what is meant by a Zeitgeist --in a time of shaky and sluggish telecommunications, several dozen widely separated artists all hit at once on the idea of chopping up whatever printed ephemera lay at hand and reassembling the fragments into dynamic compositions that reassigned their meaning.
In their book, Hit and Run: How Jon Peters and Peter Guber Took Sony for a Ride in Hollywood , Nancy Griffin and Kim Masters outline the colossal arrogance, excess, and self-delusion that led to the debacle.
He hit upon the device of the box, with which his vision is inextricably bound up, in 1931.
It shares hit shows like Bill Nye the Science Guy with commercial stations.
Sometimes, when I see this comedian's bit rerun on cable, I imagine Pep Strauss"--a hit man in the hit-man organization called Murder Inc.--"entering stage left and cutting him belly to chin."
Only after European fashion hit its stride in the 16 th century, with women flaunting sculptured curls, rouged cheeks, and exposed chests in public, did the veiled Arab lady begin to look so alien, so alluring, and eventually so infuriating to Western sensibilities.
Its plot really was simple--man hires hit man to kill philandering wife--and appeared complicated only to the characters in the film.
So why do people cry at One True Thing ? It might be that even an ordinary relationship between a mother and daughter is so fraught--with so much left unspoken--that any film that hammers so relentlessly on that spot will hit a nerve.
"No sir, I hit him with a bat.See, he was whipping on my mom againand whipping on me too and then one dayI just got tired of being whipped onand I hit him with my uncle's metal batand just kept hitting till he didn't move.I didn't mean to kill him, just make him stop."
And in 1935, when Schultz was dying in a Newark hospital, having been gunned down in a mob hit, St. Clair sent a Western Union message: "As ye sow, so shall ye reap."
Ruth didn't just hit more home runs than anyone else.
A minute later Jordan hit a pull-up jumper.
Jordan hit foul shots.
Now he has this deadly turnaround jumper and routinely hits three-pointers.
He'd hit the wall.
Everyone watching thought: Hit the putt!
"There are times when you have to block balls and they're not always going to hit that chest protector."
This was a very hard one, I went down endless dead ends before hitting the right link, although I suppose "Northwest" should have given me a clue.
I'm not French, so I finally hit the shower.
Poor grammar, misspoken words, and confrontational moments between important men and women also regularly hit the cutting-room floor.
Here's what to do: Whenever people hit you up to deal with their computer problems, tell them to turn to Page 23 in their copy of Dianetics . Only kidding.
"Scandal ads hit campaign," shouts the front-page headline in USA Today . "President Says Policies Are the Real Issue," says the Washington Post 's front page.
The court also let stand a ruling giving royalty rights to the Kingsmen for their 1963 hit recording of "Louie, Louie."
His wisecracks sound as if he's nervously thinking them up on the spot, and he's better than anyone at saying something he doesn't mean and then wincing in horror, as if longing to hit the "Delete" key.
Says the story: "The furious First Lady attacked the President, hitting him so hard she left a visible mark on his face--and Secret Service agents had to separate them.
As a tragically repressed and alcoholic small-town cop, Nolte conveys a "fierce, anguished intensity" (Janet Maslin, the New York Times ). Critics say Schrader's style is a perfect match for Russell Banks' novel, and that the director "has hit, in this exquisitely shaped, paced, painted, and edited production, a new, deep level of artistry" (Lisa Schwarzbaum, Entertainment Weekly ). Only complaint: The voice-over narration by Willem Dafoe (as Nolte's brother) is a bit stilted and portentous.
--Largent may have mixed up GOP and GOD; he did get hit in the head a lot living out his dream (whereas in my dream, Ms.
In one scene, ripped off from My Left Foot (1989), Max gets drunk in the course of a celebratory dinner and insults the teacher's date: "I have a hit play.
You can drag'n'drop the other stuff you want into that box, double-click the little square icon in the upper-left corner of the box to expand the file, then hit Print . It might work.
The Wall Street Journal notes that this week's recall of a major heart drug, Posicor, and the disclosure of another ten deaths of men taking Viagra, are reminders that "While pharmaceuticals manufacturers test their concoctions on several thousand subjects to monitor side-effects and efficacy, the real experiment begins only after a drug hits the market and vastly more people begin taking it."
Among the arguments for boarding the dot-wagon: dots take less space than hyphens, and the period key is easier to hit on the keyboard.
If you think conservative fiscal theorists are on drugs, the WP 's front page is a reminder that you are at least sometimes right: It details how Lawrence Kudlow , a former Reagan White House budget official and economics writer for the National Review , is easing back into the policy life three years after hitting bottom as a cocaine binger.
The NYT says a "fresh wave of panic" is hitting Russia's financial markets, with, both Times explain, the government trying to delay the scheduled repayment of its debt, and the banks furiously dumping rubles for dollars.
The NYT and LAT hit this information somewhat harder, with the NYT lead putting it in the third paragraph--although not mentioning there that also dying was Mann's wife, also a public health expert.
In its Sosa off-lead, the NYT adds that unlike with McGwire's record shots, baseball authorities had not put identifying marks on the game balls Sosa hit out.
Johnnie Cochran said he will assemble a dream team of lawyers to hold the New York police "accountable" for the death of an African street peddler . The victim, Amadou Diallo, died after plainclothes policemen fired 41 bullets at him in the vestibule of his apartment building, hitting him 19 times.
"The sweet, sly, man-pleasing sister of all of us who don't know whether to hit or hug, who gives herself in a heartbeat to the wrong men for all the right reasons," Burchill wrote.
This show indicates that only in the last third of this century have designers really hit their stride with varieties of shoe material, shoe shape, shoe trim, and shoe attachment.
Throughout this enthralling tale, one feels a "please don't hit me" cringe coming from the author.
To hit the Serbs who are committing the brutality, NATO has to bring its forces down to the ground.
Let's see, he was hit in the schnoz by a goose and had to get two whole stitches.
When NATO bombs what it thought was a military convoy and instead hits a caravan of civilian refugees, killing scores, it's a man-bites-dog story.
The Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung of Germany led on a NATO bomb hitting the Bulgarian capital of Sofia.
"In Other Magazines" sizes up the Time , Newsweek , and other major periodicals--usually before they hit your mailbox or local newsstand.
David Plotz needs to hit the replay button on the Prepare To Win tapes ("").
Actually, a graph of the changing value of money in the status market would look a lot like a graph of the Dow Jones industrial average: It rose steadily starting about 1982--the year a star New York Times reporter shocked his journalist colleagues by quitting the Times to become an investment banker--crested and sank briefly in the late 1980s, quickly recovered, and has been hitting new heights ever since.
You can taste their glee in hitting their marks--hitting them and annihilating them.
Davis started to bleed when the electricity hit him, soaking his shirt bright red, scaring the assembled witnesses.
"Car and Driver ; how to tell when your Expedition has hit another Festiva.
The director, Kelly Makin, hits the gags hard--he turns punch lines into slug lines--but his timing is crackerjack.
When the larva hit the omelet pan, Curling, warping, maybe even Sizzling a bit, I wanted more Data to connect my ruined home- Fries to the moths I'd been applauding All summer into dust.
In Australia, the Sydney Morning Herald led Friday with the death of a 5-year-old East Timorese boy after he was hit by a U.N. food parcel.
Penises and noses, which, incidentally, scans beautifully when substituted for the refrain in "Lollipops and Roses," the 1962 Grammy-winning Jack Jones hit written by Tony Velona.
"You know, Fairbanks is such a small town, he probably wouldn't have to do much besides hit the bars talking about Christ dying for your sins and shooting a good game of nine-ball, and folks would just follow him.
Gore proceeded to hit this pitch out of the park, telling the crowd that if the two sluggers had "stayed in the dugout" and "didn't step up to the plate, they wouldn't hit many home runs."
The idea was that the campaign staffs , if not the candidates themselves, would immediately download our questionnaire, hit "Reply," answer its not terribly demanding questions on the spot, and ship back the answers within moments.
A recent study by Direct Hit, the Massachusetts-based company that operates a "popularity" search engine, revealed that for five days in late October, almost no one searching the Web for information about Gore actually made their way to Gore's official Web site.
Gore's site in Spanish was among the 30 sites most often visited by those searching for his name, but Direct Hit executives say that after the top 10, there's no significant traffic worth measuring.
Some of the Gore-related sites that Direct Hit said were visited most by those searching for Gore material are out of date and thinly visited.
Of course, the Direct Hit study doesn't mean that no one is going to the Gore site.
UFC allowed, even promoted, all notions of bad sportsmanship: kicking a man when he's down, hitting him in the groin, choking.
Until he hit big with Live in the late '80s, he was the quintessential loser, a 25-year also-ran.
China today boasts some 20 missiles that could hit the United States and is working to supplement that force with more survivable, mobile launchers.
Everything he does hits the sweet spot.
A heat wave has hit London, theater attendance is down, and Sullivan is itching to go off and become the English Mendelssohn--to write operas and symphonies instead of comic "soufflés."
The program's supporters--who compared the project to trying to "hit a bullet with a bullet "--said that 1) success in the next test will justify a go-ahead; and 2) the setbacks result from Clinton's unrealistic timetable.
Among those hardest hit by the rising prices are companies whose health care plans must absorb inflated prescription drug prices, and uninsured patients.
Iowa, the "nation's leading hog state," has been hit hardest by the price drop.
USA Today leads with its poll indicating that despite Saturday's bad day at the office, President Clinton's job approval rating hit 73 percent.
But immediately upon arriving to do so, he was set upon by a crowd in front of his store and hit in the face.
USA Today leads with a forecast that this week severe late-winter snow storms will hit much of the country east of the Rocky Mountains, while tornadoes will hit Texas, Arkansas, and Missouri.
It used to be that a critic could get behind an album, or an influential DJ, or a cohort of college kids--and bingo, an interesting album becomes a hit album.
But even if the show stinks, you should watch at least one episode so you won't feel left out of the cocktail party/water cooler blathering about the social implications of the first black animated series to hit prime time.
I bet Lowrider is a hit in Austin.
The third-hottest day in the U.S. was June 27, 1994--presumably the same heat wave--when it hit 122 degrees in the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant in New Mexico.
What came back was, “The police threw a burning citrus tree at the Slavic bandit, who was disguised as a crowd; they missed him but hit the Russian ambassador.”
When the news about Jim Bakker hit the stands, we concluded he was a real Bro Purvis .
It is called “chatter” by Jessica's manager (male), who attempts to teach his grade-school “persons of summer” the finer points of the game, and who often exhorts them from the sidelines, “Let's hear a little bit of chatter, now,” to which Jessica and the males on the team readily and rapidly respond “Alright, keed, knock it down his (or her, when applicable, and the pitcher for the opposing team is also female) throat” in support of a teammate at bat, or “Hit it to me,” “Make him hit it onna ground,” “Punch him out (current jargon for exhorting one's own pitcher to put out the opposing batter on strikes, known as a strikeout)” and suchlike.
If an average is the total number of times a batter hits a ball safely divided by the number of times he is at bat, even if he gets a hit each time, that average is 1, not 1000, and some kids might need an explanation.
Exactly the same thing happened to Leibniz, except that he got hit by the watermelon and so was unconscious for several hours.
Touring the tourist attraction's aviary--in which the birds flew free while visitors strolled in a glass tunnel--I hit my stride.
An early instance of this change, when the shit hits the fan , is by now so ingrained in the public lexicon that few recall the original expression, when the smoke hits the fan .
Hit and myth ... about a successful recording of Gluck's Orfeo.
En ef I'd knowed of aihy one higher, we'd a been on hit instead.
That is better than the treatment in Questions of English (see the review elsewhere in this issue), but it ignores the fact that the word is used in AE to describe any paved surface: when an American says, I remember nothing after my head hit the pavement, the site of the paved surface could be a road, sidewalk, or any other paved area.
The campaign had hit the Internet, she informed fellow MEPs.
Both then saw the second aircraft hit the World Trade Center.
Boston Center: A second one just hit the Trade Center.
Command Center: Uh, who, it hit the ground.
Immediately thereafter it was reported that a plane had hit the Pentagon.
According to contemporaneous notes, at 9:55 the Vice President was still on the phone with the President advising that three planes were missing and one had hit the Pentagon.
Now, instead of stories about poisoned cigars and Mafia hit men, Americans heard testimony about a secret visit to Tehran by McFarlane, using an assumed name and bearing a chocolate cake decorated with icing depicting a key.
The argument for hitting al Shifa was that it would lessen the chance of Bin Ladin's having nerve gas for a later attack.
In October, an NSC counterterrorism official noted that Pakistan's pro-Taliban military intelligence service had been training Kashmiri jihadists in one of the camps hit by U.S. missiles, leading to the death of Pakistanis.
"I'm sure we'll regret not acting last night," he wrote, criticizing the principals for "worrying that some stray shrapnel might hit the Habash mosque and 'offend' Muslims."
The principals did give some further consideration in 1999 to more general strikes, reviving Clarke's "Delenda" notion of hitting camps and infrastructure to disrupt al Qaeda's organization.
According to KSM, Bin Ladin wanted to destroy the White House and the Pentagon, KSM wanted to strike the World Trade Center, and all of them wanted to hit the Capitol.
Instead, they have often talked about the fact that there is 'nothing worth hitting in Afghanistan' and said 'the cruise missiles cost more than the jungle gyms and mud huts' at terrorist camps."
But the first FDNY chiefs to arrive in the lobby were advised by the Port Authority fire safety director-who had reported to the lobby although he was no longer the designated fire safety director-that the full building evacuation announcement had been made within one minute of the building being hit.
The plane banked as it hit the building, leaving portions of the building undamaged on impact floors.
Immediately after the second plane hit, the FDNY Chief of Department called a second fifth alarm.
After the South Tower was hit, the ESU officer running this command post decided to send one ESU team (each with approximately six police officers) up each of the Twin Towers' stairwells.
No decision has been criticized more than the decision of building personnel not to evacuate the South Tower immediately after the NorthTower was hit.
2. Multiple hits: To the extent that multiple mutations hit the same gene or pathway, subsequent mutations will more likely be neutral than initial ones, because the same function cannot be destroyed twice.
[ 27 ] we defined QuartOPs as those sets of genes that mutually pick each other as the top scoring hit in the BLAST comparisons.
However, running GenScan [ 39 ] on this part of the BAC, an open reading frame of 1074 amino acids was identified on the opposite strand that contained the "hit".
1), the potential hit has to match at least two of the criteria described in the table to be considered a partner hit.
Furthermore, reads that potentially affected amino acid sequence were used for a BLAST search against the mouse genome and removed from the B6/D2 alignment if the best BLAST hit was on a sequence scaffold located in another part of the genome.
Along the guidelines of earlier evaluations, we counted a prediction as correct if it fell within -2,000 and +500 bp relative to the 5' end of the annotation [ 9, 10], and retained only the best hit within a window of 2,000 bases.
It then sorts the hits found by all of the proteins, and for each hit, identifies the query sequences that found that hit.
The nucleotide sequence of each hit that contained unverifiable stop codons or frameshift mutations was further analyzed by comparing the nucleotide sequence of the hit to the nucleotide sequence of closely related known EPKs.
The resulting filtered hit set was manually reviewed by aligning the protein sequence of each hit with the catalytic domains of known EPKs and looking for the presence of a loose pattern of conserved residues known to be distinctive for the family [ 9, 10, 11].
For all known human members in this gene family, only one (TEL2) has no CSE hit.
The GO Consortium [ 1 ] provides a set of flat files that indicate the association between gene names and GO categories for several species [ 27 ] . Although the flat files for human are quite comprehensive, we found a low hit rate for GO annotation of human genes using the database created by the GO Consortium's downloaded MySQL script files [ 28 ] . The hit rates were low both when the gene names were used in the format of HUGO names and when the gene names were used in the format of 'HUGO_HUMAN.
Note that costs would be noticeably higher if power plants were required to actually hit the target in 2007.
Major Changes Hit City Legal Services
Hit hard by Hurricaine Iniki, this lavish resort finally reopened, retaining its informal feel, its fine golf courses, its lagoons with exotic animals on the isles, and some of the best hotel pools and swimming beaches in Hawaii.
Japanese commentators have happily adopted the American jargon of “Strike one, ball two,” “home run,” and “pinch hit. ”
Sepak Takraw is a kind of volleyball played with a ball made of rattan, which the players can hit with every part of their body except hands and forearms.
Among the hardest hit towns was Lagos (see page 26) which lost its castle, its churches, and the palace in which Henry the Navigator had once lived.
Surfing is a big attraction for many Australians, who can zip over to Bali for a few days; more recently, Japanese surfers have hit the waves.
Recent earthquakes — one in San Francisco in 1989 and another that hit Los Angeles in 1994 — have served as reminders that Californians continue to live in the shadow of The Big One — the major earthquake that experts predict will strike in the next 30 years.
For Caburní, park at the graffiti-infested Casa de Gallo and hit the trail nearby.
Where to Go
Old San Juan, with its picturesque little musical spots hidden behind discreet wooden doors, doesn’t hit high gear until after 10pm; Condado and Isla Verde get started somewhat earlier.
I suppose we'll have to reserve judgment until tomorrow, when the actual magazine hits the newsstands.
An AP story in the WP states that the Air Force has finally officially confirmed that the F-117 stealth fighter shot down last March over Kosovo was hit by Yugoslav forces.
As for why that enthusiasm suddenly hit investors with such force, and why it was so focused on Celera, all Bloomberg could offer was an article that appeared in the New York Times on Dec. 20, which included a one-line reference to Celera.
For an object lesson in the magic of Gersh Kuntzman, compare the Plaza-doorman stories in the News and the Post . Both papers do a fine job of hitting the guy's career highlights (the Beatles, Jackie Gleason, Lana Turner).
Super-rich, super-hip students (called "Euros," even when not European) drive Ferraris, wear Chanel, and hit Paris for weekends.
Later this month, Sinatra: Behind the Legend , a new warts-and-all (and-more-warts) biography, will hit bookstores.
So perhaps the Talmudists proceeded by trial and error, considering various divisions and rejecting each one as inconsistent until they hit upon the unique consistent division of 50-75-125.
But young Americans aren't as helpless in the face of the tobacco-industry juggernaut as the Clintonites would like to imagine: Black teen-agers are already hitting the president's goals.
Like the military-base-closing commission on which it is modeled, the corporate-welfare commission would produce a hit list, and Congress would then vote "yes" or "no" on the whole package.
Click Start , then Find , then Files or Folders , type *.dll , then hit Find Now . (Make sure your hard drive is selected in the drop-down list in Look in .) On my computer I found 1,230 .dll files.
The WSJ sees things pretty much the same way, going high with the report's claim that people in cars hit broadside by SUVs are 27 times more likely to die as the SUVs occupants.
What's more, there's a possibility it will hit Earth then.
One-Hit Wonder
Harrison Ford tries to help by looking anguished as he hits, kicks, and shoots his way to the final duel with Oldman.
Seconds after tipoff, Jordan launched a turnaround jumper, his new signature shot, hitting nothing but net.
We wonder if someone will hit us the ball.
For what it's worth, I'm predicting we'll hit 104.
The fifty-five economists participating in the paper's latest semiannual forecasting survey named the Asian crisis as the major threat facing the U.S. economy and hold that it will hit here during the next six to nine months in the form of slower production and reduced employment.
The NYT reports that a number of economists say that some of the Asian countries hardest hit by the region's economic crisis are now in a depression, meaning of a much longer duration and with much more unemployment than a recession.
"We want to be able to land in grandma's backyard at night, in thick fog, without hitting the clothes line," says Jack Allison, an engineer on the project.
Mark McGwire hit his 500 th home run.
When the president's woman troubles started, Wolf hit the spin circuit.
It is called “chatter” by Jessica's manager (male), who attempts to teach his grade-school “persons of summer” the finer points of the game, and who often exhorts them from the sidelines, “Let's hear a little bit of chatter, now,” to which Jessica and the males on the team readily and rapidly respond “Alright, keed, knock it down his (or her, when applicable, and the pitcher for the opposing team is also female) throat” in support of a teammate at bat, or “Hit it to me,” “Make him hit it onna ground,” “Punch him out (current jargon for exhorting one's own pitcher to put out the opposing batter on strikes, known as a strikeout)” and suchlike.
If an average is the total number of times a batter hits a ball safely divided by the number of times he is at bat, even if he gets a hit each time, that average is 1, not 1000, and some kids might need an explanation.
Several readers suggested the addition of that '70s hit, zipless fuck an act of intercourse without an emotional connection, coined by Erica Jong in Fear of Flying . We had originally decided to omit it since zipless was often used on its own to mean passionate but emotionally uninvolved, but it does appear often enough as a set phrase to deserve entry.
Reality hit when he was unable to reconcile with his wife and ended up on the street.
Shortly before 9:10, suspecting that American 77 had been hijacked, American headquarters concluded that the second aircraft to hit the World Trade Center might have been Flight 77.
The Vice President was wondering "how the hell could a plane hit the World Trade Center" when he saw the second aircraft strike the South Tower.
Then the second plane hit.
A QuartOP is formed when each of the open reading frames picks the other members of the quartet as the top scoring hit in searches of the respective genomes.
Whether a particular NT hit should be categorized as a transcript or genomic sequence was determined by examining the annotation of the corresponding GenBank record.
As the sun rises behind you, the light hits Tucki Mountain and the tips of the Panamints to the west before plunging into the valley’s primeval salt lake far below.
In Hit and Run , their highly-regarded expose of the early-'90s Sony studio debacle, Nancy Griffin and Kim Masters report as follows: "At a dinner party at a producer's home, which took place after [Patricia] and Mike had slept in the Lincoln Bedroom, she told thePatricia later said she gathering that Clinton was 'a f
Chatterbox is so excited by the hype surrounding Tina Brown's new magazine--the most eagerly anticipated public document since the Starr Report--that he wonders how he'll ever be able to actually sit down and read the Paris-Match-esque monthly, which hits newsstands today.
They're playing it as a breakthrough-in-marketing story--small-time filmmakers hit on big-time strategy--when it's actually the oldest marketing story in the history of culture: scaring and delighting audiences and making oneself rich and famous by pushing back the boundaries of what is commonly thought of as realistic.
If you blinked you missed it, but for a short while yesterday morning the stock and bond markets dived after a rumor that Alan Greenspan was resigning hit the Street.
"I just wanted to throw strikes and make them hit the ball," he told the man from the Times .
Turkish Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit told the Post that northwestern cities have industrialized and expanded over the past few decades, despite a string of predictions that an earthquake would hit.
All three papers praise Madeleine Albright's shuttle diplomacy: Albright is given credit for salvaging the agreement, which hit a snag on Thursday after Israel refused to release an extra 50 prisoners as part of the deal.
I'm not sure where the backlash would hit in Chicago, but I'll keep my eyes open for fashion models wearing Hawaiian shirts and white patent-leather shoes.
If you asked why you'd be hit on the head.")
Disney, for instance, has yet to produce a hit for ABC since the companies merged.
The matching piece of the puzzle was served up on CNN's Worldview . The Middle East is seemingly about to hit a catastrophic water crisis.
There are, of course, always going to be under- and overreactions, like the one that victimized Tyco or the one that sent the stock of Cisco (which I own shares of) plummeting on Friday after an unsubstantiated rumor that the company would miss estimates hit the Street.
When I used to run the Netly News and used to watch our ad traffic (and every other number) with daily horror, I had a theory: That the vast majority of people who hit ad buttons ...
And I'm not talking just about the brokers and traders who are still out there trying to hit that bid for 50,000 shares at $60.
I realize this is hardly an insightful observation on my part; after all, the same point has been made by any number of commentators before me, including my mother, the guy who works at the liquor store down the street, and virtually every human being who lives in an even remotely first-world country, but nonetheless whenever I think about this I just want to hit an HMO administrator on the head with a rock until it dies.
The term "spiking" turned out to be ever-so-slightly inaccurate, because the nicotine put into the cigarettes had been taken out earlier in the manufacturing process; the way tobacco companies were boosting the nicotine hit was actually more complicated than that and involved the addition of ammonia.
Since Iran-Contra, it's seemed as if there's been scarcely a week in which some Washington scandal didn't hit the front page of the Times or the Post , with the reporters dropping hopeful hints about there being Much More to Come, and how this might all ultimately Bring the President Down.

The NYT 's coverage of Hungary's celebration dryly mentions "a journalist" getting "belted" twice in a minute by a reveler and then hit again by another.
So why would interest-rate concerns hit the high-priced tech stocks so hard?
Not even a cover rave in Time for Eyes Wide Shut --a Warner Bros. release--could turn that plodding movie into a hit.
The periods in a man's life when he is most vulnerable to the condition, according to Smith and Cohen, are "troughs"--moments of transition, such as leaving high school and entering college, leaving college and entering the job market, hitting 30, and so on.
Nor does Soccer Guy seem like an appellation that's likely to go down in the annals of crime alongside Sammy the Bull--or even Paulie Walnuts, that hit man on the Sopranos.
The minivan revolution has hit America, but most sports editors refuse to notice.
And almost two-thirds (63 percent) of the projected revenues in Clinton's tax increase hit high-income couples (over $140,000 a year) and individuals (over $115,000).
Mega-Advances: The success of hit books like Bill Cosby's Fatherhood , which set sales records, induced publishers to compete for blockbuster authors.
Super-rich, super-hip students (called "Euros," even when not European) drive Ferraris, wear Chanel, and hit Paris for weekends.
An article on the graying of Hollywood says boomer studio execs no longer know which stars to bank on: Mad City (John Travolta, Dustin Hoffman) and Sphere (Hoffman, Sharon Stone, and Samuel L. Jackson) tanked, but teen flicks Scream 2 and I Know What You Did Last Summer hit pay dirt.
The point is, I've got to hit like a champion."
Shots of cute animals are deemed an inadequate substitute for the cutting wit that made the earlier film (by the same cast, and also written by John Cleese) a cult hit.
Other critics predict that Roar , like Xena , will be a cult hit.
Critics find Williams' character surprisingly unlikable, causing some to conclude that the comedian has hit a midcareer slump.
Post reported that a Republican House committee counsel hit up investment firms for $100,000 contributions to the GOP shortly after working on financial-deregulation legislation.
The Virginia Military Institute suspended a female cadet for hitting a male upperclassman.
Thus the ad hits its target--but it never attempts to tell us why Crown Royal hits the spot.
Both image and issue also resonate in the black community, whose neighborhoods have been hit the hardest by crime.
An op-ed article in the Financial Times of London said that "Chinagate" could turn into "the most serious domestic scandal to hit Bill Clinton, US President, so far" and could seriously damage the forthcoming summit in Beijing "that the White House believes is vital to US-China relations."
Whether they've reached their conclusion for cynical or idealistic reasons, Hatch and Co. do seem to have hit on the only solution to this mess, the only outcome that will punish Clinton adequately, satisfy his persecutors enough to quiet them, and save us from two more years of this horror.
The NYT piece on the day keeps it light, but the WP story keeps hitting current geopolitics, mentioning that as the ceremonies were unfolding, "Saddam Hussein was again thumbing his nose at the United States," and quoting Clinton's reference from the podium to "the vigilance President Bush displayed in dealing with Iraq, [which] as we all know, is required again today."
The USA Today lead - "Shoppers hit malls, look for bargains" - bespeaks a slow news day.
A piece inside the NYT that wonders when the downsizing trend will hit higher ed reports that between 1984 and 1994, the cost of college tuition went up about 150 percent, outpacing even medical care (111 percent).
The hit movie Swingers paid slavish tribute to Sinatra lounge culture.
Casting about for something nice to say, most reviewers have hit upon the conclusion that J.G.'s The Rainmaker is better than the "typical" Hollywood movie (by which they mean it has fewer automatic weapons, fewer car chases, and more character actors than regular fare does).
But, it's worth remembering when the next set of calamities hits your television screen--or, far worse, your own community--that when we decide to "nationalize" our problems, the overhead tends to get very high, very fast.
The price is brought lower on premium cable (like HBO), which is a flat-rate cost to the user, and it eventually hits zero when the movie appears on broadcast television, where ads support it.
With a quantified target, jurors would at least know what to aim for, even if they can't be sure of hitting it.
It hit home with the veterans, as did Dole's stern warning to dike the Communist tide in Asia.
During the first presidential and vice presidential debates, Bob Dole and Jack Kemp were hit by Medicare attacks from Bill Clinton and Al Gore some 22 times.
The longest home run ever hit here in Seattle ...
Curious that anyone could hit a ball 538 feet in an indoor park near sea level, I called the Mariners to see how they devised such a spectacular number.
(In today's stadiums, very few home runs touch the ground before hitting something higher first.)
It will start with a magnificent rainstorm, which will hit just as Ralph emerges from the airport terminal.
Though he is a graceful writer and a skilled reporter and has a sharp mind, Safire is hitting with a corked bat.
Race horses seem already to have hit that outer limit.
Which is when they surged forward to catch whatever gems might usher forth from his lips and when a 50-ish woman waiting for a table got hit in the head by a camera.
I buckled up and hit the road.
If it hits, there's a big syndication upside.
A single Web page can be one hit or many, depending on how it is constructed.
Imagine a best-selling novelization of a hit film based on the MTV series The Real World , a film that then becomes the No.
Japanese corporations have also been hit much harder than their U.S. counterparts by the crisis in Asia.
As for the black eye DiCaprio is now sporting, the Globe reports that the actor was accidentally hit by a men's room door at another New York bar.
(See Boney M's seminal 1979 disco hit, which runs, "Ra-ra-rasputEEN , lover of the Russian queen."
But "Christmas Bells" isn't; neither is "You'll See" or "Out Tonight" or "We're Okay," all titles of songs in Rent . "Without You" is a good title but it's already been used in My Fair Lady and as a hit for Nilsson and Mariah Carey.
Frank didn't want "Sparrow in the Treetop," so Miller gave it to Mitchell, along with "My Truly, Truly Fair," "Belle, Belle, My Liberty Belle," "Feet Up (Pat Him on the Po-Po)," "She Wears Red Feathers (And a Hula-Hula Skirt)" and "There's a Pawnshop on the Corner in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania"--the biggest hit ever written about Pittsburgh.
The NYT also reports that the Clinton administration feels it already has in hand the justification for any new military strikes: the Congressional resolution supporting hitting Iraq passed in 1991 on the eve of the Gulf War.
TP thinks the big question isn't whether 1997 XF 11 will hit us in 2028--it's how will it affect Ken Starr's investigation.
The NYT hits the pardon issue much higher in its front page Hubbell tape story, not surprising since it went front page on Saturday with a story saying congressional investigators took the "Election Day" comment to signify pardon hopes.
Like Guber, Sony refused to cooperate with the authors of Hit and Run , so we don't get much insight into the thought processes of the Japanese.
As a critic Wolf usually hits the target, or at least gets near it.
At times, I felt as if I'd inhaled highly caloric food and, just when the sugar coma hit, entered a long line at the department of motor vehicles.
He blushed because it had hit too close to home.
In an opening monologue not long ago, Late Night host Jay Leno told his audience that Air Force One had hit a patch of turbulence during a recent trip, forcing President Clinton to return the flight attendant "to her full upright and locked position."
To demonstrate their growing closeness, Hytner leads the pair through jazzy swing-dance montages, along with scenes in which they hit each other with pillows (a common cinematic sign of a couple's closeness but not necessarily accurate; as an experiment, I hit my wife with a pillow, and she threw me out of the room).
Every time my browser goes to the page, it hits some sound file that belts out Brokaw's booming baritone: "This is Tom Brokaw.
However, serving as the all-purpose lawyer required Isaacman to take a bullet that never actually hit him.
According to the Maastricht Treaty, the currency will be put into circulation only after individual national economies have hit certain "targets"--such as a sufficiently low ratio of debt to gross domestic product.
The next time down the court Jordan hit a wide-open three-point shot.
Jordan hit six shots in a row, missed one, then hit again, at which point he was laughing.
"If she were to hit the stallion in the penis, we'd be out of business," Pons said.
Then Lehman hit into the rough by the 16 th green and lost a stroke.
It's no fun to strap that stuff on when the thermometer hits the upper 90s.
She has to recognize that the man is gone--as gone as if a truck had hit him.
The important part is to hit No-Frames at Northwest Voyageurs, which saves you a step.
My personal opinion would be that people give so many technical presentations in formal and informal settings, where every other sentence or clause starts with "so"--"so then the frob bit is set, so this path is followed, so no data hits the wire"--that they just "get in the habit" of prefacing everything with "so."
After director Bryan Singer's surprise hit The Usual Suspects (1995), Apt Pupil is deemed a disappointment.
But just this month, what may be the best tabletop radio hit the market.
Advice to all: Study the older royals for the way they manage good proportions, especially the British Queen Mum, and don't forget to study your own full-length hatted reflection--front, back, and profile--before hitting the street.
This time, U.S. military officials say they hit an Iraqi missile launch site.
The baseball Mark McGwire hit for his 70 th home run last season sold for $3 million.
"I hit on this explanation while reluctantly overhearing the inane chatter of a man describing, into a hand-held mouthpiece, in excruciating detail, a friggin' haircut!
I've been hit with a restraining order prohibiting me from finishing the sentence."
For departments (such as Today's Papers, "Moneybox," etc.) that consist of multiple items, you can hit the plus sign and do your stuff for just the items you want.
I hit the infantwear section of Kmart and picked up four cheap sets of clothing.
The paper doesn't point out that this is getting towards the flight profile involved in that Marine flight that hit the ski lift, suggesting that such low flying is not without its applications in this theater of operations and not necessarily a sign of joyriding.
Russia hits today's front-page jackpot.
USA Today puts that story on its front, but leads with an unnamed U.S. intelligence official's claim that soil from around that Sudanese plant hit last week by U.S. cruise missiles contained traces of a chemical used in the making of VX nerve gas.
Chicago Cub Sammy Sosa hit his 54th and St. Louis Cardinal Mark McGwire hit his 55th in the race to break the 1961 record of 61 home runs in a season.
Meanwhile, the nation's economy continues to suffer, with the lower and middle economic classes taking the hardest hit.
Both the NYT and the WP (which has been hitting such stories hard lately) report inside that dissidents attempting to register a democratically oriented political party in various parts of China were detained by police.
News accounts recited his résumé--the Hall of Fame, nine World Series championships, 11 All-Star games, and three American League Most Valuable Player awards--but focused on his record 56 game hitting steak in 1941, which still stands today.
Hardest hit by this development were dachshund and Chihuahua breeders, whose product is often sold to kids--and without warning labels of any kind.
The Boston Globe 's Jay Carr hit Goldberg's habit of being her own best audience: "Goldberg spent too much time laughing at her one-liners (often, she laughed alone)."
When I was interested in picking up the new smash hit Unreal , I went to eBay and saw that over the past month some 70 or so copies of that game had been auctioned for about $22 each.
To me it clearly says, 'What hit me?
While hitting Milosevic over the head, NATO is offering terms under which it is willing to stop.
Señor Wences prevailed and Pedro proved almost as big a hit as Johnny."
Have you seen the way he hits on girls?
We hit it off well, and I asked him to lunch.
"We want to be able to land in grandma's backyard at night, in thick fog, without hitting the clothesline," says Jack Allison, an engineer on the project.
My grouchy critics are ramping up again as the very large Office 2000 software suite hits the stores: "Shuman, why don't you and the other boy developers at Microsoft write some trim and tight code?"
And the Globe 's hit list goes on.
(In other golfing mishaps, the Enquirer claims that Sean Connery "screamed in pain" after being "hit in the butt by a stray golf ball that raised an angry red welt."
Meteorologists had predicted the storm would equal 1992's Hurricane Andrew in power and destruction, but Bret hit the least-populated stretch of the Gulf Coast and was quickly downgraded to a tropical storm.
An actress who packs more psychological detail into a single gesture than others get into whole scenes, Bening was barreling down the road to greatness before she hit a speed bump called Warren.
In briefings to international aid workers in Pristina, one K-For officer warned of "contaminated dust" at the scene of depleted uranium munitions explosions and urged aid officials to stay 150 feet away from targets hit in NATO airstrikes.
Make her wonder why I'm not hitting on her.
Some observers objected to a man hitting a woman.
Since his move, however, our friendship has hit some snags.
Analysts speculated what would happen to Omnimedia if Martha were hit by a bus or cab (or succumbed to an accident in "the potting shed," as the New York Observer 's Christopher Byron nicely put it).
Direct Hit has partnerships with a large number of Web companies, including Microsoft Network, Lycos, InfoSpace, LookSmart, and others.
Roger Salazar, a spokesman for the Gore campaign, says that he has not seen the Direct Hit study.
The site is actually no longer at the address that Direct Hit found to be most visited (a common problem with search engines).
Although Direct Hit has yet to produce a similar traffic study for the Republican candidates, a search on its Web site shows that George W. Bush's official site is also not among the top 10 sites surfed by those entering Bush's name.
This is sometimes the mental-health equivalent of an alcoholic hitting bottom.
If American Movie is a hit, the American Dream might become making movies about the American Dream of making movies.
Her misunderstanding reminds Prudie of the policeman who asked a driver what gear she was in at the moment her car hit another.
They're colonizing cyberspace with Web sites that invite surfers to log off and hit the stores.
He was tossing back a weak, hanging slider and demanding a fastball so he could hit it harder.
The big concern, says USAT , is the flooding that is likely when the storm hits New Orleans, where tens of thousands of residents have taken shelter in such locales as the Superdome and the convention center.
The Wall Street Journal "Tax Report" says more and more "not-so-wealthy" people are getting hit with the alternative minimum tax, which was designed to keep the wealthy from dodging federal tax entirely through the artful use of deductions, credits and the like.
Nobody explains whether or not the building seems to have been hit intentionally.
Also, for a press that's become quite intoxicated with the technical details of our weapons, especially when they work, there's a notable lack of information in the accounts about how each of six U.S. missiles could fail to hit obsolescent Iraqi planes.
In Northern California, a wandering 750-pound cow was hit by a northbound Mercedes, which sent it hurtling into the path of a southbound pickup.
Item : Apocalyptic drama Deep Impact , about a comet hitting the earth, said to be leaving screening audiences bathed in tears.
While holding me upside down, put your finger in my mouth and hold down my tongue switch, then hit Reset button
Clinton also hit 73 percent early in 1998, right after Flytrap broke.
(The coldest it's ever been, anywhere, interestingly, was recorded in July--July 23, 1983--when it hit minus 129 degrees in Vostok, Antarctica.)
In fact, I bet they even knew what it meant in 1850 when The Scarlet Letter hit the streets.
Thunderbolt , Georgia, got its name hundreds of years ago when a bolt of lightning hit near the village.
Her car didn't really hit that nasty old Cadillac, it just “nudged” it a little.
(47) batting a thousand: “Baseball players have batting averages based on the number of times they hit the ball when they're up at bat.
Then there are the current hits , things like the Melonball and the Kamikaze . These are comparable to this season's hit songs.
I doubt that it is accurate to define gunsel as a `callow youth,' a sense that probably rubbed off from the character played by Elisha Cook, Jr. in The Maltese Falcon: though he was referred to (by Bogart, as I recall) as a `punk' and `gunsel' and was portrayed as ineffectual, that does not justify a transferred definition: gunsel , probably from Yiddish, is a less common, old-fashioned term for `gunman, body guard, torpedo, hit man,' and the like, simply a `criminal who carries a gun,' and needs no (additional) pejorative treatment.
During the Watergate scandal President Nixon had to face an even more powerful combination, one that incorporated his own nickname in a double that ended with the negative diminutive - y . Whoever coined the term tricky-dicky must have sensed that the combination would hit hard.
In an attempt to reverse this trend, a Southern friend of mine offers the alternate when the grits hit the pan , but this usage seems destined to remain a regionalism at best, the kind of Southernism collected by John H. Felts in Bumps, Grinds, and Other Lewd (1389) Gestures [XVI,3].
Ms. Chiaro treats not only these but, when she hits full stride, the difficulties in translating jokes between languages, where even the explanations are often hard to get across, because of either sociocultural differences, linguistic differences, or both.
Furthermore, women do not normally court men, and although both men and women may flirt or seduce , a sentence like My neighbor hit on my friend out of context will typically be understood to refer to a male neighbor and a female friend, and not vice-versa.
There is even a trace of this tendency in American English: Hit hain't like 'im.
Later, my distress hit home in a personal way when I discovered than an expectant mother who lived just a few blocks from my house in Marion County - a young, unmarried woman just like Cecilia -- had difficulty obtaining prenatal care.
United's first decisive action to notify its airborne aircraft to take defensive action did not come until 9:19, when a United flight dispatcher, Ed Ballinger, took the initiative to begin transmitting warnings to his 16 transcontinental flights: "Beware any cockpit intrusion- Two a/c [aircraft] hit World Trade Center."
FAA: That was another-it was evidently another aircraft that hit the tower.
The President and the Vice President The President was seated in a classroom when, at 9:05, Andrew Card whispered to him: "A second plane hit the second tower.
The secretary said his instinct was to hit Saddam Hussein at the same time-not only Bin Ladin.
Though the principals hoped that the missiles would hit Bin Ladin, NSC staff recommended the strike whether or not there was firm evidence that the commanders were at the facilities.
By the early hours of the morning of August 20, President Clinton and all his principal advisers had agreed to strike Bin Ladin camps in Afghanistan near Khowst, as well as hitting al Shifa.
From the field, the CIA's Gary Schroen advised:"Hit him tonight-we may not get another chance."
Clarke wrote to Berger's deputy on February 10 that the military was then doing targeting work to hit the main camp with cruise missiles and should be in position to strike the following morning.
General Shelton told us that the Taliban targets were "easier" to hit and more substantial.
It had been built to hit tanks, not people.
the 17 minutes from the crash of the hijacked American Airlines Flight 11 into 1 World Trade Center (the North Tower) at 8:46 until the South Tower was hit
One left the 84th floor immediately after the building was hit.
The overall command post consisted of senior chiefs, commissioners, the field communications van (Field Comm), numerous units that began to arrive after the South Tower was hit, and EMS chiefs and personnel.
According to two eyewitnesses, however, one senior FDNY chief who knew that the SouthTower had collapsed strongly expressed the opinion that the NorthTower would not collapse, because unlike the South Tower, it had not been hit on a corner.
Once the South Tower was hit, civilians on upper floors wasted time ascending the stairs instead of searching for a clear path down, when stairwell A was at least initially passable.
A translated BLAST search identified one additional "hit" in the rice BAC H0212B02 of chromosome 4 (GenBank accession number AL442007).
Criterion 2 addresses the biological relevance of a hit (e.g.
, an arrow may consistently hit the target area, but never hit the bulls-eye).
We therefore counted a hit as positive if it fell within -1,000/+100 of the annotated 5' end, a region twice as large as for the Adh set.
The sequence-structure threading with the 3D-PSSM method recovered the APSES domain structure (PDB 1bm8/1bm1) as the best hit for the Bro-N domain, albeit with statistically insignificant E-values.
Each hit was manually evaluated for the presence of conserved residues known to be distinctive for the EPK family [ 9, 10, 11], and approved human hits were added to the EPK collection.
Taxonomic information for each hit was retrieved from the corresponding complete GenBank record.
However, the E -value for each BLAST hit was quite different between TBLASTX and BLASTN, suggesting that an arbitrary threshold E -value is critical to determine acceptance of BLAST matches between evolutionarily distant nucleotide sequences and to place the homeologs on Arabidopsis chromosomes.
The whole genomic DNA region of Z30 is hit by our CSE chr17p_0010358 (human location: chr17: 34803845-34803959).
The blast hit was determined to be homologous if it folded into a similar structure as the drosophilid sequences and one or both helical arms were highly conserved; these candidates are flagged orange on the web output.
In the second, a survey of taxpayers would have to be very large to get a good "hit" rate of individuals who sought assistance, and the diversity of individual questions would have blurred ability to interpret variation in IRS responsiveness.
What if the Commission chose to ignore this divergence in costs and hit First-Class mail with a larger increase?
In 1967 Penang was hit by serious riots, which highlighted the fact that political and social harmony could not be taken for granted.
Seaside fun is yours if you hit the coastal bike, skate, and jogging paths (for maps and guides, call 310/305-9545 or stop off at the Department of Beaches and Harbors’ Visitor Information Center, at 4701 Admiralty Way, Marina del Rey).
A three-man team scores points each time the ball hits the ground on the opponent’s court or if the ball is hit out of the court.
The second time, in 1687, a shell hit a munitions store in the Parthenon — badly damaging the 2,000-year-old structure.
You’ll see rows of identical ducks alongside armies of chess pieces and perhaps some original new design of statue that hasn’t yet hit any of the shops.
In one group on Hudson Bay, males became mumiqatigiik or dancing partners, a friendship solemnized ritualistically when two buddies hit each other very hard on the face and shoulders, exchanged gifts, and danced together until exhausted.
as well. Also, you’ll enjoy your trek much more if, for several months prior to hitting the trail, you pursue a structured athletic training p
You hit boulevard Clichy, or it hits you.
But when that next book does hit the shelves, I'll pick it up and remember this exchange with pleasure.
Sgt. Scott Comiskey of the U.S. Army, who since April has been stationed in Kuwait, claims that it hit 142 degrees one day out on the live fire range.
USAT leads with the tornado that hit Salt Lake City yesterday, killing one person (as far as anyone can tell, the first tornado death in the state) and injuring 100.
As I see it, Columbine hit more of a cultural chord than the Atlanta murders because Americans are in turmoil about children and teen-agers: On the one hand, everyone's political agenda is rationalized as protecting children, whether it's censorship and drug testing or welfare and gun control; on the other, adults are fearful of young people, feel that they're out of control, and at the same time guilty about the many ways kids are being shortchanged in this enormously pressured, work-obsessed, and uptight environment.
Several missives ago, you did hit on a good point about the Internet's being important in giving consumers perfect knowledge about products and, most important, prices.
But somebody else's credibility takes a hit too: the media's.
Were the consumers who turned "Rock Around the Clock" and "Heartbreak Hotel" into hit records 9 and 10 years old?
Our kids will probably hit the road with Palm Pilot XXVIIs stuffed in their backpacks.
Clark wanted to use his air assets to target tactical assets, such as tanks and artillery pieces in the field, while Short wanted to hit strategic targets, such as ministry buildings and power plants.
Then in the '80s, a new wave of nonfiction successes hit the best-seller lists.
Bauer hit him again on the issue of most-favored-nation status for China, asking Forbes directly if he supported keeping it.
Kristol repeated this, almost verbatim, in a "Memo to Bill Bradley" that appeared in the issue of Newsweek that hit newsstands the following day:
It just hit me a few minutes ago when I was in the study repainting the red walls a redder red--a project that I estimate will take me approximately 21 painting hours since there also are 28 bookshelves and the back of each will need three coats since red paint streaks so badly--that the way we flit around from topic to topic here (and at our real breakfast table) is indicative of a bigger problem in how we live our lives.
I think they think that if they keep moving the mealtime earlier and earlier they will hit some kind of a quantum physics time-space continuum where there will be a 24-hour mealtime loop.
Why <i>Who Wants To Be a Millionaire</i> Is a Hit
Hume's a pretty nice guy, so he didn't hit Bush with the obvious and tempting follow-up questions: A book about Dean Acheson, huh?
The papers report that hardest hit in Venezuela is the coastal state of Vargas, which has been transformed, says the LAT , into "a landscape of destruction filled with the stench of death."
The world population hit 6 billion this past autumn.
But before I surrender this space, let me hit a couple of points.
Then Bauer hit Bush for not adhering to conservative values, being clandestinely pro-abortion, and assorted other sins.
1999: UPN's potential breakout hit, Shasta McCrackhead , is tamed into the disastrously dull Shasta McNasty . Look where it is in the ratings now.
But if you read the fine print stashed in a couple of the piece's crannies, you learn that "next generation" and "hit home" are rather off: the furthest available projections posit that by the year 2017, a whopping 5 percent of all deaths would be subject to the tax.
) Yesterday, a "fast-developing storm hit almost the entire eastern seaboard, leaving cities, towns, farms and mountains from Georgia to Massachusetts blanketed with the heaviest snowfall since a blizzard four years ago," according to today's Washington Post . Chatterbox, who lives in D.C.--a place that's routinely paralyzed by snow flurries--isn't denying that the snowstorm was disruptive.
Songs like their biggest hit, "," are sense-less but skillful pastiches of classic Beatles moments.
Navy warships in the Persian Gulf carrying cruise missiles capable of hitting Baghdad.
The cop weaves in a story about a hit man who snitches on a client in order to duck a domestic-violence rap.
Problem: SUVs are dangerous to the drivers of cars they hit.
We'll pass on "nine-penis wine," apparently a hit in Southeast Asia.
"The man in the long skirt with the cloche hat, doling out these white feathers to artists of the past, and hitting them over the head with his parasol, is Adam Gopnik.
Applause for this off-off Broadway play (written by Moisés Kaufman, an unknown gay Venezuelan dramatist), which finally hits the big time.
Christopher Caldwell in the Weekly Standard declares A Fan's Notes , Exley's only hit, a "masterpiece."
Republican congressional leaders reportedly hit the roof over the governors' defection and, under that pressure, they fudged their stand somewhat.
Miscellany: A series of twisters killed more than 30 people in central Texas, re-devastating a tiny town hit by a tornado eight years ago.
Almost all of Clinton's tax increase hit high-income people.
Jim Brady's slow words hit like soft hammer blows--"It was over in a moment, but the pain lasts forever."
Morton Kondracke ( The McLaughlin Group ) made it official: This crisis, he declared, is the biggest to hit Washington "since Watergate."
Anna Murdoch's demand for full disclosure of his business interests was "a ruse to wring a settlement out of the man--known for his personal parsimony--by hitting him where it hurts most."
The WP front page reports that the agreement to loosen up Japanese port procedures for U.S. vessels worked out on Friday with Japanese shipping companies under the threat of banning them from U.S. ports is widely believed by American trade officials and experts to demonstrate that every so often, to achieve trade fairness, Tokyo must be "hit with the economic equivalent of a two-by-four."
Hit Video
But Dowd must have had a little trouble making her word count: she hits Nexis (aka "Columnist Helper") pretty hard, filling out her wicked but simple point with quotes from Alexander Woolcott, P.G.
Perhaps he's next on the FTC's hit list.
Her book hit an English-speaking market that craves all things Indian: tandoori food, yoga, Deepak Chopra, the altie-hip-hop of Cornershop, chai , Homi Bhabha.
Earlier that week, Washington's governor had declared an emergency in several parts of his state after it had been hit by a set of snowstorms (this was before warm rain turned the snow into floodwater).
In a culture where Xena and Hercules have hit TV shows, it's a lot more fun imagining that you are a valiant warrior doing business-as-battle than it is to admit that you're a pudgy functionary whose most daring deed is to draft a boldly worded memo.
Huntington's The Clash of Civilizations and the Remaking of World Order is now hitting the bookstores.
Then it hit me.
We have often wondered if McGwire got ahold of a Randy Johnson fastball how far he could hit it, and I think we just saw it."
According to three physicists who have worked independently and have written extensively on the science of baseball, the human limit for hitting a baseball at sea level, under normal temperatures and with no wind, is somewhere between 450 feet and 470 feet.
A few have been hit, but all were aided by altitude, the elements, or both.
Four years later, Hammering Man , the 48-foot, 13-ton sculpture that today stands outside the Seattle Art Museum, slipped its chains at installation and hit the pavement.
Charles Burton hit his son for getting up to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night and hit him for wetting his bed if he didn't get up to go.
Which brings us to another question: Will there come a time when the human machine will hit some sort of natural limit and an Olympic Games pass without a single record tumbling?
"I'm sorry ," she said to the young cameraman who had whacked her with 40 pounds of cold steel, "but that was my head you hit!"
And CO deaths were falling steadily long before home detectors hit the market.
I don't mind a little volatility, because this makes it more likely that a new employee's options will hit a momentarily low price during that crucial first month (when new employees, paradoxically, have an incentive to want the price to go down).
The first time was last July, in my soul-and-nipple-baring Esquire piece "Confessions of a Right-Wing Hit Man."
But it doesn't take a pollster to see why alarm has suddenly intensified, as it did in the late 1950s when another bulge of kids began to hit puberty.
Within days of the story's appearance, more than 2,500 other Web sites had linked directly to Mercury Center, causing 100,000 additional hits a day for weeks afterward.
Ted Williams retired after hitting a home run in his last at-bat.
The tabloid tells how LeAnn Rimes sang her hit "Blue" to a comatose 7-year-old, who then opened her eyes for the first time since a car accident.
My personal favorite is a pop hit of 1898 by the black writer Gussie Lord Davis, about an overnight train full of passengers irritated by a sobbing infant and demanding to know where the mother is.
," a pop adaptation of the waltz that was a hit in the '50s for Della Reese [LINK TO AUDIO CLIP]and which contains one of the laziest filler couplets in lyric-writing history:
a hit for Patti Page--or, to give her her formal title, "The Singing Rage Miss Patti Page."
Would Hit Iraq Hard Despite the Likely Costs."
The WSJ editorial page revisits an argument for privatizing Social Security accounts the paper has hit before--that doing so would give blacks and married working women a much better return on their contributions than these groups now enjoy.
There he hit on a pattern based on circles in a grid which he called, after a geological formation near Bayreuth, Germany, the Louisenberg series.
There are plenty of problems with the way Hit and Run is told.
The sky isn't always sunny: Wolf gets groped by a menacing stranger, and a jealous boyfriend hits her.
These films claimed to warn America about its urban ills, but what Cagney's first breakout hit, The Public Enemy (1931), conveyed was the charisma of the amoral hood.
Conley's writing voice even has something of a macho swagger, and once in a while it hits a false note, as if she were building her broad case against the medical profession in order to get back at Gerry, the vulgar meanie.
A quick check into the sounds of its era reveals what the set's 198 pages of liner notes don't--that 1959, the year Sketches of Spain was recorded, was also the year The Soul of Spain by the mood orchestra 101 Strings hit the Top 40.
To demonstrate their growing closeness, Hytner leads the pair through jazzy swing-dance montages, along with scenes in which they hit each other with pillows (a common cinematic sign of a couple's closeness but not necessarily accurate; as an experiment, I hit my wife with a pillow, and she threw me out of the room).
There are also dirigible-shaped pods about the size of beach balls that, depending on how hard you hit the nubby pads that stick out of them, cause nearby speakers to spit out percussive clicks and bops.
"No sir, I hit him with a bat.See, he was whipping on my mom againand whipping on me too and then one dayI just got tired of being whipped onand I hit him with my uncle's metal batand just kept hitting till he didn't move.I didn't mean to kill him, just make him stop."
But he wouldn't know a spinning back-kick if it hit him in the ribs.
He hit a lot more home runs than anyone else.
Then he hit another.
Jordan hit another three-pointer.
Bob Greene reports that Jordan--the greatest basketball player of all time--was motivated by a sports fantasy: that he'd be batting for the White Sox in his first professional baseball game, and would hit a home run, round the bases and, never stopping running, just head straight from home plate to the tunnel leading out of the stadium, disappearing in front of the awed crowd.
No one has as much club speed, and when he strikes a ball, it whistles, rockets out into space on a line and then, astonishingly, rises, as though hitting another gear, some kind of warp drive, before parachuting to Earth uncannily close to where Woods wants it to go.
Eventually, catchers who can still hit retire to first base, a position for the fat, the stiff, the lame, and the halt.
www.nps.gov/glac/mammals.htm, where you scroll down a bit to hit Order Rodentia--Rodents (including the hoary marmot!)
The first number is likely to be higher for 1998--the year-to-date figure is $210 million, while the second looks to be much lower--there being no Full Monty import hit this year.
When this hit the newspapers, out-of-touch Sid denied any knowledge of the aide's activities.
The second handicapped-kid friendship story of the season (after Simon Birch ) hits the mark.
What is needed is the will to hit Iraq repeatedly from the air until Saddam backs down."
It's not just a matter of lobbing one over the plate for you to hit out of the park.
The vampires in Blade , however, can walk around in the daytime if they have prudent ultraviolet protection, but disintegrate on the spot when they are hit in either the head or the heart with a hollow-pointed bullet filled with garlic.
After transcripts and video stills of her encounter were made public, Johnson says she "hit the roof.
In "," Jeffrey Goldberg alluded to, but didn't quite hit on, the ideal baby toy for the two month to 18 month set, i.e., a spatula.
--even if the plan weren't expressly to hit the average.
You also can double-click the plus sign for any one listing or hit one of the higher numbers on the Outline toolbar to affect the whole file and expose various sub-levels of headline, posted date, etc.
 (1997) and gave Gibson one of his wildest roles ever in his script for Conspiracy Theory (1997)--which the actor hit out of the park, striking a note of authentic paranoia that put him leagues ahead of most action stars.
In short, we have hit the meta-motherlode: a claim that the independent counsel's investigation needs.
But, the paper points out, there is certainly pressure to continue talking: in the form of more bills in the making that could hit the cigarette companies with a large tax surcharge.
Hardest hit: the tech-focused Nasdaq market, down more than 36 percent from its 52-week high.
Chicago Cub Sammy Sosa hit his 54th and St. Louis Cardinal Mark McGwire hit his 55th in the race to break the 1961 record of 61 home runs in a season.
The story is accompanied by a box of tips, including: always buckle up (hitting that partition with your head is a leading cause of passenger injuries) and always request a receipt (most receipts give the cab's number).
Just as rescuers were digging out victims of Tuesday's avalanche in Austria, another hit Wednesday, decimating four buildings.
News accounts recited his résumé--the Hall of Fame, nine World Series championships, 11 All-Star games, and three American League Most Valuable Player awards--but focused on his record 56 game hitting steak in 1941, which still stands today.
This week, as the Dow hit 10,000, Glassman and Hassett repeat their argument in the Journal . They admit that the "financial establishment" has reacted with guffaws.
"We came very close to hitting this target ...
She hits her slight speech impediment harder than usual and further relaxes her already shlumpy posture.
b) "Relax, it's not like we hit a convoy of refugees or anything."
In various places around the country, schools suspended classes, and kids were questioned or even arrested due to bomb threats and rumors of grudge-bearing students with hit lists.
He doesn't hit me up for money, but I'm a little worried with the government funds ending in a month.
Kosovo update: 1) NATO hit the wrong targets again in Belgrade.
The author was hit by a minivan while walking on the side of the road in rural Maine and suffered a shattered leg and a collapsed lung.
An even sillier "silly season" story, appearing the same day on the front pages of the Times and the Financial Times , concerned the British government's decision to establish a task force to study the threat of an asteroid hitting Earth and destroying all life on the planet.
The first copies of Talk will be handed out at next Monday's launch party--held at the Statue of Liberty, which is federal, not state, property--and it hits newsstands Tuesday.
According to the National Enquirer , Jack Nicholson accidentally hit his 7-year-old son's Shih Tzu with a golf club; the pup reportedly recovered after receiving 57 stitches to the abdomen.
Hurricane Bret hit Texas.
If Microsoft does succeed in its takeover of Mattel, an unlikely event given that no such talks are in progress or even contemplated, these News Quiz Action Figures will be hitting Toys "R" Us just in time for some annual event traditionally cheapened by ritualized gift-giving stripped of any genuine feeling.
Chechens were divided over where to direct their anger: 1) at the Russians for clumsy attacks that mostly hit civilians; or 2) at the militants for provoking these assaults.
Since it was a cold night, this had a slight Monty Pythonesque quality--"Should a man come into your room and hit you over the head with a hammer, pay no mind!"
I think it makes at least an in-good-faith attempt to be fun and riveting enough on a page-by-page level so I don't feel like I'm hitting the reader with a mallet, you know, "Hey, here's this really hard impossibly smart thing.
Gore proceeded to hit this pitch out of the park, telling the crowd that if the two sluggers had "stayed in the dugout" and "didn't step up to the plate, they wouldn't hit many home runs."
"What's most troubling about this witless mishmash of whiny, infantile philosophizing and bone-crunching violence is the increasing realization that it actually thinks it's saying something of significance" (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ). Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times derides it as a "frankly and cheerfully fascist big-star movie," labels the violence "macho porn," and frets that though "sensible people know that if you hit someone with an ungloved hand hard enough, you're going to end up with broken bones, the guys in Fight Club have fists of steel, and hammer one another while the sound effects guys beat the hell out of Naugahyde sofas with Ping-Pong paddles."
Direct Hit tracked the paths of about 1,400 Web surfers who entered the names Al Gore or Bill Bradley into search engines from Oct. 22 to Oct. 27.
By contrast, Bradley's official site was the most common destination of those who entered Bradley's name into a search engine, according to Direct Hit.
The third-most-visited Gore site, according to Direct Hit, is an Al Gore joke repository, posted on the home page of a GeoCities member and sponsored by the Ripon College Republicans.
And it's possible (though statistically unlikely) that large numbers of Web surfers using search engines not measured by Direct Hit were flocking to the Gore site.
It's a hit, a triumphant comeback, we get it."
Live has been a monster hit ever since.
Explainer was humming along just great, hitting the nails on the head, until the last sentence: "And a browser's source code is only a fraction of the size of that of an operating system."
Even when Anderson does hit on major issues--crime prevention, environmental protection, foreign policy--his phrasing is without nuance and sometimes without sense.
2. Moderator Tim Russert invites Bush to hit McCain on the FCC story, but Bush says McCain has addressed the story adequately.
The number of poor who are uninsured held steady, while the middle class suffered a hit.
Asked if Starr needed to hit a home run today, Hyde is quoted: "I'd settle for a line drive over third."
Henry Shelton's comment that targets successfully hit included Saddam's Baghdad military headquarters and barracks there housing his security forces.
This time, after a British plane was shot at, American warplanes hit the three ground targets implicated with missiles and smart bombs.
Both the WP and LAT leads report that Madeleine Albright spoke to Milosevic on the phone yesterday, telling him that airstrikes would hit his country hard.
Yes, there's the familiar 56-game hitting streak.
What about that hit sitcom The Beverly Hillbillies ? ( Beverly Hills 90210 is merely a few blocks over and up from that.)
The WB network's hit family series 7 th Heaven has been celebrated for its uncommon pleasantness and normalcy by publications as disparate as The New Yorker , Spin , and TV Guide . Now, you can indulge the show in that fashion if you've seen it once or twice, but after repeated viewing you can't help suspecting that its niceness is the punch line to a dark joke.
The second-hottest it's ever been, anywhere, was right here in the United States, when it hit 134 degrees at the Greenland Ranch in Death Valley, Calif., on July 10, 1913.
The old standby, Nuit de Paris, is all right (provided you hit the right nuit).
boffo The only speculation about its etymology cited is Merriam-Webster's 12,000 Words: “from boffola, a `belly-laugh,' which in turn comes from boff, a `belly-laugh,' `gag,' `hit,' perhaps based on `box office.
He thought the better of his decision when the papers hit the streets, and a contingent of Sharps marched into the newspaper office.
' Since the machine is not, as generally believed in former years, a new kind of calculator but rather a high-speed symbol manipulator, ordinateur hits the mark.
He hit me daddy--and then he kicked me in the heinie.
If you had to find one word in Spanish for our special meaning you would have to choose among the Spanish equivalents of discussion, debate , or quarrel , none of which quite hits the mark.
An early instance of this change, when the shit hits the fan , is by now so ingrained in the public lexicon that few recall the original expression, when the smoke hits the fan .
The hypocrite was neatly described as Hit's ill for da kettle crook tae ca da kettle black , while ` Caff [chaff] aye flees heicher [flies higher] dan guid coarn summed up a false friend who deserts one in trouble.
Expressions like to come on to someone or to hit on someone, or to make a pass , being largely informal, seem to have a frivolous, or sometimes even a threatening connotation.
If all else fails, they could hit the DWIM key.
The notice came at about the time the plane was hitting the South Tower.
The notice NEADS received at 9:24 was that American 11 had not hit the World Trade Center and was heading for Washington, D.C.
At 9:39, the NMCC's deputy director for operations, a military officer, opened the call from the Pentagon, which had just been hit.
The President wanted the United States to strike the Taliban, step back, wait to see if they got the message, and hit them hard if they did not.
That heightened worry would become even more obvious early in 1999, when he addressed the National Academy of Sciences and presented his most somber account yet of what could happen if the United States were hit, unprepared, by terrorists wielding either weapons of mass destruction or potent cyberweapons.
Berger has told us that he thought about what might happen if the decision went against hitting al Shifa, and nerve gas was used in a New York subway two weeks later.
The aim of the resolution was to hit the Taliban where it was most sensitive- on the battlefield against the Northern Alliance-and criminalize giving them arms and providing military "advisers," which Pakistan had been doing.
He knew that the Tomahawks did not always hit their targets.
In the first months of 1999, the Joint Staff had developed broader target lists to undertake a "focused campaign" against the infrastructure of Bin Ladin's network and to hit Taliban government sites as well.
They felt, just as they had for the past two years, that hitting inexpensive and rudimentary training camps with costly missiles would not do much good and might even help al Qaeda if the strikes failed to kill Bin Ladin.
Atta explained that Hanjour was assigned to attack the Pentagon, Jarrah the Capitol, and that both Atta and Shehhi would hit the World Trade Center.
Clearly, however, the prospect of another plane hitting the second building was beyond the contemplation of anyone giving advice.
At the lower end of the impact, the 78th-floor sky lobby, hundreds had been waiting to evacuate when the plane hit.
Almost immediately after the South Tower was hit, senior FDNY chiefs in the North Tower lobby huddled to discuss strategy for the operations in the two towers.
After the South Tower was hit, OEM senior leadership decided to remain in its "bunker" and continue conducting operations, even though all civilians had been evacuated from 7 WTC.
Despite the initial advice given over its public-address system, the South Tower was ordered to be evacuated by the FDNY and PAPD within 12 minutes of the North Tower's being hit.
We utilize an operational definition of an ortholog: two open reading frames are considered orthologous, if and only if they are each other's top scoring BLAST hit when one is used as a query to search the other genome.
7 bp in the MA would be considered as a hit.
Both the +1 and -1 frames hit stop codons in GFP within 10 amino acids of the random peptide sequence.
, an arrow may consistently hit the target area, but never hit the bulls-eye).
When one hit aligns with more than one region of the query sequence, the entire hit is discarded if any of the alignments does not meet the above criteria.
Threading with the combined-fold prediction algorithm also gave the MBP1p APSES domain as the best hit with a very high Z-score (Z = 60), suggesting that the KilA-N domain was highly likely to adopt the same fold as the APSES domain.
A hit that is found by multiple members of two distinct groups of proteins, even with low BLAST scores, can be examined closely to determine whether it provides a link between the groups.
The degree of codon-preserving bias present in a hit was estimated by comparing the percent nucleotide identity between the hit and the most similar EPK with the percent amino-acid identity seen over the same region.
We found that this promoter region is hit by our CSE chr4p_0043880 (its human location is chr4: 124039778-124040406).
In most cases, either no Anopheles blast hit or non-homologous sequence was returned.
We can aim more precisely and hit the target more often.
Carols are playing just about everywhere as shoppers hit stores for their annual holiday gift-buying.
On the right, nationalist forces were motivated by a desire to hit back at Germany, seeing all contact with foreigners or any form of “cosmopolitanism” as a threat to national honor and integrity.
The first man to hit the ground with a part of the body other than the feet loses the contest.
A three-man team scores points each time the ball hits the ground on the opponent’s court or if the ball is hit out of the court.
The prince’s younger brother, Prince Manuel, was also hit, but he survived and was thus propelled to the throne at the tender age of 19.
The well-planned Taman Burung Bali Bird Park, with over a hundred species of birds, is always a hit with children.
An industrial city, Santiago was hit especially hard when Cuba lost its Soviet support and Eastern bloc trade partners during the Special Period.
Desegregation in schools, which hit many southern cities hard in the 1960s, passed off in New Orleans with a minimum of trouble.
That wouldn't be the same David Brock who wrote a 1992 American Spectator hit piece calling Anita Hill "a bit nutty and a bit slutty," would it?
At one point, he says, the firm tried to branch out from guns into motorcycle helmets, but was soon hit with a $100,000 legal judgment paid to the family of a young man who died in an accident while wearing a Taurus model.
But you've certainly hit on something by focusing on Miller's partiality to music that "brings us all together."
In any case, you hit all the high points of the arguments pro and con that are taking place, so let me address them one by one.
A NYT "Week in Review" piece takes on the First Golfer's notorious habit of hitting "mulligans," or spontaneous "do-overs," after flubbed strokes: "Mr. Clinton, after all, claimed that he did not inhale, and that he did not have sexual relations with that woman.
That's when Elvis recorded his first No. 1 hit, "Heartbreak Hotel."
He's recorded a hit single, a love song to the Dreamcast, and Sega printed up a limited edition of six phone cards with his image on them.
I hit them with surprise quizzes and tests and destroyed them with the ponderous detailed examinations concocted by college professors who assemble high school textbooks.
Girl, who has waitress job, takes hit from passing bullet in coffee-shop altercation; boy, who has special powers, heals her with his unearthly touch.
Once and Again 's success has been taken as a sign that a show doesn't have to appeal to that desperately sought-after 18-to-34 demographic in order to be a hit.
Gary Bauer launched the only direct attack on a fellow candidate, when he once again hit Forbes, this time on Forbes's flat-tax proposal, which exempts inheritance and capital gains.
I did it a couple of times accidentally about three years ago, when I was still confused about how search engines worked and couldn't figure out which juicy inviting button near the top of the screen to hit.
As one harried frequent flyer laments, "If the airplane hits a bump, you have all the salt on the wrong spot."
I wonder what the first Chinese products to hit our stores will be?
Making predictions about the world in 2100 is a very uncertain business, as you stressed on Tuesday, but it's fun, and you have at least a chance of being right (and if some of your predictions involve the lengthening of the human life span, and you hit the mark there, you may even still be around to see how you did on the others).
For one thing, a story wouldn't necessarily be bad journalism if it hit on all four of Rosen's cylinders.
So much for my hitting up Time Warner for an ergonomically correct easy chair.
This includes conservatives such as Tucker Carlson ( LE ) and John McLaughlin ( MG ), who pronounces Hillary "a hit.
He's a nine-time Pro Bowl linebacker with Kansas City, and while going to the airport, his car hits a patch of ice and he's not wearing his seat belt and he's thrown from the car and he's paralyzed from the waist down.
If Hamm can score from 25 yards out on a shot struck with either foot on a full gallop, or tennis player Venus Williams can hit a serve 127 mph--faster than Andre Agassi was serving at Wimbledon this year--doesn't that force us to reconsider what it means to "play like a girl"?
While it's true that expansion temporarily diluted the talent pool, the DH artificially increased offense, and players have gained the economic upper hand, there is a widespread consensus that the quality of the game itself is as good as or better than ever . Improvements in hitting have been matched by craftier pitching (by such hurlers as Atlanta's Greg Maddux and Baltimore's Mike Mussina).
And they don't need to--the 13 missiles they supposedly have aimed at the United States have always been judged capable of hitting U.S. cities by the Pentagon (though China's difficulty in commercial launches casts doubt on the Pentagon's assessment).
A story warns of the flood of Monica merchandise about to hit stores.
(The newsweeklies' bad luck: Clinton's Monday testimony means the mags will be outdated by the time they hit newsstands.)
New York recently featured this literary murder mystery as a case study in "breakthrough" marketing--its publisher, Viking, hoped to position it as a middlebrow hit, like Annie Proulx's The Shipping News . Reviewers aren't cooperating.
Critics scoff at two new late-night talk shows, hosted by black stand-up comics, as poor replicas of the early '90s hit The Arsenio Hall Show . Vibe , produced by Quincy Jones, and Keenen , made by the creator of the comedy series In Living Color , are pronounced "indistinguishable" (James Collins, Time ) and "hard to stay awake through" (Howard Rosenberg, the Los Angles Times ). The main gripes are that the programs stick to a "banal" (Caryn James, the New York Times ) talk show formula and have even less bite than David Letterman's or Jay Leno's network show.
The fledgling WB network hopes that this prime-time teen soap opera, alongside its cult hit Buffy the Vampire Slayer , will launch it toward Fox-like legitimacy.
Post reported that a Republican House committee counsel hit up investment firms for $100,000 contributions to the GOP shortly after working on financial-deregulation legislation.
The jet allegedly came within 130 feet of hitting the gondola after flying just 300 to 500 feet above the ground--well below its permitted altitude--for at least seven miles, bolstering the theory that the crew was flying recklessly.
Thus the ad hits its target--but it never attempts to tell us why Crown Royal hits the spot.
Ellen DeGeneres just came out as a lesbian on the cover of Time , and she's doing it on the April 30 episode of her hit network sitcom, Ellen . Her exit from the Hollywood closet is a milestone: No other star has stepped out of it at the height of his or her career.
It is vital that the prime minister "hit back and distance his party from her divisive and hate-mongering politics."
The fight, says the Times , has hit Congress too.
The Washington Post is more pessimistic, saying that pro forces have "hit a brick wall in their attempts to muster the votes."
The NYT hits the nail a little more squarely: "Tentative Accord is Reached to Cut Greenhouse Gases."
(Bit of advice for the president: Harry hasn't had a hit for five years.
Moyers also gets hit for making money off public television.
If it's OK for the commander in chief to hit on women in the office, why should we prosecute a man so much farther down the military chain of command?
On this measure, the Dow Jones industrial average of 6,000 today is only 60 percent of the DJIA of 30 years ago, when it hit 1,000.
Having hit 90 percent 15 years ago, you wouldn't think that heroin purity could keep rising.
Although Johnson whiffed McGwire twice on the way to a record-breaking total of 19 strikeouts, McGwire hit what was estimated as the longest home run in at least a decade.
the longest home run I think I have ever seen hit."
Rex and Hawks agree that any home run hit that far must approximate the "maximum-distance trajectory"--that is it can only be a high fly or a normal fly, not a line drive.
The Red Sox can't see where balls, hit beyond "The Monster" into the street, land.
From the outset of the investigation, the FBI has been saying, convincingly, that a missile hit was a near-impossibility.
When he hit 25 stamps for the first time, Mrs. Sun gave him a plastic statuette of Mozart.
Already, most Americans never pay an income-tax rate higher than 15 percent (the 1995 median household income was $34,076--a married couple would have to make more than $40,100 to hit the next tax bracket).
But alas, we've hit a sure conversation-stopper now: the question of white power.
(Type cd windows\system , for example, and hit Enter.)
I thought, "What the hell," and just hit it, and I swear to God it went 50 yards farther than any drive I'd ever hit.
This expression appears occasionally throughout the history of inaugurals, but it has hit its stride in recent years.
Imagine if Michael Lasky, the former racing handicapper who ran Inphomation into the ground, had seen two years ago that margins were going to decline, that in the absence of any professional requirements more and more psychics would be entering the market, that the time for infomercials had passed, and that the Psychic Friends brand name had hit its peak.
When a motorcyclist was hit broadside by a car on a local road, ambulance workers stabilized his neck and back and whisked him over to the nearest facility--a suburban for-profit hospital.
The tabloids hit a macabre trifecta this month with extensive reports on three of their major stories: the murder of JonBenet Ramsey, the death of Princess Diana, and the dead duck presidency of Bill Clinton.
"" is a takeoff on the '60s hit "I'm a Soul Man," and its most immediate quality is that it's so un-Dole.
Bonds, though that may be because he's only had one hit in the last 15 years.
It remains, incidentally, the biggest hit ever written about a London banker who meets a hula-hula girl.
The Washington Post leads with oil prices hitting a ten-year low.
The NYT points out that the World Bank's action to stop loans for an electrical power grid not only hits India--a country frequently affected by power failures and shortages--hard, but also serves as a signal to Pakistan about what sorts of sanctions it can expect if it responds to India with a nuclear test of its own.
But it does hit a nerve, so Mintz spends his last chapter pondering the question of whether America has a cuisine after all.
Hit and Run is further undercut by parochialism, especially evident in its constant use of Hollywood jargon.
He despairs of his father the failed lawyer, the gunner who can't hit a bird that doesn't bother with flight, the pajama-clad alcoholic who squelches his cigarettes in his own excrement.
By the time I hit 16, my understanding of Jewish gangsters had become substantially more nuanced.
Note how the swirls of gold hit the body over the breasts, navel, and ovaries, while the leopard's spots slink over the crotch, thighs, and knees.
(Actually, this joke was first made by E. Max Frye in his underrated 1993 farce Amos & Andrew , in which a Spike-like playwright has a Broadway hit called Yo Brother, Where Art Thou?
"No sir, I hit him with a bat.See, he was whipping on my mom againand whipping on me too and then one dayI just got tired of being whipped onand I hit him with my uncle's metal batand just kept hitting till he didn't move.I didn't mean to kill him, just make him stop."
In July 1994, the biggest hit of her career, "Amor Prohibido," reached No.
They tested it, and it hit."
At one point, he'd taken 14 shots and hit only four.
Jordan hit an impossible 15-foot turnaround jumper.
Jordan hit six shots in a row, missed one, then hit again, at which point he was laughing.
With a one-shot lead, Wiebe played the 17 th hole perfectly, hitting safely over a pond to the fat part of the green.
The next hole, the 17 th , we all watched in gut-wrenching horror as Lehman hit his approach shot into the pond.
He is otherwise steady on defense and can hit home runs.
Do not start hitting the bottle, for starters.
The 19 th century British gardener Gertrude Jekyll was the first to suggest pairing ferns with daffodils, pointing out that just as the daffodil foliage begins to brown and die back, the fern hits its stride and covers the mess.
So Alexis hit the road, trying to help localities figure out how to get the most out of what was left and trying to help corporations make more progress on hiring minorities and marketing to African-Americans.
Examining the effectiveness of U.S. sanctions, fraygrants agreed that sanctions, if they have any effect at all, will hit Pakistan harder than they will India.
The third installment in the adventures of Henry Bech, an aging urban Jewish writer, is deemed "one of Updike's less ambitious works" but still "filled with pleasures" (Brian Morton, the Chicago Tribune ). Although said to be occasionally self-indulgent, this collection of interconnected stories is hailed as generally witty, and its sendups of the publishing business are reported to have hit home.
And though the Bose hit the low octaves of the acoustic bass, the Cambridge caught the finger-pluckings of the bass strings.
I live in Tulsa, Okla., and your story "Give It Back to the Injuns" hit the nail right on the head.
That is, if you can stand the noise produced by wooden spoons hitting Tupperware.
7) At the same auction, the ball Hank Aaron hit for his record-setting 755 th career home run drew no bids.
Perhaps the task is not to shoot the sitting duck but to sneak up on it, loop a rope around its webbed feet, hang it upside down, and hit it with a stick until it bursts apart, raining toys and candy on the kids cavorting below--something surprising yet delightfully violent.
The plaintiffs' spin: The site is "a hit list for terrorists" and is also intended to scare doctors out of the business.
Try this: Select a department you want to print (it can't be the first one, Today's Papers, for some damned reason) and hit the "Create Subdocument" toolbar icon.
The Times does what it can to unbuff the image, running a picture of Heston that seems to show him either a) getting a hit off the gunpowder fumes on his fingertips, b) blowing kisses or c) throwing up.
The piece then inadvertently throws dirt on the face of director Barry Levinson by crediting his hit "Wag the Dog" to James L. Brooks.
The NYT adds the news that Iraqi scientists were helping with the nerve gas-related production at the factory that was hit as well as at another one a few miles away.
The Los Angeles Times headline omits that detail in favor of mentioning that high-tech stocks got hit hard.
The WP , once again flashing its command of Beltway exits, leads with Sammy Sosa hitting two home runs to tie Mark McGwire.
The message was one line, and it hit me in the solar plexus: "Just wanted to say I love you."
1985: "We Are the World" Gives Hope to Rock Has-Beens Starving for a Hit
Those who like the show call it "immensely enjoyable" (Jess Cagle, Entertainment Weekly ) and say it "takes a new bead on the familiar old target and hits the bull's-eye with ease" (Richard Zoglin, Time ). Those who don't like it say that the new version (expurgated of several un-PC songs) is an uneasy mix of '40s and '90s sensibilities and falls flat.
I told it to go to my CD-ROM drive where the Linux CD resided--and promptly hit a brick wall.
"" asked, "Why did the weather prevent NATO from hitting the Serbian forces purging the refugees, when it didn't seem to hamper the bombing of Belgrade?
The long-haired model was hit in the nose by a goose while promoting a roller coaster ride at Busch Gardens in Virginia.
b) "Relax, it's not like we hit a convoy of refugees or anything."
Entrapment doesn't hit the rest of its marks with comparable élan, but it's bearable.
T he Mummy isn't as inept as last year's Godzilla --it more or less hits its marks, and some nonindustry people at the preview I attended claimed to have been entertained.
And when your team is hitting, you spend nearly all that time sitting in the dugout.
Midlife hits Lincoln Center Hamptons feud and fret and playing with pain walk in clients' shoes
That's when he hit rock bottom.
At six minutes past 7, the electricity hits Jesse Tafero and his head bursts into flame.
Before hitting No.
They hit upon the idea of issuing "parks revenue bonds," which didn't require voter approval, and pledging revenues from the city's golf courses, parks, and zoo to pay them down.
Christian schoolmasters want the court to lift the ban on their fundamental human right to hit children with a stick.
Australian business interests in Indonesia are being hit by the surge of anti-Australian emotion.
Sure it references American minimalism, and sends it up, but that's hardly his unique achievement: American avant-garde art has been doing that almost since Judd and Morris, the pioneer minimalists, hit the scene.
and that's when you get hit by the meteorite."
just sit around hitting the bong, watching CNN, and sending Secret Service guys out to bring back some Taco Bell.
They continued to offer multithousand dollar jackpots: If a gambler hit the jackpot, he was simply paid $125 a day for as many days as it took to empty the pot.
The country's most famous wandering eye, however, still belongs to President Bill Clinton, who (the Star tardily reports) hit on Tipper Gore during the 1992 campaign.
The official site "didn't even make the top 50" choices of those who searched for Gore's name, according to a Direct Hit executive.
"We process the data from our partners on a daily basis," says Gary Culliss, Direct Hit's chairman and co-founder.
Now on a Tripod home page, the site itself claims to have been hit only 1,110 times since December 1998.
' " But Keeping Tabs didn't need to ask Leeves for her thoughts on the Tinseltown thin parade, because she already had--in an interview with the actress that appeared in USA Weekend just before the Star hit the newsstands.
Over $100 billion in current dollars has been spent on missile defense since the early '60s, but the task of hitting a hypersonic bullet with a bullet remains a ticklish one.
I felt the spot on Bob's throat, nestled under muscle, where I would pierce the skin and hit the internal jugular vein.
Gore has outspent Bradley by a wide margin and is close to hitting the spending caps.
They call him "ruthless," "bombastic," "in-your-face," an "aggressive hardliner," a "bulldog," and a "hit man."
Hardest hit by Mitch were Honduras and Nicaragua.
The LAT front reports that new studies show that although AIDS was slow in coming to South Africa, that country is now the place on the planet hardest hit by the disease.
The NYT front features a story stating that while American and British forces have targeted military, intelligence, and communications facilities, they have avoided hitting known Iraqi chemical and biological weapons sites in order to avoid unleashing plumes of poisons into the air that could kill Iraqi civilians.
Later, says the paper, the Pentagon acknowledged that a brand-new type of video-guided missile may have missed its intended target and hit houses instead.
USA Today leads with a forecast that this week severe late-winter snow storms will hit much of the country east of the Rocky Mountains, while tornadoes will hit Texas, Arkansas, and Missouri.
There are many passages in this novel that are hard not to read as commentary on today's Topic A. Until the book hits bookstores in a week or so, you'll have to make do with this sample:
Beautifully acted, beautifully scored, and most beautifully shot, it gives a self-conscious nod to mob-movie romanticism without gutting the myth a la Scorsese's 1990 gangster hit, Goodfellas . (It also provides the best role Gabriel Byrne is ever likely to get: half Richard Burton, half Al Pacino)
He just seemed more relaxed yesterday--less of a snake-oil salesman, less apt to be pissed-off by rude questions, more willing to hit back, but in a good-natured way, and more confident about his own achievements.
) As previously stated, the hottest day in the U.S. was July 10, 1913, when it hit 134 degrees in Death Valley, Calif.
' Any book that keeps us literallly glued to our seat actually keeps us figuratively glued to our seat, a near miss (which is a`collision') is a `near hit,' something that falls between the cracks would in reality land on the planks or the concrete, a big traffic bottleneck is a `small bottleneck,' and a hot cup of coffee is really a `cup of hot coffee.
As I started to get on my feet he hit me twice.
’ It seems to me that if you are going to explain something, explain it all: doesn't hit require the modifier “safely’?
Glass: rocks glass, with Glass: Collins, with ice ice PURPLE JESUS (This drink became pop- ½ ounce vodka ular after a series of data- Graps juice to fill strophic mudslides hit Glass: highball, with ice the california coast.)
The Dutch, most notably, have adopted an English expletive too coarse to reproduce here (though if I say, “hits the fan” I expect you'll be with me), but they use it as a mild and largely meaningless epithet, roughly equivalent to our gosh or golly or even just hmmmm --to such an extent, I am told that they must now take special care not to startle English-speaking visitors.
If a big calf or steer was roped with one of these rawhide lariats attached solidly to the saddle horn, American style, and the roping horse came to an abrupt halt or sat back so that the roped animal hit the rope at a run, the lasso tended to stretch like a rubber band and then snap, possibly springing back to knock an eye out of the cowboy.
Rather, the so-called unerringness of native speech is in part hit or myth.
If you recall, “When the moon hits your eye like a great pizza pie/That's amore.”
In The Crossing McCarthy hits his stride in dialogue in colloquial Mexican Spanish and does himself proud.
However, it was only a mere 5,000 years ago that Homo loquens hit upon writing down some of the Babelian babble around him--and there has been no stopping him since!
Shortly after 8:50, while NEADS personnel were still trying to locate the flight, word reached them that a plane had hit the World Trade Center.
Right after the Pentagon was hit, NEADS learned of another possible hijacked aircraft.
The FAA manager of the teleconference also remembered that the military participated only briefly before the Pentagon was hit.
He learned in the tunnel that the Pentagon had been hit, and he saw television coverage of smoke coming from the building.
In Phase Two, air strikes and Special Operations attacks would hit key al Qaeda and Taliban targets.
Harun faxed a report on the "security situation" to several sites, warning that "the crew members in East Africa is [sic] in grave danger" in part because "America knows . . . that the followers of [Bin Ladin] . . . carried out the operations to hit Americans in Somalia."
The argument for hitting the tannery was that it could hurt Bin Ladin financially.
Though most of them hit their intended targets, neither Bin Ladin nor any other terrorist leader was killed.
Tenet said he remembered doubts about the reliability of the source and concern about hitting the nearby mosque."
In fairness, we note two points: First, in December 1998, the principals' wariness about ordering a strike appears to have been vindicated: Bin Ladin left his room unexpectedly, and if a strike had been ordered he would not have been RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 141 hit.
Indeed, KSM describes a grandiose original plan: a total of ten aircraft to be hijacked, nine of which would crash into targets on both coasts-they included those eventually hit on September 11 plus CIA and FBI headquarters, nuclear power plants, and the tallest buildings in California and the state of Washington.
In the configuration planned by the Air Force through mid-2001, the Predator's missile would not be able to hit a moving vehicle.
The deputy fire safety director in the lobby, while immediately aware that a major incident had occurred, did not know for approximately ten minutes that a commercial jet had directly hit the building.
At 9:03:11, the hijacked United Airlines Flight 175 hit 2 WTC (the South Tower) from the south, crashing through the 77th to 85th floors.
Evidence suggests that the public-address system did not continue to function after the building was hit.
Immediately after the second plane hit, the Chief of Department of the NYPD ordered a second Level 4 mobilization, bringing the total number of NYPD officers responding to close to 2,000.
At 9:37, the west wall of the Pentagon was hit by hijacked American Airlines Flight 77, a Boeing 757.
However for several well studied segmentation genes (specifically even-skipped, giant, hairy, hunchback, knirps, Kruppel, and tailless), with 15 known modules, we squarely hit 7 when looking over the entire 10 kb upstream of translation start (gt, kni, Kr-730, Kr-CD2, eve3-7, eve autoregulatory element, h-7), Fig.
QuartOPs are similar to the clusters of orthologous groups (COGs) maintained by the NCBI [ 26 27 28 ] , but differ in that COGs require only unidirectional, circular best hit relationships for three of the reference genomes, whereas we require the reciprocal top hit relationship for the four genomes included in a quartet, and we do not limit our identification of QuartOPs to a number of reference genomes.
The "hit" lay between the annotated open reading frames H0212B02.
The criteria for a partner hit are listed in Table 1. Unless there is an exact match (Criterion No.
First, to avoid the inclusion of sequences from additional closely related paralogous genes, we used a BLAST hit cutoff of 98%, so that only reads at least 98% similar to the query sequence were selected.
We therefore make at most one prediction per gene - zero if there is no hit above the predefined threshold within the scanned region.
It then sorts the hits found by all of the proteins, and for each hit, identifies the query sequences that found that hit.
The hit set was also found to contain a number of sequences with even more remote similarity to EPKs, such as lipid kinases and antibiotic-resistance genes.
The resulting filtered hit set was manually reviewed by aligning the protein sequence of each hit with the catalytic domains of known EPKs and looking for the presence of a loose pattern of conserved residues known to be distinctive for the family [ 9, 10, 11].
Clearly, most of the RefSeq genes have at least one CSE hit.
Multivalent CSEs can be used to find genomic segment duplication because these CSEs that hit once in one genome hit multiple times in the other genome.
Whether this awareness is viewed as a "hitting bottom" phenomenon or in more traditional motivational terms, there does seem to be a connection between readiness to change and recognition that negative consequences can be directly linked to a behavior.
House of Representatives from the Chicago area, did not disclose how big the state's hit would be but issued a statement Thursday pointing out that only four states would lose more federal money than Illinois in 2003.
Priority Mail, Bound Printed Matter and Media Mail---gosh I'm having a hard time keeping up with all these name changes---took a bit of a hit, 1 percent more, give or take, than the USPS requested, based primarily on cost updates.
Businessmen who by day rule their companies can still — despite a recession that has hit the late-night entertainment industry hard — be seen in nightclubs being pampered by fawning hostesses, giggling over countless glasses of whisky or sake and singing karaoke versions of Frank Sinatra’s “I Did It My Way,” only to collapse in a disheveled heap on the last train home.
An admission fee is charged (good for a free drink and chips in the amount of admission); you will need to take your passport if you wish to do more than hit the ground-level slot machines (the real gambling is upstairs).
As part of the mid-September festival at this shrine, there is a spectacular tournament of archery on horseback (yabusame), in which contestants dressed in the costume of Kamakura-period huntsmen must hit a series of three small wooden targets as they come down a narrow course at full gallop.
In September 1687 Venetian forces threatened Athens and one of their mortars hit the Parthenon, igniting the powder inside.
The Great Depression hit California hard.
Within its bounds can be found an amazing array of animal, bird, and plant life, but what you see is very much dependent upon the time of year you visit and, even then, can be very hit or miss.

You hit boulevard Clichy, or it hits you.
