Excellent reviews for this doorstop-sized biography on the legendary financier: "a magnificent, insightful study" (Maury Klein, the Wall Street Journal ). Reviewers are impressed by Strouse's extensive research, which turned up a truckload of new details on Morgan's life and, more importantly, by the balanced portrait that she provides of a man whose biographies have to date been colored by vindictive accounts from contemporaries with axes to grind.
The overgrown façade of his house was legendary in Washington, as were the garden's weeds, mud, and the black plastic pond tubs he never bothered to sink into the ground.
White Oak chardonnay boasts a "mouth-filling richness," McDowell's syrah is "ripe-flavored and appealing for immediate enjoyment," Turnbull's cabernet sauvignon has "legendary concentration and elegance," and Truchard's version of the same grape has "great character and distinction."
Castro was imprisoned and put on trial; his legendary two-hour defense speech, later published as History Will Absolve Me, became a revolutionary manifesto.
At the end of the legendary road to Hana on Maui’s remote and lush east shore, this quiet upscale resort on 66 acres with a wild volcanic oceanfront is the oldest in Maui (1946).
Barr, one of 73 members of the legendary "freshman class" of 1994, seized the opening.
Then the phone rang, and on the other end was Michael Eisner, the by-then legendary CEO of the Walt Disney Co.
The rumor of a Senate run seems dead, but a local satirical revue proposes that Clinton capitalize on his legendary press-the-flesh skill by working as a Wal-Mart greeter.
A long series of conflicts, however, including the legendary siege of Troy, weakened these mighty mainland warriors.
David Westin, the top choice to replace the legendary Roone Arledge as head of ABC News, thinks 10 p.m. news could draw an audience two or three times larger than the early-evening news currently draws.
Indeed, Steele seems to have followed Strout's Law, which summarizes the advice of legendary journalist Richard Strout to "sell every story three times."
According to my sources at the time, Morris was desperately pushing for a budget deal and making the kind of hilariously precise electoral promises for which he was legendary: If he compromised with Gingrich, Clinton would win by a 14-point margin, take back Congress, and so forth.
Less taxing would be a week in and around Shanghai, emphasizing the legendary charms of Wuxi, Suzhou, and Hangzhou.
The superbly landscaped Shuhekein pond garden is a legendary spot for meditation and contemplation in every season.
(Montréal’s legendary ice hockey team, the Canadiens, plays at the other end of town at the Molson Centre, a new arena near Place Bonaventure.)
It was dedicated to the legendary Emperor Ojin, from whom Yoritomo claimed descent.
The real-life Cahill, who thrived in Dublin in the '80s and was gunned down in 1994, was the most legendary criminal in modern Irish history.
The electronic technology spurt that followed is now legendary.
Does such crowding account for Japan’s legendary tradition of politeness, self-discipline, and resigned acceptance?
Erechtheus — part man, part snake — was a legendary King of Athens who, over the generations, became closely connected with Poseidon.
Burton's take on Washington Irving's legendary headless horseman is one of the great nightmare images in movies.
The legendary Arledge is depicted as detached, lazy, and old.
It compares the Webzine Salon to legendary San Francisco columnist Herb Caen: The Web can't replicate the "emphatically local" sense of place that made Caen so popular.
The most significant expedition under Manuel’s flag was Vasco da Gama’s legendary sea voyage from Lisbon in the summer of 1497 — immortalized in The Lusiads (1572), the epic poem by Portugal’s national poet, Luís de Camões (1524–1580).
In its recent obituary of a legendary cold war spy, the NYT suggested that he was the conduit via which the U.S. arranged for Vietnamese generals to assassinate South Vietnam's president Ngo Dinh Diem in 1963.
A new biography of Billy Tipton--an obscure jazzman who was revealed, only at death, to have been a jazzwoman--elevates its subject into the "pantheon of legendary women who have successfully passed as men" (Holly Brubach, the New York Times Book Review ). Middlebrook, a professor at Stanford, uses Tipton to support the postmodernist contention that gender is a historic construction, but critics mostly wax prurient.
And in the 1970s, legendary '60s adman Jerry Della Femina wrote simply, "Most account guys live with fear in their hearts."
T he specific group to which Halkin refers is the legendary (or notorious) "Revenge Group" organization founded in 1945 by a young, charismatic poet named Abba Kovner, who is at the center of a fascinating little chapter in the history of revenge killings.
Also wander along the Malecón, the seaside avenue, from the snug Fuerte Matachín (an early 19th-century fort that has a small municipal museum attached) to the Hotel La Rusa, named after a legendary and glamorous Russian émigrée who over the years hosted celebrities from Che and Fidel to Errol Flynn.
Present were all the legendary figures in political journalism.
Dublin theater is legendary, and no visitor should miss seeing a performance at the Abbey Theatre or Gate Theatre.
As evidence, one might want to look at Guess Inc., the jeans maker legendary for making Anna Nicole Smith a household name (well, in some households at least).
Although the Marcianos are legendary for their abusive and intimidating management style--one former company CFO called Paul Marciano "psychotic" in a sworn affidavit--and for their habit of taking huge dividends out of the company's profits, they're not doing anything different today from the way they did business three years ago.
For years, Manzanillo has been known for its wide, curving beaches, legendary sportfishing, and a highly praised diversity of dive sites.
He launched a magazine--demonstrating, according to Reuters, that "like other members of his legendary family, Kennedy had a taste for danger and took risks."
(Eszterhas' sex fixation is legendary and comical: His original draft of One Night Stand [1997] opened with a 65-page description of a marathon sex session.)
In one inspired moment, the Renaissance braggart has combined the legendary technical wizardry he loved to show off as a goldsmith with undeniable sculptural beauty.
She's supposed to be an undercover insurance operative who's out to catch legendary burglar Sean Connery in the act of stealing a priceless Chinese mask--or is she actually a thief herself planning to bag the scrumptious Scotsman along with the motherlode?
Prince Géza, his great-grandson, embraced Christianity, and on the legendary date of Christmas Day a.d. 1000, Géza’s son, Steven (István), later St. Stephen (Szent István), was crowned the first king of Hungary in the city of Esztergom, situated on the Danube Bend.
Accounts of Helprin's penchant for amusing or self-aggrandizing exaggeration are legendary in the literary world.
The Hollywood production attracted the attention of the international media, who came looking for gossip about the torrid romances of the film’s legendary stars.
A psychiatrist could make the case that the star's legendary promiscuity, with its attendant insulation and fear of commitment, has artistic consequences.
Rather, it is a place to see the daily life of a major Chinese industrial city and to begin some outstanding excursions on the legendary Yangzi River.
They’re not as frenetic, though, as on sister island Ibiza, where the mayhem is legendary.
Of several hundred women in the emperor’s harem, his only love was the now legendary Mumtaz-Mahal (“Exalted of the Palace”), by whom he had 14 children.
South of the Roman Forum, a slope leads up to the Palatine Hill, Rome’s legendary birthplace and today a romantic garden, dotted with toppled columns among the wild flowers and spiny acanthus shrubs.
The legendary Vic Damone.
This is isn't simply reading the Great Books chosen by Chicago's legendary President Robert Maynard Hutchins and his sidekick Mortimer Adler.
The legendary Arledge is depicted as detached, lazy, and old.
Central theme: Jordan's love and respect for Dean Smith, the legendary coach who shaped him at the University of North Carolina.
Senior statesmen of Henry's own Lancastrian party judged him an unworthy successor to their previous standard-bearer, the legendary Henry V, identified in the popular mind with the romance of chivalry and the tragedy of an early death.
Previn "didn't appear pregnant in recent photos" (Shauna Snow, the Los Angeles Times ). The name comes from legendary soprano saxophonist Sidney Bechet.
"The legendary phoenix that rises from the ashes is nothing compared to Netanyahu," Samet said.
Granada had the Alhambra, the legendary palace of the Moors, but the Algarve also possessed a city straight out of Arabian Nights.
Parker transposes one scene to the inside of a theater--where, of all things, The Importance of Being Earnest is having its legendary premiere.
Critics forgive the incoherence of the film--set in early '80s New York, in a nightclub modeled on the legendary Studio 54--and lap up the characters' witty exegeses of yuppie culture.
Argentina used to be a place of legendary political irresponsibility, where generals in funny hats declared war on Margaret Thatcher, and populist politicians who promised paradise consistently delivered hyperinflation instead.
The statue of Prince Lazar, who led the Serbs to a legendary defeat in the Battle of Kosovo in 1389, was lassoed and pulled to the ground by several hundred Albanians last Saturday.
The biography of the legendary Belgian-French king of pulp fiction (1903-1989), who wrote more than 400 novels and bedded even more women (he estimated 10,000), is deemed masterful, "absorbing," and "definitive" (Deirdre Bair, the New York Times Book Review ). Simenon wins praise for its defense of Simenon's oeuvre , often dismissed as hackery, and for its candid treatment of his misogyny and anti-Semitism.
Ceramic polychrome figurines of historic or legendary personages are popular, as are little animals, with the panda the most sought after.
King Theseus, the legendary ruler who slew the minotaur in the Cretan labyrinth, was revered by Athenians for bringing Attica’s scattered and independent villages under the rule of the Acropolis.
Not that it detracts from the hallowed ritual of tea-time, act of obeisance to a more legendary than real Britain.
I trotted out the legendary biographies known to every practitioner of the trade--biography lore: Leon Edel's 20-year labor on his five-volume Henry James ("How long, Leon, how long?"
The building’s most legendary feature is the grasshopper weathervane.
Herod the Great, whose engineering feats and brutality became legendary, was installed as the King of Judea.
A legendary Chicano folk hero who roamed through California’s San Joaquin Valley during the late nineteenth century.
The blurb on the back of has it absolutely right: “A new and expanded edition of the popular `reinvention' of the standard dictionary first created by legendary New York Times language expert Theodore Bernstein.”
Was Shearer acting on behalf of the legendary Clinton "opposition research" outfit, which had floated damaging rumors during the '92 primaries about Paul Tsongas' health and Jerry Brown's drug use?
The building to the right of the main hall is the Asakusa Jinja, a Shinto shrine dedicated to the three legendary founders — the Sanja — of Sensoji.
And the legendary recluse Henry David Thoreau emerges to give SLATE readers an exclusive peek at his new Web page.
Army Ranger, a fight trainer, a legendary street brawler, and Jackie Chan himself.
When the New York school board cut the funding for her program, she proved a marvel of self-promotion, attracting features in all the major dailies and ending up along with her best students at Carnegie Hall for a benefit "Fiddlefest"--along with Itzhak Perlman, Isaac Stern, and other legendary "fiddlers."
Warren Beatty is legendary for possessing both a politician's promiscuity and a politician's wariness of genuine commitment.
His work as Dean for Student Affairs is legendary.
The op-ed writer makes the point that his grandfather's probity was legendary and that he in fact was the man who put Luciano away.
Da Mo, who was probably a legendary rather than actual figure, is also heralded as the founder of kung fu (wushu), a system of hand-to-hand combat that was later modified to produce the immensely popular form of exercise that millions practice every morning throughout China — taiqi (tai chi), sometimes called “shadow boxing” in the West.
The legendary Japanese director of such films as Rashomon , The Seven Samurai , and Ran is canonized: "one of the handful of truly important directors that the cinema has produced" (Rick Lyman, the New York Times ). Steven Spielberg calls him "the pictorial Shakespeare of our time."
Never having been to either West Lake Hills or Topanga, I can only go on the little Lemann gives us to grasp what makes a place "truly hip," but let me go ahead and see if I don't have the whole picture--uh, upper-class, white, Protestant children with dreadlocks, tattoos, and nascent heroin addictions playing in bad rock bands named after legendary 1970s TV sitcoms?
The city’s famous Casa de la Trova (music hall), which has hosted nearly all legendary Cuban musicians, is the centerpiece of both.
Such terrain, though, makes for difficulty in getting around, and even the Romans, had they ventured this way, would have found their legendary ability to build straight roads put to an impossible test.
ABC News president David Westin is the latest star in the network news soap opera . USA Today implied that Westin's predecessor, the legendary Roone Arledge, is being kicked upstairs because ABC is losing the ratings war to NBC.
Our daughter, who has great character and legendary intelligence, was a bit dense this evening and instead of describing the wines' aromas offered blunt descriptors such as "I don't like it."
The sixties also produced a distinctive brand of rock music, with bands such as the Grateful Dead and Jefferson Airplane, and the legendary voice of Janis Joplin.
Ellison's readers (and Ellison's publisher) wanted the legendary second novel they were sure had to be buried in the papers somewhere.
Hoffa's most recent rival claims that the son of the legendary James R. Hoffa spent more than $6 million over the 4 years he campaigned for the leadership position.
My legendary success at squashing bugs, I believe, is the result of my tendency to write buggy code.
I'd almost forgotten that legendary chapter in Graham and Dodd's Security Analysis : 'On the Importance of Fame in Valuing Stocks.
A synopsis: In the 1930s, Kazan got his start in the Group Theater, a left-wing theater troupe that was home to the legendary directors Lee Strasberg and Harold Clurman, as well as the radical playwright Clifford Odets.
No people more joyfully live up to their legendary image than the Italians.
First at Harper's Bazaar , where he was a protégé of the legendary editor Carmel Snow and her equally celebrated art director Alexey Brodovitch, and then at Vogue , to which he defected, for a million-dollar contract, in 1966, Avedon's covers and spreads defined the frothy, exuberant spirit of American fashion photography in what will likely be remembered as its golden age.
One telling detail about the firm's legendary emphasis on teamwork: Employees have constant access to a database where they can input evaluations of their co-workers' performance.
Still life, that most humble of the classical genres, traces its origins to a legendary painting contest.
A courtier worthy of Shakespeare, Holbrooke is legendary for his flattery and back stabbing, and even for buttering someone up and sticking the knife in at the same time.
Prince Henry the Navigator established his legendary Navigation School along Portugal’s southern coast (financing expeditions with royalties from the Algarve fishing industry), and intrepid explorers set out in caravels from Lagos and Sagres.
Every actress would like to play the most legendary Nora but, for much of the first act, Janet McTeer seems to want to play the most irritating.
Her tragic story is believable, and one can say she is probably the quintessential legendary figure of the Chicano folk belief system.
By the early '90s, before anyone in the mainstream knew who she was, she was already such a legendary social climber on the indie-rock scene that an Olympia, Wash.
GOP leaders are furious at losing an advantage in corporate fund raising that dates back 100 years, to the election of 1896, when William McKinley's legendary money man Mark Hanna mobilized American business to stop the Democratic populist William Jennings Bryan.
Under the control of the Department of War, its first head was the legendary private detective Allan Pinkerton, a friend of McClellan's who had learned of--and helped avert--an attempt on Lincoln's life in 1861.
