I had my second chance to change my life.
Because teaching a man to fish will keep him fed for his entire life.
..I had my second chance to change my life."
A real difference in people's lives -- in all of our lives.
A real difference in people's lives -- in all of our lives.
And there are a lot of people who face these challenges every day of their lives.
When Jerry was released from prison, he knew it would take hard work and determination to straighten out his life.
He knew he had made a bad mistake, but despite his commitment to rebuilding his life, he just didn't count on the obstacles that would be thrown up in his path.
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer, his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live, Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community.
Many need furniture, linens and other basic necessities to begin lives on their own.

Because Pleasant Run is the only "family" for so many, our Emancipation Fund is one way we can help a young person take the first steps into his or her new life as an independent and productive adult.
Your contribution will make a difference in a child's life.
You can make a difference in a child's life.
That means we now have the opportunity to be a stable, positive and important part of each child's life for an entire decade.
If you can increase your last donation, we would appreciate that show of support for the campers and their efforts to overcome obstacles and create successful lives.
Between June 21 and August 31, 45 youth will spend 20 hours a week developing life management and work ethic skills, learning the computer, visiting area colleges, and interacting with guest speakers.
Answer 34,700 opportunities to change a life!
We're asking for a contribution in the amount of because you can't got a better bang for your buck than to support an organization that impacts so many lives in so many ways.
This is the time of year when our thoughts turn to ways to do things differently, things that will make our lives better and improve the quality of our life.
This is the time of year when our thoughts turn to ways to do things differently, things that will make our lives better and improve the quality of our life.
Big Sisters are mentors and friends who empower girls to more fully reach their potential, experience life's opportunities and perhaps begin to dream.
It is a pivotal time in the life of a young girl-when small changes in her behavior, or the choices she makes, can affect her future.
A Big Sister is a mentor, a friend and a role model, helping a young girl to develop the self-confidence and life skills necessary to become a responsible, productive and successful adult.
This is positive proof that Big Sisters one-to-one mentoring program helps change lives.
Today, we are offering you the opportunity to help change a life.
You can help make positive changes in the lives of at-risk youth in central Indiana.
The last thing he needs is to draw more attention to these qualities in his personal life.
A scan of the headlines found cheek-by-jowl on the WP 's Page A6 provides an interesting snapshot of the life of the modern Cabinet officer: "[Ex-HUD Secretary] Cisneros's Ex-Mistress Pleads Guilty," "[Labor Secretary] Herman Denies Allegations of Influence-Selling Scheme," and "Two Tyson Foods Executive Indicted Over Gifts to [Ex-Agriculture Secretary] Espy."
If the concept of autonomous agents were something like a usefulor more, a properdefinition of life itself, then autonomous agents span the gap from the merely physical to that new realm of the merely physical where "purpose" is ascribed by all of us to one another.
If we synthesize autonomous agents in the next decades and they coevolve under our rapt gaze over months or years into a modestly complex ecosystem brimming with novel life forms, they too will know how to make a living in their mutually created world plus the boundary conditions we more or less intelligently impose on them.
If the conversation we recent two-legged ones are having with respect to our digging sticks and atomic bombs is impressive, so too is the chemical conversation in any full-fledged ecosystem, where we are all instrumental in the lives of one another. 
The emergence of ethics in the evolution of life on this planet is a fascinating issue. 
As they worked on defining the goals and objectives of the upcoming campaign, they considered a paper that went beyond al Qaeda to propose the "elimination of terrorism as a threat to our way of life," an aim that would include pursuing other international terrorist organizations in the Middle East.
The goal was the "elimination of terrorism as a threat to our way of life."
The basic elements of life in the Aegean began to come together as early as 5000 b.c. , and were already in place by the late Bronze Age (c. 2700 b.c. ).
It wasn’t until a.d. 330, however, when the newly converted Emperor Constantine made Byzantium, renamed Constantinople, capital of his Eastern Empire that Christianity was assured of its dominant role in future Greek life.
When Seleucid rulers outlawed Judaism, Jews led by Judah Maccabee and his brothers staged a revolution in 167 b.c. and, against all odds, restored the primacy of Jewish religious life in Jerusalem.
According to biblical accounts, Jesus spent his life ministering in the Galilee Valley.
The ruins of Jerusalem were briefly liberated, but, in the end, Jewish resistance to Rome was defeated with great loss of life.
Queen Helena, a devout Christian and the mother of Emperor Constantine the Great, made a pilgrimage to the Holy Land in 326 to identify the sites associated with Jesus’s life.
Throughout Jerusalem, other spots important to Jesus’s life were commemorated with religious structures.
I got a strange sort of corroboration from my good friend Rosy McHargue, who is now pushing eighty-seven years and has spent most of his life playing clarinet and sax with some of the best jazzbands—Benny Goodman, Red Nichols, Ted Weems, and a slew of others.
Oh, it can lead one to a rhymed couplet: He loves his brother and his wife, Does he live a double life?

Yiddish never apologizes for what it is—the earthy, wise soul of an expressive people learning that life is but a mingled yarn, good and ill together.
“Nothing in life is all mazel [`good luck'].
They moved westward to start a new life.
Readers should be familiar with Robert Claiborne's earlier books, especially Our Marvelous Native Tongue: The Life and Times of the English Language .
It is difficult to make any sensible connection between the lives of authors and their creations.
Throughout his life, he fed on scraps--in particular, Irish literature, and magic.
Pilate, who was in real life so cruel that the Roman authorities had to remove him from the procuratorship of Judea, is, in Jesus' account of things, the detached Gentile observer who believes that the "King of the Jews" has done no wrong, and should be released.
The life cycle needs to be investigated.
National Rifle Association President Charlton Heston wisely declared this week that the presence of an armed guard might have saved the lives of Columbine High School students.
Issue 3, Bob Bennett's decision not to detail Paula Jones' love life for the court, is portrayed as the triumph of politics over sound legal strategy (Robert Novak, Capital Gang ; George Will).
And when the Thai-language wrestles with new words for alien imports like ice hard water or parachute umbrella for supporting life, some might be amused at how downright literal Thai can be or impressed at how admirably sensible it so often is.
sang Paul Lynde (and recalls Andrew Milner--you know, in his quiz response; he wasn't actually in the movie) in Bye Bye Birdie 's show-stopping musical number, "Kids," a look at teen-age life every bit as insightful as anything on the WB (if you can accept Paul Lynde as Ann-Margret's father).
In the interior, the most noteworthy of the surviving 13th-century stained-glass windows are the rose window above the western entrance, illustrating the life of the Virgin Mary, and the one devoted to the Creation in the north arm of the transept.
Pedro de Urdemalas lives by his wit, has no shame, and at different times makes a pact with the devil, God, the Virgin Mary, and St. Peter.
A dramatic LAT "Sunday Report" looks at four middle-class Turkish families who must rebuild their lives from scratch.
Or the terrible cycle of poor self-esteem, bad study habits, unfulfilled potential, and a life ultimately lived without hope.
Her magazines and TV shows retain just enough nonsense to make them irksome ("sew your own pashmina from home-raised llamas," and the like), but she supplies valuable instruction about the mundane tasks of life.
It is simply that the serious aspects of life are given their proper due before the fun can begin.
Depending on how much time you have, you may want to combine two or three of the regions in order to get a sense of the great diversity of French life: Paris and the wine country, the mountains, or the Atlantic or Mediterranean coasts.
Would Exley, who died seven years ago, feel pity and fear for the life Gifford now leads as the consort of monomaniacal talk show host and tabloid cover girl Kathie Lee Gifford?
Some of the more jaded characters act as if life is cheap, but Scorsese doesn't.
Oligonucleotides were synthesized at a 50 nmol scale by Invitrogen/Life Technologies (Carlsbad, CA) or Operon Technologies (Alameda, CA), and resuspended in sterile milliQ water to a final concentration of 100 μM.
Book -- Suits Me: The Double Life of Billy Tipton , by Dianne Wood Middlebrook;
These biographies of Henri Matisse, Diego Rivera, and Salvador Dalí, all of them by British writers without backgrounds in art, represent alternative approaches to the problem of writing a painter's life.
Borrowing its framework from Citizen Kane , the movie follows a reporter (Christian Bale) assigned to reconstruct Slade's life and solve the mystery of his whereabouts.
Transfection with dsRNAs was carried out with OligofectAMINE Reagent (Life Technologies) in OPTIMEM I (Life Technologies) as described by the manufacturer for adherent cell lines.
After 1 hr incubation at RT with 50 μl/well of biotinilated secondary antibodies, plates were developed with Eu-labelled Streptavidin (PerkinElmer Life Sciences, Boston, MA) followed by Enhancement solution (PerkinElmer Life Sciences) and read in a 1234 Delfia Fluorometer (PerkinElmer Life Sciences).
If the phrase "soccer moms" has rapidly become part of the political lexicon, it may be because it is cleverly positioned at the intersection of several different trends--the rise of soccer as a middle-class pastime, the demanding lives of working women, the diversification of the suburbs, the popularity of the Dodge Caravan, and so on.
Three bottlers gave their lives for their country.
Lately a great deal has been made of Rauschenberg's discretion regarding his sex life, with critics zeroing in on Bed (1955), a combine that includes a paint- and pencil-enhanced pillow, quilt, and sheet; as well as Canyon (1959), which features, among other things, a mirror, a pillow in a noose, and a stuffed bald eagle in full wingspread.
Perhaps we surface-dwelling life forms are the exceptions--bizarre mutations of the normally deep-dwelling archeabacteria that populate the interiors of planets all over the galaxy.
Though it may be inefficient, I think it reasonable that each locality can set the legal conditions of its own economic life, as American states do with regard to taxation, infrastructure, and a thousand other economic issues.
Between June 21 and August 31, 45 youth will spend 20 hours a week developing life management and work ethic skills, learning the computer, visiting area colleges, and interacting with guest speakers.
Who's killin' us, robbin' us of life and light?"
America’s continuous social revolution has always had a prominent place in California life.
Each individual must define what's most important in his or her life, then calculate the best course to meet these goals.
293, "Sporting Life," said that Montreal's Olympic Stadium was filled with people watching a bloodless rodeo last weekend.
He is probably right about saving lives.
Life is good.
She's been searching for signs of extraterrestrial life ever since she was a little girl.
Or they may be defined in terms of monetary amounts that become payable on the occurrence of a specified event, such as life insurance benefits.
Federal civilian employees who don't commit felonies and don't cuss out their supervisors pretty much have a guaranteed job with guaranteed wages for life.
PBS, on the generally circulated details of a person's life.
Jonathan Pollard gave information to an ally, Israel, about a threat to that country's survival and he got life.
Without having read any interviews or reviews, I immediately grasped the film's stance on American life.
We support a human life amendment to the Constitution and we endorse legislation to make clear that the Fourteenth Amendment's protections apply to unborn children."
The quality of life survey queries the subject about 16 different aspects of life with a scale from 0 to 7 for each question.
Her dedicated efforts have improved the lives of countless poor Texans by opening for them the doors of our justice system.
Maybe you can remember a time in your own life when you were shown grace.
Even if he remains uncorrupted, the president will be immersed in the concerns only of the wealthy and will lose all feeling for the lives of everyone else.
In summertime the garrison comes to life with the Changing of the Guard (10am daily, June 24–first week of Sept.) and Beating the Retreat (6pm Wed–Sat during July and August).
Light is a metaphor for life here, with animated appliances that produce it scattered among the moving gadgets.
Book-- The Times of My Life and My Life With the
Come back to life on the old streets behind the Panthéon, where the bustling rue Mouffetard and its offshoots are a village within the city.
(In real life, John had been involved with Lana, and Tom may have been briefly, too, but the film avoids this history.)
Often, that's all it takes to change a life.
The top national story at the New York Times is Americans' recent tendency to purchase much less life insurance.
I, uh, don't live a life anywhere remotely near what I gather the average reader of Slate must be like.
Also as in real life, these Prosperos are not always right about how much they can control.
When Kedah and Perak sought British help against Thailand, the British sided with the Thais to quell revolts — anything for a quiet life.
It has been suggested that weight standards be adjusted upwards for age [ 8 ] . Such recommendations remain controversial, however, because the number of studies of older persons is fairly small, and because few studies have examined the relation of BMI to quality of life or years of healthy life (YHL) in the elderly [ 9 ] .
Something horrible has happened to public life, Rosen believes.
Clearly, we are the last thing he needs in his life: a bunch of eager Americans trying to shoehorn information out of him about how to invent a life in Paris.
5'-RACE (Life Technologies) was also used to try to identify longer clones using several different lower primers.
If I want to have conversation about the trivia of urban life, I can talk with my own wife; and you can fill the otherwise entertaining, informative, urbane, and whimsical pages of
Book -- Titan: The Life and Times of John D. Rockefeller , by Ron Chernow;
Undergirding Lilla's hesitations about the spread of democracy into various corners of life are, of course, two Europeans--the two he credits with first descrying the worrisome "existential character of the American democratic faith," the Frenchman Alexis De Toqueville and the Englishwoman Frances Trollope.
Early in life, American girls consume lots of these, which leads to relatively dense bones, high levels of estrogen, and early sexual maturation.
Bush has promised that as president he would uphold the dignity of that office, and pundits wonder how he can talk about some aspects of his personal life without discussing other, less pleasant parts of his past.
A stickup artist shoves a Smith & Wesson in your face: Your money or your life, he says, by which he means you can surrender your money or you can surrender your slightly bloody money and your life.
) while hollering out their names--at once thrilling the child and endangering her life.
There's a certain delight in the inessential things in life which is one of the most pleasant things about British (and also Irish) culture.
Overexpression of Cu/ZnSOD or MnSOD increases life span up to about 40%, and the amount of life span increase is found to be proportional to the amount of enzyme increase in each case.
Witches and brujería (witchcraft) are accepted facts of life in Mexican and Chicano culture.
I would like to discourse further on the changing nature of the relationship between work and life as influenced by technology, but I'm seething about the rash of new rages in our midst.
And farewell, merry heart, the gift of guiltless minds,And all sports which for life's restore variety assigns.Let all that sweet is, void; in me no mirth may dwell:Philip, the cause of all this woe, my life's content, farewell!
Movie -- Life Is Beautiful ;
Predictions must involve either acquiring or losing love, wealth, or life itself--ideally a combination of all three.
Reverse transcription of 2 μg of total RNA was performed after Dnase I digestion (Roche Diagnostics, Indianapolis, IN) with the Superscript™ II RNase H-Reverse Transcriptase (GibcoBRL Life Technologies) protocol for cDNA synthesis using 500 ng of random hexamers.
As one with family members whose lives are literally threatened by peanuts in their environment, I fail to find the humor in Seth Stevenson's article "Nuttiness" on the subject today.
That is a rough description of what Kevin Phillips later called the emerging Republican majority: the crowd whose voting habits were molded by the act of detesting the likes of Bobby Kennedy--politicians who never worked a day in their lives, who were eager (so the perception went) to oppress the plain folk with burdensome taxes in order to fatten the undeserving poor, eager to sell out America's military supremacy out of some guilt-ridden moralism.
This was the day on which Sixpence's innocence had come to an end, and Miss Kingsley's sulfurous expertise with the English language had remained indelibly etched in his memory all his life.
Life for the partners of Cates, Katalinic & Lund holds little of the glamour one might expect from a career in law.
As people plan their lives and their children's lives, higher education is the main focus of their aspirations (and the possibility of getting into the elite end of higher education is the focus of their very dearest aspirations)."
Under a mandate of national environmental laws, the Agency strives to formulate and implement actions leading to a compatible balance between human activities and the ability of natural systems to support and nurture life.
In real life, it was Gene Reeves Jr. who was shot, along with Flynt, during the publisher's 1978 obscenity trial.
To take a modern example, what business travelers care about in their notebook computers are low weight, long battery life, and high computing power, rather than the logo on the case.
For many, it is the key to stabilizing their lives.
Life, at its core, depends upon autocatalysis, that is, reproduction.
Would it have been OK to report on Clinton's sex life in all its moist detail if the press had only admitted the purpose was pure gossip?
If he believes they're all going to hell, he hasn't held it against them in this life.
We might shadow several noncompetitive procurements, following their life history from initiation through actual awards, sitting in on meetings, and studying, over time, how the awards were handled.
Exquisite statuary and intricate jewelry found in the family tombs below show a softer side of these enigmatic people and brought the world of Agamemnon to life.
The whole area retains some of the village feel, with a slow pace of life, a variety of street performers, and pleasant cafés.
With such a highly developed sense of ritual and tradition, Japan’s matsuri (festivals) are much more than just fun for the community: for many they remain integral to life itself.
Believe me, I never dreamed that some 25 years later my life would depend on my precise understanding of real-time solutions to these same equations.
But apparently life is a mixed bag for Fawcett these days.
And in tribute to all of the precious mothers in your own life, I hope you will share your love with mothers in need the world over today.
The cover story credits Julia Child with "invent[ing] modern life."
If voters don't deem personal lives politically relevant, there's no justification for reporters invading people's privacy to find out about them.
In contrast, a manipulation that increases life span is thought to be more likely to identify mechanisms that normally limit the life span of the organism.
It was a background, as I imagine it, that led naturally to the Malamudian insight that visible life is a veil, behind which can be glimpsed, by means of sympathetic insight, a vaster and more beautiful reality.
Like you, I am pro-life and believe in the life amendment.
Briefly, the protocol was as follows: double-stranded cDNA was synthesized from total RNA, with Invitrogen Life Technologies SuperScript Choice system reagents (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA, USA).
They could be functional at different spatial locations and at different temporal points in the life cycle, thereby contributing to the diversity in the morphology of the bacterial cell and colonies.
Parents and their children must be responsible for determining, as early as possible, which allergic reactions will be a part of their lives.
Princess Alice, who lived much of her later life in religious seclusion, was posthumously honored by the State of Israel for saving the lives of a Jewish family by hiding them at the Greek royal palace during World War II.
Life was the unique and sacred phenomenon of which we humans were the crowning glory.
If life is common, the elaboration of biospheres in the universe is rife.
However, Moody and colleagues found mastery to be an important predictor of the patient's quality of life and recommend it be assessed in both patient and caregiver.
Then, ruthless urban planner Baron Haussmann swept away almost all the medieval and 17th-century structures, leaving just place Dauphine and rue Chanoinesse (ancient home of the cathedral canons) as signs of the island’s once rich residential life.
First, the screen was designed to identify positive regulators of life span, that is, genes that will increase life span when overexpressed.
Maybe this was what Bertolt Brecht meant when he said his life had been ruined by intelligence.
Below their note the paper runs its statement of principles: "Our mission is to provide the news, information, analysis and commentary [readers] need to lead successful lives and to be effective citizens in a democracy."
Book -- Suits Me: The Double Life of Billy Tipton , by Dianne Wood Middlebrook;
Charles Murray is a publicity genius, and the publication of his and Richard Herrnstein's book, The Bell Curve: Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , in the fall of 1994 was his masterpiece.
After this he returned to Sonora to live out his life.
The data indicate that an insulin-like signaling pathway negatively regulates life span, as had previously been found for the nematode C. elegans [ 18].
So maybe my workaday "style" fits my cranky, as you put it, outlook on life, I dunno.
However, several lines were identified where there was a significantly greater than average increase in life span in the presence of DOX.
The median preference value for life with the side effects of antiviral therapy was 47% (interquartile range 23%-55%).
The selected O stocks were handled and assayed with males and females together, repeatedly mating during adult life.
My father and mother lived frugally all their lives.
As a control, Oregon-R wild-type flies were repeatedly crossed to the rtTA strains and assayed for life span in parallel.
This practice probably originates from poverty, but the historical result has been that it creates its own aesthetic in adding adornment to one’s home and life.
And since allergies rarely shorten life spans or discourage mates, it is unlikely natural selection will ever weed them out.
Closets are for clothes, and two lives mean split personalities.
The twentysomethings and thirtysomethings spent their time as passengers; their parents were driving while they were watching Speed Racer . Now, Sedelmaier's spot brilliantly suggests, it's their time to do the driving--in cars and in life.
I would trade our crime rate and our quality of life with almost any other place in our nation, as would the thousands of émigrés we get every year.
This month's tabs are filled with news of an elemental nature, examining the desires of celebrities to marry, divorce, procreate, and swoop, godlike, into the lives of others, changing them forever.
It seems to me that his next challenge is to get Hopkins to shut up, since with relatively little prodding the ex-mute wild man launches into a stream of resonant orations about life among the silverbacks: "Did they think of me?
But the smart kids tend to win in adult life.
(For more on the veracity of Annaud's take, see Jared Hohlt's "Life and Art" in Slate.
Carnahan commuted Mease's sentence to life imprisonment.
In his "Assessment," David Plotz characterizes Charlton Heston's life, both on-screen and off, as unremarkable.
Clothes are public husks, they shift on and off your body and in and out of fashion and your life; you can hide your alternate selves, or your mistakes, in the back of the closet.
In short, Frazier sacrifices aesthetic life to historical life.
The Eskimo Museum gives a good insight into Inuit life and art around Hudson Bay.
The Post story quotes a Kaczynski family lawyer asking what purpose going for the death penalty serves "except to punish [brother] David for the rest of his life."
As a result, in this study we value avoided premature mortality risk using the value of statistical life approach in the Base Estimate, supplemented by valuation based on an age-adjusted value of statistical life estimate in the Alternative Estimate.
David Nokes has made a bold, provocative, and sometimes messy attempt to write Austen's life as if it were a novel whose outcome we didn't already know--"a biography written forwards," he emphatically declares in the introduction, which unfolds "as it was experienced at the time, not with the knowingness of hindsight."
High Life on the Potomac
Because it was not possible to extract data on quality of life (QOL), this issue was not addressed here.
Even my father, who might as well have been reading the story of his own life, so closely did he identify with Bellow's Chicago origins, complained that the book was too long.
Her goal is a planet fit for life.
Movie -- Life ;
But when you look at how tenaciously Planet Hollywood is clinging to life, it seems clear that even fools can survive.
These reductions in life years lost are applied regardless of the age at death.
I can understand your wanting to shame the Wall Street Journal with some semblance of mathematical rigor, but Lord knows we poor scientists have to defend ourselves against enough nonsense posing as science ("Mister Chairman, how can that 10 year study show us anything about bears when my cousin told me he never saw a bear in his life?"
In theory, mandatory insurance could make life better for everyone , including those who currently prefer to be uninsured.
* He did not mean that details are functionally important (although they are), or that good details prolong the life of a building (although they do).
The miracle is that he found a way to make art out of the substance of his affective life, and to turn his ephemera into visual poetry that no one else--certainly not Tony Curtis, who aspired to be a box-artist himself--could match.
Visitors come not only to view the mountains and the lakes but also to hear the words of poets who lived here and to learn about their lives.
"The Age Boom" package celebrates life after 65.
If this rather thick woman persists in her questioning, you might say: "I never answer questions about the personal lives of my close friends.
Even the presence of hepatitis C, without symptoms or cirrhosis (HS 1), was judged to carry a 12% decrement from life without HCV.
Factors Influencing Patients' Quality of Life
Her mother lives just long enough to inculcate in her (unjustifiably) a sense of her own awkwardness.
Almost none of the people you mention as writing those important books of the past were professors--I think of Jane Jacobs, Edmund Wilson, W. H. Whyte--or if they were, they became professors late in life, after having been editors, and the like, for example Dan Bell, and me too.
Drawing upon her rich experience of life, Prudence (Prudie to her friends) responds to questions about manners, personal relations, politics, and other subjects.
Initial impressions notwithstanding, Jooky ends up making intention and product crystal clear: It's taking on a whole genre on behalf of a drink that promises only good taste, not the good life.
These mutations identify negative regulators of life span, as mutations expected to decrease activity of the gene lead to increased life span.
De Hooch's paintings can be easily divided in subject and style among his three geographical locales, as his own life ascended from working class to middle class to high bourgeois.
I got a strange sort of corroboration from my good friend Rosy McHargue, who is now pushing eighty-seven years and has spent most of his life playing clarinet and sax with some of the best jazzbands—Benny Goodman, Red Nichols, Ted Weems, and a slew of others.
For a change of pace, the sleepy town of Tofino is a community of ecologists, painters, and poets pursuing a style of life remote in every sense from the B.C. mainstream.
History lives.)
While we may deplore that sex has become the dominating factor in many young people's lives, the goal should be to expand and emphasize the nonsexual means of personal expression ("liberation") available to them, not to return to the repressive and contaminating moral hypocrisies of a previous age.
We each get a life to make of it what we will ...
Scheck has spent his entire professional life in pursuit of (usually) worthy causes.
Her estate and its 200-year-old classical garden are now a museum, filled with photographs and heirlooms of her remarkable life.
This is about changing people's lives."
It all started in 1990, when I reviewed his book Wonderful Life for the New Republic . I argued, basically, that Gould is a fraud.
Patrick Marnham's Rivera is a breezy life and times, a raucous and gossipy tale that is only secondarily about painting.
beaten down, and not so secretly hungry for a good man to fill the aching void of her life," says Tom Carson of the Village Voice .
Many will find out, as I have, that just being active and productive will improve your health, relationships, and quality of life.
These include prolonging thousands of lives and reducing tens of thousands to millions of cases in other indicators of adverse health effects, such as work loss days, restricted activity days, and days with asthma attacks.
Only the wretched Orchard wound up getting convicted, and (following the commutation of his death sentence) he spent the rest of his life in an Idaho penitentiary.
As he talked about his life ¦ and played his catholic selection of Desert Island discs, ¦¦ it became clear that he's a DOER ¦ and not a PONDERER ¦ on life's inequities.
Frequently, pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions and an interdisciplinary plan that includes other health care professionals (nurses, social workers, pharmacists, chaplains, physiotherapists, occupational therapists, child life specialists, etc) are required to manage pain effectively.
Balinese temples, palaces, and other buildings, however exotic or exquisite, only really come to life when filled with ceremonies and the bustle of festivals.
Medical equipment reconfigured and miniaturized into a stretcher-based portable intensive care unit (called the Life Support for Trauma and Transport [LSTAT TM]) was evaluated using a patient simulator and during patient care in a recovery room setting
Certain manipulations that decrease metabolic activity cause increased life span, such as lower culture temperature [ 11].
Rulers began to grow more powerful and looked for some way to prove their might both in life and in death.
In this instance, the biologist must determine some amount of adverse effect that is deemed to be "safe," in the sense that from a practical biological viewpoint it will not affect the normal propagation of fish and other aquatic life in receiving waters.
Besides its permanent art collections and popular library open to all, ingenious exhibits cover every aspect of contemporary life, artistic and technological, and the aesthetics of consumer culture.
In real life, there is not a cadre of researchers to screen and administer lengthy interventions.
Since it's part of YSL's first collection as Dior's successor, this object has clear historic value and great elegance, but not much independent life.
The second bee in Lang's bonnet was the negligible position of culture in day-to-day life.
These TG mice showed progressive structural and functional abnormalities in their testes, leading eventually to infertility [ 23 24 25 ] . In our recent paper, we described an altered pattern of germ cell proliferation throughout postnatal life in the ABP-TG mice, resulting in a progressive reduction in total germ cell numbers with increasing age [ 26 ] . However, it was not clear whether the reduction in germ cell numbers was the result of a reduced rate of proliferation, an increased rate of apoptosis, or a combination of the two.
They are anything but morbid, though; they possess a vivid, throbbing life.
It has been suggested that weight standards be adjusted upwards for age [ 8 ] . Such recommendations remain controversial, however, because the number of studies of older persons is fairly small, and because few studies have examined the relation of BMI to quality of life or years of healthy life (YHL) in the elderly [ 9 ] .
Realists regard Serbian resistance to NATO as a fact of life, an immovable constraint on American ambitions in the Balkans.
Children who get illnesses like malaria, diabetes, and asthma and aren't treated for them have more resistance to disease in later life.
My Brother reads a little like a lyrical mystery novel: It's clear from the very first sentence that Drew is going to die, and what follows is Kincaid's attempt to figure out what led to such a waste of a life.
By the way, one of my sister Delia's most brilliant observations on life, and one that someone should have told Patricia Duff (not that she would have listened) is this: Never marry a man you wouldn't want to be divorced from.
A frequent lament by columnists from that era was that the United States wasn't like France or Britain, where politicians' sex lives were considered their own business.
His four years here were the most exciting part of his whole life and could have been the happiest part of his professional one.
Also check out Sarah Kerr's review and Jared Hohlt's "Life and Art" column in Slate.)
A separate WP op-ed by woman who participated in the TRC says that despite some flaws in the process--victims' lives did not materially improve, and perpetrators may still lie about their full involvement--the TRC symbolizes an attempt to move forward, rather than sink into the "spiral of violence and revenge" that often engulfs the aftermath of 20th-century atrocities.
The town, settled by refugees from the American Revolution in 1792 and briefly capital of Upper Canada, jealously preserves an image of a “British” way of life revisited by North American nostalgia.
Torn between French free-spiritedness and the gnawing English sense that he ought to set about structuring a life, the 21-year-old Chris drifted--more or less by default--into the Englishwoman's arms.
Hokkaido now has some fascinating museums devoted to Ainu life, and the village of Shiraoi preserves the artifacts and folkcrafts of their culture.
Through them--plus a cache of invisible-ink letters Maggs writes to Phipps in order to acquaint the protégé with his protector--we look into Maggs' tortured soul, and witness an Oates in all but tumescent pursuit of Maggs' life story, which he will exploit for his next best seller.
Snoopy muses on what life will be like without the boy with the crooked smile.
In life, as on-screen, Harrer and his fellow expeditioners were placed in a British prisoner-of-war camp in India at the start of World War II.
The stories applaud the upcoming flurry of Mars expeditions (eight launches in eight years), with Newsweek concluding that they will undoubtedly determine whether Mars ever hosted life.
Protective measures also prepare for the attacks that may get through, containing the damage and saving lives.
Bosworth, the biographer of Diane Arbus and Montgomery Clift, "provides a vivid sense of upper-middle-class life in the early Cold War years, when prominent citizens suddenly turned their backs on colleagues such as Crum and called them Communist dupes," writes Kathy Deacon in the Village Voice . In the New York Times Book Review , Richard Lingeman says Bosworth "tells her elegiac story in a tone that is admirably restrained, in prose that conveys strong feeling by understatement."
This much misunderstood amendment, ratified in 1919, expressed a collective concern for the dignity and welfare of all those whose lives were destroyed by drink.
The critics gripe a bit but still give a standing ovation to Mike Leigh's ( Secrets and Lies ) new film, about a short span in the lives and work of Gilbert and Sullivan as they compose and stage The Mikado . "Only a lunatic would call Topsy-Turvy , with its lame first hour and host of loose ends, a masterpiece, but by the finale I was ready to have myself committed" (David Edelstein, Slate ). It's "one of those films that create a mix of erudition, pageantry and delectable acting opportunities, much as Shakespeare in Love did last year," and it "vigorously and amusingly explore[s] what it means for an artist to renew his energies by returning to square one" (Janet Maslin, the New York Times ). Several note its slow start and general disorganization: "[I]t teases us with the feeling that Leigh had a basic plan for the picture and never realized it" (Stanley Kauffmann, the New Republic ). (Click to read the rest of Edelstein's review in
Unlike Confucius, about whose life many specific and even colorful details are known, the philosopher Laozi (Lao Tse or Lao-Tzu) is an enigma.
Even if he returns, he is gone from her and can no longer be a part of her life.
-- Andrew Whiten of the Scottish Primate Research Group is either mustering a rather limp defense of Tom DeLay or reporting surprising findings about chimpanzee life.
The greatest photographer of New York street life, I think, is probably William Klein, whose collection titled Life Is Good & Good for You in New York , first published in Paris in 1956 and long out of print, has just been reissued by Dewi Lewis Publishers under the title New York 1954-55 . I have never seen the original edition; the new one is said to have been completely redesigned and to include many more photographs.
In expiating its guilt over past failures, the West has instead sacrificed the lives of the helpless civilians of Kosovo.
Naturally, owners don't advertise their new parks as a means of making life better for elite ticketholders.
And there are vast numbers of educated people who can now free themselves from the hegemony of the old "epicenters" to live the life they want without sacrificing their participation in the global economy.
"If God spare my life," Tyndale once vowed to an educated friend, "ere many years I will cause a boy that driveth the plough to know more of the Scripture than thou doest."
This distorts social life on campus ("the women develop eating disorders, and the men develop huge egos," complains one undergrad).
The fun and adventure of the World’s Fair are perpetuated with outdoor concerts, exhibits, and films on ecology, urban life, Canadian history, and the technology of the future.
Reagent containers should be dated and catalogued when received from the supplier, and the shelf life should not be exceeded.
Fighting between Palestinians and Israeli soldiers claimed more than 50 lives and injured 1,000 in the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Oscar Schindler, whose struggle to save Jewish slave laborers from death during the Holocaust was made famous by the film Schindler’s List, is buried in a Christian graveyard on Mount Zion; his interment was arranged by the many who owed their lives to his courage and ingenuity.
As we're both computer geeks, when we happen to be going to the same trade show or conference, night life plans and party invites for me automatically include Larry--and vice versa.
Retinal dysplasia is characterized by palisading outer retinal cells that surround a central lumen [ 57 ] . It occurs in mice with a variety of genetic defects and in some instances is associated with abnormalities of the retinal pigment epithelium [ 58 59 60 61 62 ] . Both during development and in adult life, the retinal pigment epithelium is critical to retinal function [ 63 ] . BMP2 and 4 may act as negative growth regulators in the retinal pigment epithelium [ 64 ] . It is possible that haploinsufficiency of BMP4 in the retinal pigment epithelium may be responsible for focal retinal dysplasia and displacement of photoreceptor nuclei.
Rule by the demos or the nation was, like equality, still unfolding as a way of life.
Poor day care doesn't seem permanently to harm kids whose lives are otherwise in OK shape.
Patents can even be held on the genetic blueprints of various forms of life.
More than in any of the recent handsome artistic biographies--James Breslin's life of Rothko or Gail Levin's life of Edward Hopper or even John Richardson's stupendous biography of Picasso--we actually come away from Deborah Solomon's fascinating account of Cornell's life with an enhanced understanding of the art.
To generate labeled single-stranded cDNA target, 10 μg total RNA from rat heart or brain (Clontech, Palo Alto, CA) was reverse transcribed for 2-3 h at 42°C in the presence of 6 μg random primers (Invitrogen/Life Technologies), 1x first-strand synthesis buffer (Invitrogen/Life Technologies), 10 mM DTT, dNTP mix (25 mM dATP, 25 mM dCTP, 25 mM dGTP, 15 mM dTTP, 10 mM amino allyl-dUTP), and 200 units Superscript II reverse transcriptase (Invitrogen/Life Technologies).
Apparently, we learn in the Web site text, Monica was breathing life into these masterpieces as she underwent a "reawakening of my creative senses" during "an almost undendurable time."
Non-biotin-based-tyramide reagents, including fluorescent reagents are available from PerkinElmer Life Sciences and from DAKO.
One True Thing , the story of a woman who comes home to take care of her dying mother and winds up accused of euthanasia, echoes that lesson but ups the ante: If you're passive enough to let your parents dump their problems on you, they can darn near destroy your life.
The American university world has distanced itself from the sensibilities of ordinary Americans who take the Bible seriously as a source of wisdom and who live their lives with devotion to values of faith and redemption.
It appears doctors have managed to save his life, which means he can be tried for murder in federal court and possibly executed.
D-MEM, Penicillin-Streptomycin, fetal bovine serum, and Trypsin were obtained from New Life Technologies.
The paper's television critic began a story this way: “It is a mean, cold morning down at CHCH-TV, where the media has been invited to risk its collective life on the icy highway from Toronto to Hamilton [to preview a series premiere].”
They exploit themselves, by depriving themselves of that private life so essential to a modern liberal society, and at the same time they exploit the casual passerby by forcing that person to eavesdrop and act as audience.
It read, in part: "My personal political philosophy grew out of my life in Tibet ...
How much rounder a note Kincaid strikes when she writes of Drew: "And I began to wonder what his life must be like for him, and to wonder what my own life would have been like if I had not been so cold and ruthless in regard to my own family, acting only in favor of myself when I was a young woman."
Marco Polo’s account of life in legendary Cathay was received with incredulity in Europe, where it was suggested that his imagination had run wild.
She must return to her family to reimmerse herself in the eternal Hasidic truths before she can make something like peace with her life.
It has an important collection of paintings by the Flemish-inspired “Portuguese School,” the finest being a polyptych of 13 panels depicting the Life of the Virgin from the early 15th–late 16th century.
There is a wealth of outdoor adventures, cultural encounters, and the simple pleasures of local village life .
Reagan used his acting skills as governing ones; he was accused of confusing art and life, remembering scenes from the movies as if they'd really happened.
Everyone gets tired of the ransacking of private lives, the cynical search for ulterior motives, the weighing of imperfect evidence; after a while, people are likely to say, "Just let it go."
The VSL applied in this analysis is then built up from that VSLY by taking the present value of the stream of life years, again assuming a 3% discount rate.
Maybe we shouldn't attempt to extend the life of every individual.
And that's just the stuff they've thought of so far . McCain-Feingold may be a bill with nine lives.
Given this pattern, it seems appropriate that Man on the Moon , Milos Forman's new biopic about Kaufman, starring Jim Carrey, would take liberties with its subject's life.
American soldiers and airmen have given their lives to help protect Saudi Arabia.
"Freedom from unreal loyalties" is the striking phrase in her late feminist essay Three Guineas . In either case, the goal was to see life a little more clearly.
They worshipped the Nile as the bringer of life and built temples here to the Nile god, Hapy, and the creator god, Knum.
At the center of the confrontation with the harsh reality of daily life is the concept of karma; that is “work” or “deed,” and the implication that the sum total of one’s acts in a previous life will determine one’s present station in life.
In Smolin’s book, The Life of the Cosmos, he raises directly the question of why the universe is complex.
His people would never admit what he was admitting: that the prize he had chased almost all his adult life was bound to elude him in the most humiliating manner.
One fraygrant wondered what was so wrong with the society in Brave New World and materialism, but others took exception to such a pessimistic view of life: "We needn't assume the worst."
Our globe is covered by this propagating organization  life and its consequences.
What is it about modern life (I wondered idly) that makes entrepreneurs want to celebrate and sell its micro-ness?
A social historical study of the vaquero life on the King and Kennedy ranches, from the early nineteenth century to the present, has been written by Monday and Colley.
Professional trade alarmist Alan Tonelson gave a particularly clear statement of the new fears in his New York Times review of The Big Ten: The Big Emerging Markets and How They Will Change Our Lives , a book by former Commerce Undersecretary Jeffrey Garten.
"If we bomb, it won't be to impose a solution, as we don't have one, but because of a need for Clinton to show signs of international political life after his many setbacks, because of the CNN effect that renders intolerable humanitarian tragedies shown on television at the expense of all other ones, and in order to save what little credibility remains to NATO in the Balkans."
Sociology Lives!
The best-selling British book series about an orphan who transcends the tedium of suburban life through his adventures as a wizard-in-training has enchanted both children and adults.
, porphyrins or quinones), the use of respiratory dyes for detection of active electron transport in the biological redox range could provide very convincing evidence for life in extraterrestrial locations.
USEFUL LIFE - The normal operating life in terms of utility to the owner.
His death reminded people that the later chapters of his life were not going to play out as they had dreamed them.
The solemn ceremonies of Remembrance Day take place here on 11 November each year, when wreaths are laid and silent homage is paid to those who gave their lives.
The cable network's first dramatic series gets high marks for its realistic and "gritty" (the critics' favorite term) depiction of life in a maximum-security prison.
Confessional narrative became first-person testimonial about the choices and changes in women's lives.
Cells were grown and maintained in Dulbecco's Modified Eagle Medium (Life Technologies) that was supplemented with 10% fetal bovine serum (Hyclone), 170 mM glutamine and penicillin/streptomycin (100 μg/ml, Life Technologies) in humidified air containing 5% carbon dioxide at 37°C.
Saying that this generation of Kennedys "does not seem to have inherited the exceptional ability of the family" and pointing out that "[r]isk-taking without high intelligence is not a good way of life," Rees-Mogg concluded: "The family has been doomed by its best as well as by its worst qualities; most of all, perhaps, by the rashness of its courage.
Japan’s austere, ruthless, but statesmanlike new ruler, Yoritomo Minamoto, set up his government in Kamakura (just south of modern Tokyo), well away from the “softening” influence of court life that had been the undoing of his predecessor, Kiyomori.
While writing Big Trouble , the late Pulitzer Prize-winner J. Anthony Lukas, who took his own life in June this year, may have sensed that readers in the conservative 1990s would resist being reminded about these ferocious, long-ago American upheavals.
People put me up on a pedestal that I don't belong in my personal life.
The USA Today header is more chilling still: "Victims Expected Crash," a reference to the discovery--reported by all the papers--that many of the bodies were found wearing life vests.
Life history theory and experiments have repeatedly demonstrated trade-offs between current survival and future reproduction in both animals and plants [ 16 17 ] . According to this theory there is an overall energy budget for an organism, with a finite amount available to divide between these two evolutionarily important processes.
KauVman, don’t you have a theory that in complex chemical reaction systems life arises more or less spontaneously?”
An editorial penned by Angela Davis, June Jordan, and Alice Walker pleads for the life of Mumia Abu-Jamal.
For example, in NSIAD's study of conditions on submarines, auditors spent time aboard submarines in a variety of situations, getting firsthand knowledge of life in these vessels.
single strand) probe fragments was checked by agarose gel electrophoresis of denatured probe followed by Southern transfer and demonstration of biotin by BluGene kit (Invitrogen Life Technologies).
An individual may seek a limpia from a healer if the person is not feeling well with no specific cause or feels that bad luck or misfortune is prevalent in his or her life.
The difficulty of even generalizing about such a long period is probably the same reason we are seeing very few predictions about what life is going to be like in the year 3000.
But are vacations more dangerous, in the aggregate, than normal life?
While there is no empirical evidence to support or reject hypotheses regarding wealth and observed WTP, WTP for additional life years by the elderly may in part reflect their wealth position vis a vis middle age respondents.
In other words, I find it hard to rejoice about the improvement in my quality of life brought about by no longer having people urinating in public up and down the block, because it wasn't really my quality of life that was at issue, and anyway, overall as far as I can tell, quality of life did not so much improve overall but redistribute itself.
Its anti-hero, Hertz Grein, an erudite European refugee and serial deserter of women, turns his back on a secular life gone hideously awry and migrates to Israel, joining the most extreme sect of ultra-Orthodox he can find.
When he was bent over the counter with the pencil in his hand, she studied his coarse features and wondered if he'd ever done anything with his life besides be a baker.
At worst, the book engages in comparative victimology by making dubious and undocumentable claims, such as: Women's training as nurturers and makers-do made them better able to adapt to camp life than men.
"Serving my country is an honor, indeed, the most honorable life an American can lead," he said Monday.
The seven men under Miller's command are furious with what they see as a PR mission and a misallocation of military resources; they can't believe they're risking their lives to rescue one anonymous private.
Importantly the estimated TPR for mammography is not likely to be affected by overdiagnosis, which means that some screening-detected cancers would never have caused medical problems during the patient's life [ 11 ] . This would make the biomarker appear more promising than actually the case.
Many healthy older adults report gradual weight gain throughout adult life.
However you may feel about this controversial sport, it remains very much a part of Spanish life,
However, the Eucharist is a memorial (Greek anamnesis) in which "the atoning work of Christ on the cross is proclaimed and made effective in the life of the church."
Ultimately clinicians should strive to help patients progress to the point where tinnitus is no longer a negative factor in their lives.
But we have no Edith Wharton, and this is the age of Real Lives.
She understood what it meant to be lumpenproletariat , and made it her life's project to explain this outsiderness to America.
It was Chambers' peculiar fate, and choice, to live a life that was inseparable from another's.
What is most striking about The Life of Nelson A. Rockefeller: Worlds to Conquer 1908-1958 (the first of a projected two volumes), though, is that this duality--the push to achieve wed to a penchant for flamboyant failure; the ability to win a passionate following yet alienate the people who could keep him in power--was evident well before he thought about running for public office.
You get a notion of the magnificence of Burgundian court life by starting your visit with the ducal kitchens, built in 1435, which boast six enormous walk-in cooking hearths.
"Mentally," Spencer later observed, "I have been bedridden all my life."
Identify the system life used as a basis for evaluating alternatives and determine whether it appears realistic in light of user needs, expected changes in the technology, expected availability of maintenance and other support, and the time needed to prepare subsequent acquisitions.
As long as I live, I won't forget the ending, where a black bellhop with flashing eyes and a big smile and an inappropriately loud, excitable voice takes it upon himself to fix up this kid's love life.
I had embarked on a life of deceit involving the names of nature's own flora and fauna.
Into the nothingness of scorn and noise, Into the living sea of waking dreams,Where there is neither sense of life or joys, But the vast shipwreck of my life's esteems;Even the dearest, that I love the best,Are strange--nay, rather stranger than the rest.
Based on News Quiz responses, here's what we know about the world: NATO is dangerously inept, as is Amtrack, as is American Airlines, as are the elderly when attempting to sustain an erotic life.
The Term Paper Artist does earn some praise, though, for its playful reference to another crisis in Leavitt's life: the British poet Stephen Spender's allegation that Leavitt plagiarized Spender's memoirs in an earlier novel.
"For my part," the flickering image of Gore intoned, "I have proposed dedicating a significant portion of the budget surplus to Medicare to extend the life of the trust fund."
Since you like your children but do not wish to see the image you describe, by all means articulate your discomfort and suggest they throw a blanket over the "art" when you come to call, or temporarily substitute a nice still life.
"Dick Button's sex life."
("It's time to start my life again," she said.)
A Wall Street Journal front feature reports on a little-noticed consequence of more and more couples, many of them twin-earners, waiting later and later in life to have children: elementary schools now have to gear up to teach students about parental death.
So life no longer begins even at conception, as some would have it.
But the life of an ascetic and the wisdom of Hindu teachers did not satisfy his quest.
The great temple complex can only be entered by Hindus, but views of a huge gilded Nandi (a bull five times life size) and massive embossed silver doors can be had from just outside the front gate.
But the context was Bruce's entire life.
The Secret Service and the CIA, however, warned in the strongest terms that visiting Pakistan would risk the President's life.
Recognizing this trap, the National Right to Life Committee refuses to talk about birth control.
Liberty Heights is less gaseous than Avalon . The Jewish boys' exploration of life among the "other kind" is often wryly funny, and when they show up at the familiar Baltimore diner to compare notes, time stops and we bask in their banter.
Buchanan further argues that after Germany's loss in the Battle of Britain in 1940, the United States was safe, and thus Roosevelt, who inveigled the country into war, is at fault for the 400,000 American lives lost.
His new book (published by, naturally, the Templeton Foundation--a true vanity press) is Worldwide Laws of Life . As ambitious as its title, it lists 200 "eternal" spiritual/ethical laws that purportedly apply to all people, in all times, in all places.
Podocytes were used before passage twenty and maintained in RPMI 1640 (Life Technologies) supplemented with 10% fetal calf serum, 1 × PenStrep (Life Technologies), and 20 U/ml recombinant interferon-gamma (Life Technologies) at 33°C.
You have simply spent more of your life on the bus.
Your task now is to decide if you wish to have him in your life as any of the following: a bisexual partner, a platonic friend, or a straight though swishy companion.
The newspaper business has always been romantic, and few papers have been more romantic than the Times . For most of its life, it was a right-wing rag that rooted unapologetically for Republican politicians and local businessmen.
This might compromise later experiments aimed at detecting life on the Red Planet, and/or influence its future ecology over geologic time scales.
(During the final year of his life, Corot was still fidgeting with the unconvincing antlers sprouting from poor Actaeon's head.)
Options are how the company attracts and retains smart young college graduates with no money and (most important) no lives.
There is also a museum recording the highlights of Gandhi’s life.
According to the National Enquirer , so sure is King that he has found "the love of his life" with his seventh wife that he ignored the advice of his daughter and his financial advisers to get a prenuptial agreement.
Once a patient with compromised respiratory or vital functions is placed on life support hardware, sophisticated monitoring devices such as continuous pulse oximetry, continuous mixed venous oximetry, and capnography effectively monitor hemodynamic and ventilatory parameters.
In Wescott's view, the age of miniaturization has given epigrams a new lease on life.
This approach would obviously only detect presently living entities, but these could include dormant life forms such as spores that might germinate and grow using added nutrients.
But Assisi’s frescoes of the saint’s life, painted by Cimabue and disciples of Giotto (which barely survived the severe earthquake of 1997), proved an immensely effective act of artistic propaganda against the prevalent libertinism and heresy.
Leon Levy, president of the American Sephardi Federation, described Safra as "devoted to Jewish life in the world."
Markets are a good way to get a feel for everyday life.
She has a hard time understanding why things like this happen -- why some children have no respect for life, not even their own.
An article examines Newt Gingrich's life after Congress.
Rather, it is a place to see the daily life of a major Chinese industrial city and to begin some outstanding excursions on the legendary Yangzi River.
Snoopy and Woodstock--unlike Charlie Brown and Lucy--represent the relatively banal inner life of a successful middle-age man.
But to treat Said solely, or even primarily, as a political figure is necessarily to produce a distorted view of his life.
Thus, Spaniards would be happier if they still dressed in black and let narrow-minded priests run their lives, and residents of the American South would be happier if planters still sipped mint juleps, wore white suits, and accepted traditional deference from sharecroppers ...
Life seems to have changed little in generations, though the mud-brick houses now have the benefit of electricity.
The very openness and depth of her interviewing poses the first question I have about Stiffed . Is this really a book about maleness, or is it a reflection in the lives of men of something more generally applicable to American society, female as well as male?
The cartoonist experiences real life in some penetrating way.
With just a few quick strokes, writer-director M. N. Shyamalan paints a totally authentic-feeling picture of yuppiedom--its decent intentions, complacency, and loneliness--and I didn't see a less whitewashed or sensational portrait of working-class family life this year.
Little girls learn this sure-fire posture-improver very early in life.
Several media companies pursued an appeal, arguing among other things, that some of the legal battles that have had the most impact on Americans' lives have been fought in civil cases.
I don't expect today's generation of historians, many of whom opposed Reagan all their lives, to admit their errors.
Escalating doses of sedatives followed by oppressive hemodynamic and ventilatory side-effects sometimes provide an indication for therapeutic musculoskeletal paralysis to rapidly get control of life threatening agitation syndromes.
But with the initial riffle through the pages of The F Word, noting the different typefaces that designate parts of speech, definition, date of origin, source, examples, it becomes evident that this word is the great workhorse, an old familiar in The Life, and indeed deserving.
Surely these lives were of infinite value too, which means that, by the peculiar arithmetic of infinity, the costs as well as the benefits of air bags are beyond measure.
It probably won't come naturally to an American male, but, in an attempt to enter into the spirit of French daily life, I will cultivate a Look of my own.
Big Sisters are mentors and friends who empower girls to more fully reach their potential, experience life's opportunities and perhaps begin to dream.
More Mailer bashing: In the Washington Post , Steven Moore says that Norman Mailer's retelling of Jesus' life reads "like a simplified novelization [of the gospels] for grade-school children."
It isn't often that you actually get a look at corporate life as it's actually lived from the inside.
Being a reporter all my life, I have naturally shunned any side-taking.
He claimed to have "only one goal in life ...
Book --Note Found in a Bottle: My Life as a Drinker , by Susan Cheever;
Every farming community in the Lake District has one day in the year when it comes together to celebrate its way of life and compete at various events.
In addition to suggestions from migration studies, evidence exists that exposures during the perinatal period and adolescence are important for breast cancer risk later in life.
With the decline of distance, there will be more and more minutes of our lives when somebody will be there to shoot us.
The difference between then and now, though, is that while family life in those real '70s shows was unrealistically goofy, in this fake '70s show it's strangely isolated and defensive--a little too warm on the inside, a little too besieged by countercultural horrors on the outside.
Some blame a shaky translation from the original Polish; others say the author's use of so many varying literary devices and styles squelches the heart of the novel: "Only a spark of life survives its mannerisms" (Richard Eder, the Los Angeles Times ). (Read the first chapter here.)
It is our distinct pleasure to bring to life tales to make you laugh, experience unfamiliar situations, or warm your heart.
Through the years popular sayings grew up reflecting this obsession with that one food, applied to the daily philosophy of life.
Because the world is watching, it’s a town eternally destined to make a spectacle of itself, whether on-screen or in real life.
The anti-gay groups never seem to want to give up on their battle to meddle in the private lives of American citizens, while more and more people are learning more and more about the lives of gay people like me every day.
Surya was given his due with dignified green chlorite statues of parsva-devatas (sun-deities) set in niches facing the four points of the compass, and much of the sculpture profusely decorating the walls emphasizes his life as a king — his battles, the royal hunt, and life at court.
Nor does the psalm sing as Henry Ward Beecher put it in “Life Thoughts,” “like a nightingale.
Life is different in Spiceworld.
But research over the 120 years before that has changed the view of life as well (and arguably in a more radical fashion!)
To many Chicanas Malinche has become a symbol for the socioeconomic and educational limitations of contemporary life.
Lee counts on our basic familiarity with Woolf's story, and this frees her up to tease it into all kinds of subtle themes in much the same way you or I might retrospectively organize our lives under such motley headings as "Life Under Reagan" or "The Period When I Was Especially Close to Jim."
Over Chinese food, the women lay out their points of view too neatly, psychoanalyzing the life out of the scene.
"Bailey is very patriotic and proved that by dedicating three years of his life to this cause.
Clinical significance deals with the applied value of the change in everyday life.
Nominated for the Booker Prize in England, Desai's novel of a small-town family in India is deemed "splendid" (Gabriella Stern, the Wall Street Journal ). The two parts of the title refer to the internal structure of the book, the first half following the life of the family's plain and somewhat dim older daughter, who after failing to marry is consigned to the life of a glorified house servant.
Characteristics related to useful life are that it: has an indeterminate or an unpredictable useful life because of the unusual manner in which it is used, improved, retired, modified, or maintained or is at a very high risk of being destroyed during use or of premature obsolescence.
Sadly, the life of Reilly Slate evokes is no life of mine.
New evidence supports the theory that Mars once resembled Earth . A magnetic pattern on Mars indicates that it had dynamic, internal heat similar to Earth's, increasing the likelihood that Mars had a warm atmosphere, water, and elementary life.
Previous authors have noted that there is an assumption by the public and the medical profession that the "end of life" is discernible [ 1 ] . Results from the SUPPORT study, however, suggest that our ability to detect the end of life is limited: the median predicted chance for two-month survival was no better than '50-50' just one week before death.
3. To what extent do these caregiver-variables, age, educational level, dyspnea intensity, symptom distress, and mastery, explain variance in the caregiver's perceived quality of life.
By talking about "the life issue," Forbes signals to pro-lifers that he's one of them, while concealing from pro-choicers that he's no longer one of them.
Hoped-for economic revival after the Asian economic crisis in the late 1990s is also likely to set the stage for further progress, in a country well-placed for their being able to enjoy the good life.
We as a society have to learn more about the technology that is shaping our lives, and become more comfortable with it.
I'm going to sidestep your question of whether the information revolution has changed the nature of the "good life," and point out that your description of Bell as a "conservative in culture" clarifies some of what seemed so cloudy in The Coming of Post-Industrial Society .
The work the IRT does with teachers and students has a profound impact on their lives.
But totalitarian governments want to control your private life down to your psyche and to mold you into a New Man or New Woman on whatever model they're peddling.
Corporate executives don't risk their lives in battle, but there is career death--or enhancement--at stake, as well as fairness.
First-strand cDNA synthesis was primed with 4 μg of random nonamers (New England Biolabs) or 6 μg random hexamers (Life Technologies) by heating at 70°C for 10 minutes, snap-cooling in dry ice/ethanol for 30 sec, and incubating at room temperature for an additional 5-10 min.
Greg Diamond's Life in These United States Extra
Instead, he liked to discuss "Hannah Arendt's sex life" and other literary gossip.
That description is more bitter than anything in the film, but it does suggest how Farrelly kept life among the urban unwashed from crushing his soul: He cultivated a caustic sense of humor.
The life of the Buddha from birth to the attainment of nirvana is illustrated in an intricately carved frieze running around the pagoda walls and the sides of the cave.
Your sister's life has not turned out as she had hoped, and her way of coping is to apportion blame.
The senator is, of course, entitled to apply his own interpretation of the Bible to his personal life.
Whatever goings-on are going on in the executive mansion of the White House, Kennedy's brilliant Cabinet Room performance underscores his ability to "compartmentalize his life," as Hersh nicely puts it in his first chapter (before denying it in the rest of his book).
(Or, so we don't get too deeply sidetracked into your personal idiosyncrasies, how the guilty going free or the free getting convicted might affect the lives of your neighbors.)
The HPV test--for human papilloma virus, which can cause cervical cancer in women over 40--could save many lives in the developing world, where lack of access to Pap tests leads to nearly 200,000 preventable deaths every year.
Indeed, this natural libidinous reaction could well have a major impact on the lives of Palestinians, Israelis and Iraqis, not to mention the world economy."
This is a good place to rest and recuperate, and gain a different slant on life in the city; you may come upon the Barge Café, which travels up and down the canal, and serves breakfast and brown-bag lunches.
Their primary claims are that: 1) Pollard did no real harm to national security; 2) he was well intentioned in spying for our friend Israel; 3) he was unfairly deprived of a trial; 4) he never saw the evidence against him; and 5) the government broke his plea agreement by asking for a life sentence.
I feel, however, that children need holiday celebrations, and I like the traditions, feeling they give meaning to life.
"Because of an ancient Scottish curse, anyone who writes a life of these four historical personages ends up reproducing, word for word and comma for comma, a long-out-of-print biography that they have never even read!"
Twenty years ago I read a story that changed my life.
E15 SMG (mostly Canalicular Stage) primordia were cultured using a modified Trowell method as previously described [ 13 ] . The medium consisted of BGJb (Life Technologies, Rockville, MD) supplemented with 0.5 mg ascorbic acid/ml and 50 units penicillin/streptomycin (Life Technologies), pH 7.2, and replicate cultures were changed every other day.
Joe 's subhead: "Life is Interesting.
“Nothing in life is all mazel [`good luck'].
Books -- A Fan's Notes , by Frederick Exley, and Misfit: The Strange Life of Frederick Exley , by Jonathan Yardley;
Same with rap: For all it's hailed as the voice of the urban poor, 70 percent of its sales are to suburban whites, for whom Public Enemy's "911 is a Joke" or Niggaz Wit' Attitude's "Fuck tha Police" offer the delicious, voyeuristic frisson of life in Compton or the South Bronx without actually having to live there.
Farming can be a lonely life, and even in modern times it is rare for the families to take time off from the hard work and socialize.
He introduced the humorous satirical calavera that showed the objectionable side of life, that engaged in regular daily activities such as eating, dancing, drinking, fighting, enjoying life, and being a regular Mexican.
Lover Boy's disclosure has clearly put your life at sixes and sevens.
That is, a tiny fraction of the possible combinations of the values of the constants are consistent with the existence of chemistry and stars, as well as life.
A Research Genetics gene filter (GF201) was prehybridized in MicroHyb solution (Research Genetics) containing 5 μg Cot-1 DNA (Life Technologies) and 5 μg poly dA at 42°C for at least 2.5 hr.
Critics such as Kazin and writers such as Saul Bellow--born the same year as Kazin--stretched out their intellect and imagination across disparate worlds and helped a generation of book-hungry immigrant offspring walk into American cultural life.
Amin lives in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, on a Saudi pension; he has five satellite dishes, drives a white Cadillac, and enjoys fishing in the Red Sea.
An article on Moscow concedes that it has high crime rates, but asserts that a growing middle class and booming night life are revitalizing the city.
This is the "major deal" he has been awaiting all his life.
7. Steve Forbes: He wants me to win, and I want him to say more about his father's sex life; we're both going to be disappointed.
Anyway, what causes indifference to politics today is not drugs but politics, which seems less and less relevant to our lives.
In real life, Quintanilla's stage-father parenting did occasion some criticism: Selena : Como la Flor recalls battles between Abraham and Selena's junior-high teachers over the girl's increasing absences.
where S is expected survival time, and 2 m 0 is the mortality rate in the first two years of life [ 39 ] . 2 m 0 can, in turn, be calculated from the probability of dying in the first two years of life, [ 39 ] .
; “My Life, My Gas” (ad for Tokyo Gas Co.); “Make Mens” (placard over a men's tailoring shop); “Hot Coffee—Endless Service” (all the hot coffee you can drink); “Mons.
But his life and art appear inseparable from the trajectory of the Communist experiment.
"How terrible it is to reach the end of one's life," Monet had written in 1899, after the death of the landscapist Alfred Sisley.
groping across them ( Still Life With Herrings , circa 1916).
We take seriously our immense responsibility to push the boundaries of knowledge in our pursuit of new treatments and therapies for diseases that negatively impact the lives of many.
A million or two of his countrymen lost their lives because of his mistakes.
I know that when I read, I turn the text into a world that is influenced by who I am, what I have read or thought up to that point, what's going on in my life or around me.
Many farming families still endure a difficult life on these low brush hills.
"There is something about a kind of accusation that takes on a life of its own in which a punishment is completely incommensurate with the nature of the crime that comes from a sort of sexual madness that I believe is at the root of a lot of the otherwise incomprehensible opposition to Clinton," Gordon noted.
Debby Boone singing "You Light Up My Life."
[ 6 ] Patients with severe dyspnea who are in hospice care most often manifest the associated symptoms and problems of anxiety, fatigue, and sleeplessness which in turn affect functional status and cognitive status, and subsequently decrease quality of life.
Research over the last 20 years has changed the scientific view of life.
But Mahavira (the Great Hero) pursued self-mortification to the end of his life, stripping off his clothes to take his word from kingdom to kingdom.
Casals was responsible for injecting life back into the classical genre here; he sponsored a classical music festival which still takes place every June.
The three anti-abortion organizers found in effect to be racketeers are active in Operation Rescue and/or the Pro-Life Action League.
"At 36, she died a horrible death, and one that seemed portentously linked to her extraordinary life."
Later, as the English colonies of North America fought for independence, the islands became a refuge for fleeing loyalists who sought to make a new life on these remote, picturesque cays.
The Times of My Life and My Life With the
The α subunit further stabilizes this cleft, whereas the ω subunit interacts with the β' subunit [ 7 ] . Given their ubiquitous presence in all cellular life forms and high level of sequence conservation, it seems evident that the core subunits of this complex RNA synthesis machine were already present in the last universal common ancestor (LUCA) of the extant cellular life forms and performed functions mechanistically similar to those of modern DDRP.
The two gene fragments were labelled separately with digoxigenin-11-dUTP (Boehringer Mannheim, Germany) by nick-translation (Life Technologies Inc., Gaithersburg, MD).
The film has been made by an artist for whom questions of faith are central to daily life.
Rapid and accurate methods are needed for the diagnosis of Plasmodium falciparum malaria [ 1 2 ] as malaria is estimated to kill between 1.4 and 2.6 million people each year [ 1 ] . WHO South East Asian regional office estimates 19500 deaths due to malaria in India annually [ 3 ] . P. falciparum infections in children may become life threatening making rapid diagnosis of extreme importance [ 4 ] . No clinical diagnostic criteria are both sensitive and specific for malaria, an undifferentiated febrile illness [ 5 ] which may result in the erroneous treatment of millions of non-malaria cases with antimalarial drugs in the absence of diagnostic malaria microscopy.
1: Evita (Hollywood Pictures); Portrait of a Lady (Gramercy); Life of Picasso, Volume 2: 1907-1917 , by John Richardson, with the collaboration of Marilyn McCully (Random House); Once Upon a Mattress (The Broadhurst Theatre on Broadway); Hamlet (Columbia); and The Odyssey , by Homer, translated by Robert Fagles (Viking).
Life on the Western Frontier
The wall started out as barbed wire and road blocks, but refugees continued to make their way through the barriers, by swimming through sewers and canals and jumping from buildings and railway bridges — risking life and limb for freedom and democracy.
We're meant to feel that we're coming to the end of the line, an impression confirmed in Domenico Gnoli's painting of an empty table covered with a lace tablecloth, Without a Still Life (1966), placed toward the end of the show and chosen for the cover of the catalog.
Sheehy's faith in change and redemption reflects an Oprah-esque optimism about human malleability, whereas F. Scott Fitzgerald's portrait of an egotist whose selfishness wrecks her life and the lives of everyone around her reeks of dourness.
He said to me last year, "Maybe I'll see you in national politics; maybe I won't I have a cool life."
Safe Concentration - The highest concentration of toxicant that will permit normal propagation of fish and other aquatic life in receiving waters.
Meeting Bench was one of the greatest moments of his life.
In a country where tradition plays an overriding part of everyday life, one-third of its energy comes from the ultra-modern source of hydroelectricity.
Ted Kennedy's ex-wife, Joan, reportedly saved her own life by calling a taxi in the middle of a mild heart attack.
Later chapters calmly walk us through some of the more hotly debated Woolfian themes, matching each exactly to its place in Woolf's life.
Since we are both only 24 years old, I felt we shouldn't rush things, since we have the rest of our lives to be together.
Also books, chocolates, and other essentials of life.
I wish Life Is Beautiful had fallen into the same black hole.
In domestic violence situations involving married clients, the victims need to legally sever their marital relationship with their abusive spouses in order to move on with their lives, Figgins said, and Jacksonville Area Legal Aid provides the expertise to accomplish that.
In addition, NOAA officials believe that the public takes more accurate forecasts more seriously-which helps lessen loss of life and property.
Last year he attacked taxi drivers with fines for speeding--frankly, any cabby who can speed in these choked streets gets an extra tip from yours truly--and an array of nuisance regulations designed to make their lives impossible.
6) Let's go dig into his personal life.
In Italy, the papers also led on European warnings to Turkey not to carry out the death sentence, and La Repubblica of Rome said that just as the price for Russia's cooperation in Kosovo had been a huge loan, so perhaps the price of Ocalan's life would be Turkey's entry into Europe.
You can literally help save a life.
I recently read Life After Death by the Canadian writer Tom Harpur.
Cash: "I'm not going to get upset over somebody else's life.
We live longer, happier, wealthier lives than ever before.
You make everyone's life simpler, and you get lower rates by getting rid of loopholes and making the law neutral among different kinds of income; you promote economic efficiency.
“Though I pass through a gloomy valley, I fear no harm” is like “Though I pass through Wichita on a rainy day on the way to California, I won't have an accident in my automobile”; “Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil” is no casual passing by but step-by-step pacing through life with death constantly threatening and the devil's evil lure contemned, reminding us of Adam and Eve who, tempted by the devil, were enticed and ate from the tree of Good and Evil (not harm!)
I just know he did and I plan to make something of my life with GILL’s help.
Sinatra--the only celebrity who ever sued a journalist for writing a book that, in his view, made his life seem too boring--was pronounced dead in the same Cedars-Sinai emergency room where one week earlier a 50-year-old man collapsed and died of a Viagra overdose, his heart seizing up after taking just four of the tablets.
This makes all the more puzzling a strain in the critical response not only to Richardson but also to Picasso: a tendency to dismiss his art because of his life.
Total absence of humor, remarked Colette, Renders life impossible.
This has alleviated a lot of stress in my life, and I really don't miss them at all.
This neighborhood has been reconstructed and preserved as an extension of the Märkisches Museum, and presents a composite picture of life in the city from the Middle Ages to the 19th century.
Our free educational programs can save lives.
Crawl for your life!
There is no division between the public life and the religious and devotional life of a Chicano family.
The basic elements of life in the Aegean began to come together as early as 5000 b.c. , and were already in place by the late Bronze Age (c.
But apart from a few on the right--notably the National Right to Life Committee, the Christian Coalition, and the National Rifle Association--the few new big voluntary associations that have been founded have been structured like thousands of smaller ones: They are staff-led, mailing-list associations.
It is just too boring to reflect our actual fantasy life, and so brazenly concerned with exploiting the Zeitgeist that it makes you wonder if it isn't Hollywood that's shrouded in gloom, while the rest of us are getting along fine.
Roseanne was not only television's most popular sitcom; it was also its best (except, perhaps, for The Simpsons ). As Roseanne Conner, Roseanne turned the pain of poverty into comedy, exposed the absurdities of family life, and punctured the egos of bosses and politicians.
This ad is almost a nonpolitical bumper sticker, a simple image designed to give a familiar name fresh life.
Newsweek 's scoops: 1) Ted Kaczynski's lawyers have talked to the Justice Department about avoiding the death penalty; and 2) if Kaczynski wants to get life without parole, he must cede any right to appeal the sentence.
The vice chairman of Bob Dole's primary election-finance committee was Alfonso Fanjul, a Cuban-born sugar magnate who carries a Spanish passport but lives legally in this country.
It is with some appropriate fear of reprisal that they conclude the Declaration of Independence: “We mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor.”
The commentariat cleaves the Clinton Scandals into three issues this week: 1) the mud-storm surrounding Kathleen Willey; 2) Congress' readiness to receive Kenneth Starr's report; and 3) Robert Bennett's about-face on publicizing Paula Jones' amorous life.
The Civil War arose because Northerners feared that a small Southern "Slave Power" had seized control of Washington, while Southerners were convinced the North was determined to destroy their way of life.
And that's the spookiness: We saw the ruins and wondered about the lives, and now, with these two books, the ruins are speaking and the place has come miraculously to life.
Sex Pistols manager Malcolm McLaren chronicles his wild '70s life, focusing on Sid Vicious' 1978 arrest for his girlfriend's murder.
The story isn't true, but a chapter of that thesis, titled "A Dynamic Theory of Racial Income Differences," does have an appendix that begins "Each agent begins life with a random innate endowment.
He had, in his wretched twenties, dangling by a wrecked arm on a homemade exercise gibbet, accepted, no, hugged to himself the knowledge that life was hard and then you died.
There's a longer list now than ever before of African-American scholars and writers, ensconced in the old centers of prestige, producing scholarly works, and discussing with a popular audience questions about race in American life.
His life's great intellectual achievement, he says in effect, doesn't apply in most real-life situations.
A high-ranking middle-aged woman in the Clinton administration said to me recently, "If the world knew about my messy love life in my 20s, I wouldn't be in this job."
If Jesus had ever read the uneventful lives of men like Immanuel Kant or Ludwig Wittgenstein, he might have decided that peace was a precondition for the pursuit of truth.)
His son Bindusara combined his father’s ambition with a taste for the good life and philosophy.
To accept this, of course, you have to accept her version of Bill Clinton as a helpless, goofy romantic, a emotional isolate tormented by the barrenness of life in Washington.
Who doesn't go through everyday life and see things that disturb one's aesthetic sense?
The heroine of Lucy rejects the meek role that life tries to assign her, announcing, "I wanted to have a powerful odor and would not care if it gave offense."
Primers were synthesized by Invitrogen/Life Technologies or Operon Technologies and purified by PAGE.
Much of that culture was inspired by the Rinzai sect of Zen Buddhism and its sense of discipline and self-control, its austere philosophy of art and life.
Michael is the author of Liar's Poker , the best-selling memoir of life as an investment banker in the 1980s.
It is good to wander among the narrow streets and markets to sample the authentic life of the city, highlighted by the Noantri (“We Others”) street festival of music, food, and fireworks, during the last two weeks of July.
It would be fair to say that like Alyssa, the central character in Chasing Amy , I have until now led an experimental life.
You can't be taught just by rules how to be a man or a woman; you learn adulthood for yourself, and to learn adulthood well you need far more exposure to real life, its horrors and difficulties as well as its pleasures, than American society makes available to children.
(It will be posted Wednesday evening, Aug. 6.) Slate readers, of course, are much too morally austere to have any genuine interest in the sex lives of Hollywood stars, the diets of talk show hosts, and suchlike paranormal phenomena.
R: Egad, a base life defiles a bad age .
Surya was given his due with dignified green chlorite statues of parsva-devatas (sun-deities) set in niches facing the four points of the compass, and much of the sculpture profusely decorating the walls emphasizes his life as a king — his battles, the royal hunt, and life at court.
But the key to understanding him lies in the first of his novels, The Dream Life of Balso Snell , which took three years to write, from 1926 to 1929, and ended up 49 pages long.
But as black colleges developed after the Civil War, and increasingly since the desegregation of elite universities, intellectual life for blacks--as for everyone--has come to be centered, for better and for worse, in universities.
At the beginning of the film, now in wide release, Berkowitz--thirtyish and divorced and unable to get his directing career off the ground--explains that he has received a sum of money from a private investor (heard cursing the director via a hidden tape recorder) to go on 20 dates with 20 attractive women and thereby capture something unglimpsed in commercial movies about the single life, the nature of love, etc., etc., ad nauseam.
The report says that thanks to preparation by large companies and federal and state governments, the computer bug will cause few disruptions in most Americans' lives.
He looked to see how aviation might affect our lives in 21 different areas, such as population, family, cities, religion, health, environment, recreation, crime, education, marketing, agriculture, public administration, international relations--you name it.
Two of my obstetrician friends, both strongly pro-choice, told me that, even when it is a mother's life at stake and abortion is absolutely necessary, doing the D and E feels "horrible."
Since then, 14 media organizations in Portugal--three TV companies, four radio stations, six daily newspapers, and one newsmagazine--have signed a statement saying, "It is our profound conviction that the intimate life of a human being, even if he is the president of the United States, does not justify this obscene official inquiry.
Most of Stein's phases are here: the pioneering "continuous present" tense she invented in Three Lives ; the abstract sketches of friends; the barely performable plays that she compared to landscapes; the difficult holistic theory of literature that made her a surprising star on the American lecture circuit late in life.
According to the Globe , Hunter fumed to a friend, "To Rod, life is about soccer, sex, music, drinking and his model trains--I want something more."
Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life
Nina Otero-Warren is known primarily as the writer of the book Old Spain in Our Southwest (1936), a memoir of life in early New Mexico.
[The address of a life insurance company in Los Angeles.
"Taste Makers" True-Life Hollywood Answer:
If the pressures of life get the better of you, there's North Bedlam, Hardbedlam, or even Myre of Bedlam!
If we are Gradgrind-like empiricists, living our life for "welfare maximization" as described in introductory econ. courses, the conclusion is obvious.
Pro-Life vs.
The infra-renal aorta of 5 mm long, starting 2 mm proximal to the fistula, was harvested and immediately frozen in liquid nitrogen for extraction of total RNA and protein by using Trizol Reagent (Life Technologies, Inc.
In this case, your vision probably has neglected to include the disease, monotony, and isolation of medieval life.
Nearly 30 homosexuals are featured in prime time, but few shows are sophisticated enough to script love lives for their homocharacters.
He knew he had made a bad mistake, but despite his commitment to rebuilding his life, he just didn't count on the obstacles that would be thrown up in his path.
Look for the frieze of 16th-century tiles on the life of St. Paul in the entryway of the Institut d’Estudis Catalans.
The museum is a must for those intending to visit the ancient sites, since the objects here add life to the now empty cities and palaces.
In fact, extreme weather is the most interesting part of life in Nebraska.
In the movie, the sheriff sounds like a blame-the-victim monster when he questions Brandon about the attack, but this account jibes with what happened in real life.
. Beautifully arranged exhibits of furniture, costumes, utensils, and weapons give a vivid picture of Alberta life, from the pioneers’ log-cabin homesteads to the modern artifacts of oil-drillers, railway-builders, and miners.
But one great thing microwaves have done is give a new life to an American classic.
The new book that the Star claims "blows [the] lid" on pop star Brandy's love life reveals such gasp-inducing nuggets as, "I liked [former boyfriend Kobe Bryant].
The New York Times reported that through in vitro fertilization, "tens of thousands of embryos are steadily accumulating in tanks of liquid nitrogen" in the United States, and their lives can be started at any time in the future.
Tinnitus severity can be defined and quantified several ways: by how much or how often a patient is bothered by tinnitus; by how much or how often tinnitus detracts from the patient's enjoyment of life; or by how disabling patients perceive their tinnitus to be.
The Hospice Quality of Life Index (HQLI) is a 28-item self-report tool that includes three aspects of overall quality of life: Psychophysiologic Well-being; Functional Well-being; and Social and Spiritual Well-being.
The detection of microbial life in extraterrestrial locations is an important goal of human exploration of space because of ecological and health concerns about possible contamination of other planets with earthly organisms, and vice versa [ 1 2 ] . Several indirect methods for detecting extraterrestrial life have been proposed in the prior literature.
293)--"Sporting Life":
Exley's life of splendid indigence didn't change when his book met with wide acclaim.
In an editorial Wednesday, the Times said Hoddle had to go because "he had failed to separate his rights of free speech from his duties as one of the most influential men in a game with vast influence over the life of Britain."
2) The plot is a winner: A toy must chose between eternal life in a collectibles museum and the more dangerous life at home with his beloved owner, who may abandon him as he grows up.
And that's something I'm not proud of; I think that happening to me is the nightmare of my life, and I've made it a point to kind of try to do the right thing ever since that.
USA Today leads with a major new comparative study of Americans' life spans.
Code compliance Does the design comply with all applicable codes, such as fire protection, life safety, and access?
A well-placed billion or two, especially when not burdened with the bureaucracy of the state, could well cure cancer, or AIDS, or otherwise profoundly alter the lives of millions of people.
For instance: Why were Paula Jones' lawyers able to depose Clinton on every sordid detail of his sex life?
These beaches are acceptable for a short break from city life, but you are unlikely to want to spend your holiday here.
Applying RNAi techniques directly to parasitic nematodes is challenging owing to the organisms' generally longer and more complex life cycles, including the requirement for passage through a host organism.
Why <i>Wonderful Life</i> Comes but Once a Year
However, Harry Rosenberg, the mortality-statistics chief at the National Center for Health Statistics, says he's unaware of evidence that HIV-negative gays have a lower life expectancy than other males.
The Dorado resort area began life as a large plantation, owned by the Livingston family; the first hotel built here — the Hyatt Dorado Beach Hotel — incorporated the old plantation house into its original design.
All this has led to Leo now finding his life "a living hell," the Enquirer says.
In it, Nagel makes two obvious but overlooked points: 1. Civilization is impossible without distinctions drawn between private and public life, and between the inner and the outer self; and 2. A society governed by politicians without private lives or inner selves is a society governed by madmen or cretins.
A specialist retrieved the information regarding the investigated medical factors from the subjects' medical records, and the information regarding the life style characteristics through a confidential questionnaire during a specific interview after the 2 ndday of the hospitalisation, for the cases and at entry for the controls.
be seen as a celebration of the love for 'art and life' professed by the painter in one of his final letters to Theo."
" 'Someday someone's going to dissect my whole life through my work.
In a review of Glazer's latest book, We Are All Multiculturalists Now , in the Weekly Standard , Dinesh D'Souza accuses the author of "cowardice," of mollycoddling the multicultural left in order to make life in Cambridge tolerable.
"James Coburn: 'And I especially want to thank my life partner, Cardinal John O'Connor; this one's for you, honey!
The inspiration for much of my work has been Jane Jacob's wonderful book The Death and Life of Great American Cities .
It is or should be run for the benefit of ordinary people in their daily lives.
Activation of the oxidase generates intralysosomal O 2 •-that is membrane impermeable, with a short life span and is converted to H 2 O 2 instantly by the consumption of protons (see (1)).
He was at ground zero of a catastrophic explosion and fire aboard the aircraft carrier USS Forrestal that claimed 134 lives, but suffered only superficial injuries.
The NYT provides extra details about Ecuador's economic crisis, including the facts that Mahuad froze the life savings of thousands of Ecuadorians last March and that the country defaulted on half of its $13 billion foreign debt in September.
A career military officer, he left my mother and his four children little in an economic sense, but the mementos of his life, including photographs, his military decorations and the memories of those whose lives he touched, are cherished to this day.
As Ed's unconvincing life runs its increasingly public course, Howard cuts to the folks at home--a Black Couple, a Gay Couple, an Old Couple, a bunch of Single Guys--who wince at him cutting his toenails or cheer on his conquests.
If you regard life as a trivial pursuit, then knowing the answers to those might be important to you.
"The HLE [Happy Life Expectancy] is calculated by multiplying a country's life expectancy in years with a 0-10 scale of average happiness," the newspaper explains.
An early published account of a full life cycle, fish toxicity test was that of Mount and Stephan (1967).
Even in the trade-off of lives for lives, let alone the less appealing trade-off of lives for dollars, making airlines too safe may be a bad deal.
Fashion in coiffure naturally relates to what's cool below the neck, but since we mostly grow our hair ourselves, its visual life has a stronger meaning than that of pants and shirts.
At a time when realism and authenticity were in vogue, his life was a stylized performance designed to grab attention.
He is seductively forthright about the failures in his life, about the fiasco of his career and marriage in the Hollywood of the 1960s, and he is aware of the conditional, codependent quality of his fame.
One can lead a happy and fulfilling life, and even use the Internet contentedly, without understanding "cookies."
A decade ago ribosomal RNA promised that one day it might be possible to place every extant organism on a universal tree of life, and the hope was that more genomic sequences would make this placement more accurate.
If there is life after death, Fred Goldman will probably chase O.J.
Moral: Oral sex saves lives!
Drawing upon her rich experience of life, Prudence (Prudie to her friends) responds to questions about manners, personal relations, politics, and other subjects.
Now he has published the story of his time inside, After the Madness: A Judge's Own Prison Memoir . It is quite an accomplishment: Wachtler has managed to write an uninteresting book about prison life.
Down there, more than in other places, electricity is power, the fine bright line between life and no life, which is the same thing as between life and death.
Chatterbox is impressed that Robert G. Kaiser (former managing editor of the Washington Post ) and Michael Janeway (former editor of the Boston Globe and author of the just-released Republic of Denial: Press, Politics and Public Life at the Millennium ) managed to conduct an entire interview with Washington lawyer-lobbyist Harry McPherson without once uttering the word "tobacco."
It was far from blind; and there is good reason to credit President Clinton's claim that this was a pre-emptive assault on operational terrorist bases preparing to carry out further attacks on American targets which would have cost, as they did in Nairobi, the lives of hundreds of non-Americans as well."
SCOSE began its life in 1943 as the Pronunciation Advisory Committee.
Jesus was born in Bethlehem in 6 or 5 b.c. (his birth was miscalculated in the sixth century), though it was only in the final three years of his life and ministry that his teachings became a major problem for Jerusalem’s rulers.
For whatever reason, we are, unlike Europeans--and apparently Mexicans--always interested in the sex lives of the famous.
Ask any girl: Shoes matter as much as hairstyle in all walks of life, and infinitely more than gloves and hats, despite being so near the ground.
He also told them, "I've led a very full life, a good life, and I don't want to ruin it by prolonging it any further.
Simpson-- to O.J. , meaning "to slash"--shows some signs of acceptance among teen-agers ( O.J. had a previous life as an eponym, denoting a big car of the kind Simpson drove in his commercials for Hertz.
lead lonely, empty lives?"
The slogan "Feed the rush" is being replaced with "Life's a scream."
"I affect people's lives one person at a time in this job, but sometimes, the effect can be pretty profound, and sometimes, it's not what you hoped it to be," she said.
One can pity her for neither seeing the unsettling impression she creates nor grasping that there's no way to talk about the affair that will restore some measure of dignity to her life.
Stephens, Charlotte S., The Nature of Information Technology Managerial Work: The Work Life of Five Chief Information Officers (Quorum Books, Westport, Connecticut, 1995).
Sedation in the terminal or final stages of life can be defined as the use of sedative drugs (usually benzodiazepines with or without complementary opioids given by the intravenous or by the subcutaneous route) to reduce the level of consciousness sufficiently deep to provide comfort for the patient until death occurs.
Then he saw a religious beggar who seemed serene, and he realized the path his life must take.
Drawing upon her rich experience of life, Prudence (Prudie to her friends) responds to questions about manners, personal relations, politics, and other subjects.
"That was the hardest day of my life.
Drawing upon her rich experience of life, Prudence (Prudie to her friends) responds to questions about manners, personal relations, politics, and other subjects.
He went on to argue that virtually all aspects of life as we know it--including "say, liberty"--"have become inimical to life and must be swept away" as the only hope of avoiding nuclear cataclysm.
He was driven from public life.
Book -- The Unknown Matisse: A Life of Henri Matisse, The Early Years, 1869-1908 , by Hilary Spurling.
An absurd 16 page spread on summer life in the Hamptons, featuring an endless list of glitz.
Total RNA (20 μg) was used to synthesize double-stranded cDNA using Superscript ®Choice System (Life Technologies), and the template for an in vitro transcription reaction was used to synthesize biotin-labeled antisense cRNA (BioArray™ High Yield RNA Transcript Labeling Kit; Enzo Diagnostics, Farmingdale, NY, USA).
Madrid reigns in cultural life and vida nocturna — night­life.
Dictionaries are generally consistent products of superior scholarship and care; at this stage of the game, trying to change what Madison Avenue calls “brand loyalty” is like getting someone who has been driving a Ford all his life to switch to a Toyota.
Enjoyment of life is reduced when one produces more than one consumes?
The significant line × treatment interaction again indicates that DOX affects life span only in certain lines.
However, one certainty is that as life expectancy rises and the baby boom generation retires, the U.S. population will age, and fewer workers will support each retiree.
We need volunteers to help provide essential services to families whose lives are tragically changed by the loss of a baby; and financial support to expand our public education and research efforts that will some day solve this mysterious threat to our children's lives.
Now rime, the son of rage, which art no kin to skill,And endless grief, which deads my life, yet knows not how to kill,Go seek that hapless tomb, which if ye hap to find,Salute the stones that keep the bones that held so good a mind.
They hope its June 1999 report will prove their claims that gambling wrecks lives, stimulates crime, saps local economies, mercilessly exploits human weakness, and sustains itself through bribery and corruption.
The industry counterspin: Then we should pay nothing, since smoking saves money by shortening lives.
Nobody knows what the exact count is, and how many of these uses involve saved lives, or saved lives of kids.
Book-- Titan: The Life and Times of John D. Rockefeller , by Ron Chernow;
McNally's updating of the life of Jesus is much in the spirit of Godspell --if slightly more risqué.
The Oregon-R controls exhibited changes in life span from -5.
His only interest in life was his farm, and he labored long and hard among the stones and the whins to wrest a living of sorts from the reluctant soil.
You can buy Endless Referrals: Network Your Everyday Contacts Into Sales and Life Without Stress: The Far Eastern Antidote to Tension and Anxiety (which would seem to cancel each other out) but not Uncovering Clinton or The Ground Beneath Her Feet . Recent publications are gratuitously overpriced.
The year was a slow starter, despite such early exceptions as Altman's Cookie's Fortune and Kore-Eda's After Life , but starting with the Telluride and Toronto festivals there was an unveiling of riches that went on week after week after week.
I have ever made in my life," Torricelli said.
While their critique of liberalism's reluctance to introduce morality into politics is trenchant, left-wing communitarians like Sandel themselves are reluctant to advocate strong remedies--say prayer in public schools or laws against divorce--and rely instead on vague statements about the value of community life and neighborhoods.
Anyone who has lived through energy crisis and debt crisis, inflation and disinflation, Reaganomics and Clintonomics, has to know that big surprises are part of life.
Specific bands were detected by incubating the membrane with horseradish peroxidase conjugated secondary antibody for 45 minutes at room temperature, then with ECL Western Blotting Detection Reagents (Amersham Life Science, Arlington Heights, IL) according to the manufacturer's protocol.
Every person has a spiritual dimension to his or her life.
In that study a heat-stress inducible system was used, and lines were screened for life span at the moderate heat stress condition of 30°C.
Several events in the mid-1990's brought an end to this way of life for the legal services community in my country.
Throughout this terse, entertaining parable (it won the grand prize at this year's Cannes Film Festival), the Belgian-born writer-directors Luc and Jean-Pierre Dardenne ( La Promesse , 1996) immerse you in the sensations of Rosetta's life: her daily, roundabout slog through the woods to reach the trailer park where she lives with her alcoholic mother (she's too ashamed to go through the front entrance); her frustrating treks to find employment, however menial; and, most of all, her countless rages at a society that refuses to grant her a "normal" (her word) existence.
Today's Papers can't help but notice that this story includes far more detail about methods of extinguishing life than any of the stories about that anti-abortion web site.
What do I say at the interview about my previous experimental life?
She has, happily, recovered from the jolt registering 6.2 on the hostility scale and understands that into each life a little Keck must fall.
Yet the sweep and grace--to include so much of love and art and life in such a small space, with such a beguilingly intimate surface--temper the sadness a lot.
Vividly decorated by Pinturicchio’s action-packed frescoes of the life of Pope Pius II (the locally-born Piccolomini cardinal himself became pope, Pius III, but lasted only ten days).
In a sense, Monet had been torn between pleasing the crowds and taking risks all his life.
He's traveled everywhere, knows about life.
Much more than the mystical elements which fascinate and draw so many Westerners here, Hinduism is concerned with the basics of everyday life: birth, work, health, relationships, and death, all of this helped along by regular consultations with a local astrologer.
fascinating but wan way of life."
Dick Brass, Microsoft's vice president for technology development, says that the technical hurdles of screen quality and battery life have been largely surmounted.
His only exposure to life in the private sector was a brief stint as a lawyer and lobbyist (where his clients included the World Wrestling Federation).
From what we hear, the book contains more about his exploits as a tank commander in the Gulf War than about his affair with the princess, and it says that "the most satisfying experience" of his life had nothing to do with Diana but was the defeat of Saddam Hussein.
, she joins the list of women in Clinton's life (Gennifer Flowers, Paula Jones) who've gotten cosmetic surgery long after everyone knows what they look like.
The Dutch Royal barge (last used in 1962) is also kept in air-conditioned splendor, but perhaps pride of place — and certainly what brings 18th-century seafaring to life — is the re-creation of a Dutch East India ship The Amsterdam which sits in the dock outside.
The WP 's front reports that as part of Ken Starr's effort to methodically reconstruct the details of Monica Lewinsky's life that she communicated to her erstwhile friend Linda Tripp, Lewinsky has been asked to provide fingerprints and a handwriting sample to investigators today.
Of course, Lacan's life here is being read retrospectively, partly through the prism of his writings, whereas he was living it prospectively (we have to remember, given that Lacan's work was the theorizing of life stories, that he himself never knew what was going to happen next).
The amplified DNA was cloned into the TA cloning vector pCRII (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA) and then sequenced by the Sanger method using the Sequenase (Amersham Life Science, Cleveland, OH) protocol as described previously [ 37].
Reviews dwell on the directors' effective hand-held camera and their subtle depiction of the ordeals of immigrant life.
immediate as well as long-term public demands for safety, health, and improved quality of life.
By the second half of the 1920s, female fashion and female life had been totally transformed.
The Globe , however, looks to the Fates to explain her win, calling in two numerologists to mull over Lucci's birth date, the cosmic significance of the year 1999, and the importance of the number 19 in her life.
But because these 268 words20 were adopted into the civil religion of the United States—the secular meditation on who we were and what we were about—their life after formal recitation by the president determines their constitutional status.
Phillip Gellburg is an upscale Willy Loman who has devoted his life to a company that throws him onto the slag heap as soon as he begins to falter.
When it comes to handling the rest of your life, we give you exactly the same advice.
At the center of the confrontation with the harsh reality of daily life is the concept of karma; that is “work” or “deed,” and the implication that the sum total of one’s acts in a previous life will determine one’s present station in life.
The sturdy interior of wide, rough-hewn floorboards and massive pinewood roofbeams is fitted out from the Montréal Museum of Fine Arts with antique Québec furniture, rugs, lanterns, clocks, and porcelain appropriate to the life of a wealthy 18th-century businessman.
The marginal cost of killing an innocent party would be quite low if the sanction for stealing radios were life imprisonment for first-time offenders.
González's Miami relatives said he was gaining a chance at due process and a better life in the States.
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life: And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
They want women to stop harping about men and start taking care of their own lives.
Photography --"Weegee's World: Life, Death, and the Human Drama" (International Center of Photography Midtown).
The burden of his spiritual functions as high priest of Shinto and the tasks of administration led the emperor to welcome an early abdication, frequently to retire to a life of Buddhist meditation and scholarship.
If life is a war of all against all, what guarantee do we have that adhoccery will work, no matter how inspired?
But life has managed, nonetheless, not only to endure but also to produce spiders, newts, and congressmen.
Genes are hereditary units that carry nature's blueprints for making the multitude of proteins that build enzymes and other body chemicals to sustain life.
Movie -- A Life Less Ordinary ;
Until personal problems temporarily derailed him in 1987, he was well on his way to high political office and all the rewards that brings in later life.
This quality of gratitude for America and for the beauty of life cannot be taxed, at least not so far.
After the guided tour, take time to discuss extra details of 18th-century French colonial life with the well-informed and entertaining costumed volunteers performing the roles of fishermen, merchants, soldiers, and craftspeople (Tel.
But as product variety has increased and product life cycles have shortened, this tension has become increasingly acute, prompting inventory management practices to evolve in recent years to meet rapidly changing market demands.
Mel Carnahan, D-Mo., spared a murderer's life at the pope's request.
You sent me scurrying to the New York Times business pages and there I found a potential solution for one of my life's peskiest problems.
Traditional shapes of urns, jugs, and cups are decorated with scenes taken from the lives of the ancients or of the Greek gods in their domain on Mount Olympus.
For ERα and ERβ PCR, 1.5 U of Taq Ab (Life Technologies) was included in each reaction.
The lack of soil and rivers on the Yucatecan mainland mean that there is no silt in the sea to reduce underwater visibility, and there is little heavy industry in the area to pollute the ocean, leaving the marine life relatively healthy.
Book -- Other Powers: The Age of Suffrage, Spiritualism, and the Scandalous Victoria Woodhull , by Barbara Goldsmith (Knopf); Notorious Victoria: The Life of Victoria Woodhull , Uncensored , by Mary Gabriel (Algonquin).
Readers would write her with their questions on life, love, and (usually) microeconomics, and she would give them really great advice, e.g., "Wake up and smell the coffee, honey!"
Late May brought reports of a possible hostage plot against Americans abroad to force the release of prisoners, including Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman, the "Blind Sheikh," who was serving a life sentence for his role in the 1993 plot to blow up sites in New York City.
Until recent years, molecular characterization of Meloidogyne genes has been limited [ 12 13 ] , particularly because the species' obligate parasitic life cycle makes studies difficult.
As recently indicated [ 30 ] , certain types of placental abnormality have also been ascribed to the villous immaturity (low or no Thy-1 differentiation protein expression in placental villi and a lack of blood sinusoid dilatation - PT4, see above) accompanied by an existing (diabetes mellitus) or absent placental hypertrophy (intrauterine growth retardation) - Table 1. However, it has been suggested that although chronic placental adaptations may be successful for the fetal survival, e.g. in placental senescence or maternal diabetes, they may lead to adverse outcomes later in the life of an individual [ 22 ] . Therefore, although it might not be apparent in the newborn, the abnormal placenta may indicate a burden for the future of an individual and for the quality of the human population.
Nearby Hobbamock, a Native American neighbor, lives at his campsite.
Most health insurance covers "quality of life" afflictions such as arthritis, but how much sex is required for a decent quality of life?
We're asking for a contribution in the amount of because you can't got a better bang for your buck than to support an organization that impacts so many lives in so many ways.
A series has to have the open-endedness of daily life, or else it would come abruptly to an end.
A devotee of transcendental meditation, he was also prone to temper tantrums, and his stage personae--particularly the sexist wrestler--upset some fellow travelers (in life, as in the movie, the TM movement threw him out at one point).
I guess I already knew that many people believed this, but the latest letters suggested that it might be useful if I told their writers something about the facts of life.
Having spent most of his working life trying to graduate from “GRAFF” to “GRAFF,” it would be awful if he now had to make the arduous journey back to square one.
If the Shopping Avenger were not, for a superhero, extremely nonjudgmental--as opposed to his alter ego, who is considered insufferably judgmental by his alter ego's wife--the Shopping Avenger would tell the occasional correspondent to let go of his petty grievance and get a life.
The heroes of Real Life (1979), Modern Romance (1981), and Lost in America (1985) have their jerky sides (emotionally squeamish viewers tend to find them repellent), but they also have compensatory gifts--chiefly Brooks' urgent babble, in which pleas are made and then restated and then turned inside out in a way that brilliantly (and hilariously) distills neurotic thought processes.
He proposed the use of partial life cycle toxicity tests with the early life stages (ELS) of fish to establish water quality criteria.
In real life, Stern definitely tangled with the station heads.
A survey taken two years ago by the University of Chicago's National Opinion Research Center shows that slightly more than 11 percent of women and 21 percent of men admitted to having an adulterous affair during their lives.
Following a survey of our wall space, plus of the attic, the garage, the basement, and every closet in the house, my wife has estimated that I own something on the order of 14,000 books--enough, she points out, that if I read one a day for the rest of my life, there's an excellent chance I won't live long enough to finish them all.
But life has burgeoned beyond single-celled creatures.
Le Monde pointed out that, until now, episodes involving the mingling of private and public life in France have been extremely rare.
While there are a number of Drosophila genes encoding functional ORFs of this size, it is also possible that these transcripts do not encode a functional protein but rather function at the RNA level to affect life span.
"The most striking aspect of American life at the century's end," he writes, "is how much the country looks like the South."
(Life in Alaska has its seamy side.
But I'm also trying to teach them that they have to earn what they get, and to be part of making sure their lives are better."
What's ironic about this revisionism is that it's easy to dismiss the 1980s vogue for Japanese strategy and techniques only because so many of those techniques have become part of the fabric of everyday life at many, perhaps most, U.S. industrial companies.
These aspects of life provide additional character types, imps and demigods, nymphs and satyrs, to further populate our great saga.
A senior administration official has suggested that a draft of the TP lives on Tripp's hard drive.
In fact, many '50s movies were about all these things and more, the most intractable aspects of human life.
That's because his true focus isn't the end of the epidemic, but lengthening the lives of the already infected.
This conflict is inevitable in mammalian life because offspring seek to monopolize maternal resources as long as possible, but their mothers seek to divide resources between all present and future offspring.
But if Haynes wants Velvet Goldmine to be an anthem to the principles Bowie once embodied--the embrace of artifice and the smashing of conventional sexual roles--he also wants to portray the rocker as a hollow opportunist who abandoned glam and bisexuality for the life of a corporate superstar, throwing in his lot with the forces of repression.
Maggs ' London is Dickens' London, only darker: a city whose humanity has long since run dry and whose juveniles--the Twists and Dorrits and Chuzzlewits and Maggses--are forced into lives of crime.
Permanent displays show the fast-disappearing world of Hungarian rural life and folklore; these are underpinned by trenchant temporary exhibitions dealing with current issues, such as the lives of Budapest’s gypsies.
El Centro, the historic downtown area, is known for its traditional white buildings, cobblestone streets, and the malecón, the broad seaside walkway bordered by Vallarta’s most populated restaurants and bars, and the centerpiece of local life and many visitor photos.
One takes the rough with the smooth, like most things in life.
The second computer animated ant film of the season is said to be head and thorax above its predecessor, Antz . Aimed at a slightly younger audience, the film bristles with buggy life and packs in the "gee-whiz moments" (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ). The critics' one gripe is that there's almost too much happening at once on-screen: It's "so dense with characters and illustrative detail that it nearly chokes on its own banquet" (Richard Corliss, Time ). (Visit the Web site of Pixar, this film's animation studio.)
Newsweek 's "The Fight of Their Lives" focuses on the Clinton marriage, which is even rockier than usual: Hillary is pursuing her own activist agenda rather than helping Bill fight scandal.
Smolin puts approximate maximum and minimum bounds on these twenty constants and asks a straightforward question: In a twenty-dimensional parameter space ranging over the plausible values of these twenty constants, what volume of that parameter space is consistent with values of the constants that would yield a complex universe with stars, chemistry, and potentially, life?
Physicians rated hepatitis C health states using a visual analog scale where 0% represented death and 100% corresponded to life without hepatitis C. We designated life without hepatitis C as the highest preference value and assessed preferences for the health state hepatitis C with No Symptoms, No cirrhosis because the psychological impact of having a disease can effect health status in the absence of physical symptoms.
Si's favorite courtiers lead lives of jaw-dropping privilege.
It's to paint a truthful portrait of his earlier life, before he was transformed by his experience as a prisoner of war in Vietnam.
In real life, we cannot reenact the forty years of wandering in the desert that the Hebrews had to endure before they could shake off their ingrained ways and a new generation could seek redemption under the law.
Please put your lungs before your social life, otherwise Prudie will worry.
Today, we are offering you the opportunity to help change a life.
In my day, one hassled student ended his life by hanging himself from a basketball rim.
For those of us who have seen firsthand the dramatic improvement in the lives of ordinary Chinese that opening the market has brought, this agitation against Americans doing business in China is baffling.
"My cases present me with incredibly interesting legal and intellectual issues about the role of government in people's lives, the responsibility the state has in our lives - the intrusion of the state into people's lives.
Disability and health-related quality of life are becoming increasingly important issues associated with HIV disease.
The same content appears in the term content provider . Although at first used to designate corporations such as Time Warner, Disney, and Microsoft--which scour the universe for matériel to give life and purpose to their distribution networks--the term has been trickling down to apply to individuals.
And so Morris finds himself set on his disastrous course that takes up a decade and a half of his life, ruins his reputation, and does a grave injustice to Reagan and to history.
I've pretty much reached the conclusion that the occurrence of technological life is an extremely rare occurrence."
A precocious student, Rothko went to Yale on scholarship and dropped out after two years, moving to New York in 1923, where, except for a brief stint studying acting back in Portland, he lived for the rest of his life.
For you feel, in The Dream Life , that West has filmed a jerky-camera record of his own dream life, and that each new, ridiculous scene represents a further unfolding of an altogether real and plausible personality.
In humans, for example, various studies find outcomes of Prisoner's Dilemma to be dependent on subject-to-subject variation [ 2 15 ] , including in personality traits [ 16 ] . Among animals, we expect similar variation to be dependent on expected reproductive consequences of certain outcomes, which are of more or less value to individuals depending on their size, age, sex, health, condition, social status, coalition membership, expected life span, available mates, food availability and so on.
These elements may be art, home decorating, entertainment, language, the creation of religious objects, altars, anything connected to the creation of a special and spiritual life.
6. “[Odette] lives in Walton-on-Thames with Geoffrey [Hallowes], a tall, courteous gentlemen retired from the wine business who seems content to write her letters, listen while she tells her stories, feed one's parking meter, and altogether to be as attentive as a wife could wish.
The marriage, kept secret from Bonnard's family, was the result of a traumatic development in Bonnard's life.
This information was used to define intervals during their lives when drinking patterns were fairly homogeneous.
The houses and shops are all three-quarter size — in his effort to escape from the realities of the outside world, Disney made everything a little smaller than in real life.
Add $100 a year for the Internet connection and the service contract and assume the computer has a usable life of two years.
Recurring and quantifiable benefits on a monthly and/or quarterly basis over the system life from reductions in such items as salaries, fringe benefits, supplies, utilities, and space occupancy.
The Native Americans (Choctaws and other tribes) who settled here thousands of years before the arrival of the French colonists lived a simple life.
In his life Paz made himself invulnerable, but in his writing he kept his eyes, ears, and heart open.
Covetous of Austin Powers' lack of inhibition, he contrives to go back in time--to 1969, when both he and Powers were cryogenically frozen--and steal the source of the secret agent's appeal: his life force, or "mojo."
We do not start out with the smug assumption that the Internet changes the nature of human thought, or that all the restraints that society imposes on individuals in "real life" must melt away in cyberia.
I try to write all my poems about real life.
Projects such as this touch the lives of others and enhance the education of the students.
After all the components were assembled, 200 units of MMLV reverse transcriptase (Gibco BRL Life Technologies, Bethesda, MA) were added.
18: Rebel Without a Lollipop --Confused, rebellious teen (James Dean) receives life lesson from poor orphan girl (Shirley Temple); the teen's later, tragic death inspires girl to life in foreign service.
They face life sentences.
...S5P115 Whole Life, Basis for Conclusions ...
"Spice Up Your Life," for example, is Latin pop, while "The Lady Is a Vamp" is a big-band tune.
Its immense columns (the top of each one could accommodate 50 standing children) recreate the papyrus forests of the sacred island from which all life sprang (also representing the landscape of Lower Egypt), and they were highly decorated and brilliantly painted in their heyday.
Dawkins himself notes that after decades of searching, scientists have found no conclusive evidence that life exists elsewhere in the universe.
It was the duty of Tenet and the CIA leadership to balance the risks of inaction against jeopardizing the lives of their operatives and agents.
The coherence among the three domains of life (Bacteria, Archaea, Eucarya [ 20 ] ), is clearly reflected in genome content; i.e., Archaea share more genes with other Archaea than with Bacteria, but many features are incompatible with representing the relationships between different genomes as a tree.
Some Native American tribes assert the body's spirit lives on and that to disturb a corpse is to disturb the spirit's life.
You can also find Huichol ceremonial and everyday life artifacts for sale at galleries that specialize in Huichol art.
Total RNA was extracted from dissected tumor containing 90% or greater IDC using TRIzol ®(Life Technologies, Grand Island, NY, USA) followed by RNeasy ®(Qiagen, Valencia, CA, USA).
If it's true, then give up your $250,000 salary and your stock options in TheStreet.com, stop writing about your personal life in your musings, and remove the iconic projection of yourself from your Web site.
Two other friends who have been very much a part of my son's life are livid that I did not insist on this woman being invited.
New satellite pictures substantially increase the probability that life exists on Europa , a moon of Jupiter.
No one in the history of the United States has ever received a life sentence for this offense--no one but Jonathan Pollard.
The simple honest American believes in looking life straight in the TV and no nonsense.
One factor is the psychologizing of everyday life, a development that scarcely needs documentation.
The quality of life of the Min /+ mice, as assessed by change in body weight, hematocrit level and overall survival, was not altered in the aspirin-treated group compared to the vehicle-treated group (table 2).
Passed from village to village, from hearthside to field and tavern, losing a word here, gaining one there, sometimes so badly pronounced as to change sound, though not sense, the refráin or saying having the almost sacred pan bread as its foundation came to form an integral part of country life.
If dabbling in Holocaust denial doesn't convict Buchanan of anti-Semitism on its own, it makes a powerful case in combination with the many things he has said and written pointing to Jews as a surreptitious, sinister force in American life.
Selena is the life story of the Mexican-American singer who was murdered in 1995 at age 23.
Therefore: Most News Quiz participants are lawyers who take out their frustrations on a poor Supreme Court justice just because he is a coldhearted, reactionary bastard with dubious views about race and little understanding of American life.
We'll have an Underground Railroad in Little Havana--Harriet Tubman comes to South Beach--and enough MSNBC coverage to fill that void left in our lives but not having a big trial of the moment.
[For we fight not for glory, riches, or honors, but solely for liberty, which no good man loses except with his life.
5 years from his life span, when the "true" loss is between 3.6 and 7.2 years.
An expression that describes the urban gang life of Chicanos in large cities, such as Chicago and Los Angeles.
Of the province’s population, well over half (681,000) lives in its capital.
Lines in which a gene was overexpressed that had a positive effect on life span should have been enriched in the final 144 lines, whereas ones with a significant negative effect should have been eliminated.
The Carriage Museum (Museo delle Carrozze), in a wing on the far right of the palace, and the Royal Apartments (Appartamenti Monumentali), upstairs, right of the main entrance, show an opulent, truly palatial life that the palazzo’s dour exterior never lets you suspect.
His interest in both depicting and displaying found objects also links him to Evans, who, toward the end of his life, was taking home and hanging up the bullet-riddled stop signs he found on the road rather than just taking their pictures.
Also, in writing about Libertarianism: A Primer , by David Boaz, he states that "Boaz's model for this is the Internet" and asserts that "[h]e neglects, of course, the fact that the Internet began life as a federal defense project."
In eVect, natural selection recognizes the life context in which the collective behaviors of these higher-order molecular structures are advantageous.
Sadly, all 32 major TV networks rejected my pitch for America Loses Its Innocence Again for the Very First Time , the story of a surprisingly corrupt game-show contestant (whose suburban life is not nearly as sans souci as the brochure would have you believe) who is exiled from his own personal Eden when 60 Minutes refuses to broadcast an interview that proves--proves!
The latter was also incubated for 1 hour with streptavidin-HRP (NEN Life Science Products, Boston, MA) diluted 1:100 in PPS.
The facility shows how plantations used to operate and offer a fascinating insight into agricultural life in Puerto Rico all those years ago.
Steven E. Landsburg, who writes Slate 's "Everyday Economics" column, has a new book out called Fair Play: What Your Child Can Teach You About Economics, Values, and the Meaning of Life . Click here to order it from the publisher, The Free Press.
Nash is among the latest in a long and distinguished line of mathematicians--stretching back to that morbid paranoiac, Isaac Newton--who have been certifiably insane during parts of their lives.
It's not quite as bad as she thought it was, but since she spent the rest of her life buying up any copy she found and destroying it and never mentioned it in any lists of her work, I think it ought to rest in peace, don't you?
Each evening, Betty waits up for her son, aware of his vain attempts to create a secret life for himself with Hong Kong's prostitutes.
Journalist Christopher Dickey's combination memoir and biography of his poet and novelist ( Deliverance ) father, James Dickey, is praised as a "loving, ruthless portrait" (Lance Morrow, Time ). Although he cleaned up his act a couple of years before dying, Dickey Sr. spent much of his life boozing, telling self-aggrandizing tall tales, and openly cheating on his wife.
But Gore Vidal said the mixing of fact with fantasy was appropriate for a president "whose life owed so little to Parson Weems and so much to Pirandello."
His life proves that in politics virtue can triumph over expediency.
Contemporary Chicanas continuously look toward Guadalupe and reevaluate her influence in their mothers’ and grandmothers’ lives and in their own lives.
The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents and the second half by our children.
Well, I'll accept "recycled platitudes" as covering most political life in the United States and the U.K. these days, and I certainly don't want to devote any more of this space to the dreadful Taki.
If you want to be, oh, a heretic and actually go out to the movies this Friday night instead of staying at home watching It's a Wonderful Life, good luck finding a new--I mean, brand-spanking new--movie to watch.
Next to the shopping center, in South William Street, is the small and eclectic Dublin Civic Museum (see page 58), an unassuming record of Dublin life over the years.
Tough talk and the rhetoric of conflict help hide the basic truth that business leaders are, in real life, more contemplative than combative, more sedentary than savage.
It is a pivotal time in the life of a young girl-when small changes in her behavior, or the choices she makes, can affect her future.
The test may make them think twice about medicines that take the fun out of patients' lives.
Teréz körút and Erzsébet körút have traditionally been centres of Budapest’s cultural, as well as its commercial, life.
The Cambridge University Press has seen fit to honor the 200th anniversary of Boswell's Life of Johnson with a collection of fourteen essays on the biographer and his subject.
This useful book is divided into three main parts: pages 21 to 130 consist of eight chapters of text dealing with various aspects of (Australian) life and flora and fauna; there follow two glossaries-cum-index, one in which Australianisms are translated into American English, the other listing American words and expressions with their Australian equivalents; both give references to the chapters in which they are treated.
As a result, Gradualist reform became discredited and civil unrest a feature of everyday life.
Both of them lead rich nonvirtual lives in faraway locales, so we appreciate their involvement in and dedication to Slate's community bulletin board.
But what of the lives of Nietzschean supermen like me?
In all three domains of life, it appears that every codon and every amino acid follows a single trend determined by the overall compositional properties of genomes.
In the world of the tabloids, Clinton's exploits are just an appetizer for someone whose sex life they really care about: Titanic star DiCaprio, who has obviously chosen Clinton as a role model and who, at only 23, has a good chance of surpassing the president's accomplishments.
Just off the carrer del Call, at carrer de Marlet, 1, a medieval inscription in Hebrew marks the site of a hospital founded by one “Rabbi Samuel Hassareri, may his life never cease.”
9. UTAH ZOO CITES FAMILY VALUES, ORDERS MONKEY PANTS While it may be an ordinary fact of life that is practiced nearly universally, masturbation is not ...
Life is too short to use one's career wandering in the dark, and no one is going to believe that's what you did.
BLM also included a performance element in the senior executives' plans to "Improve Human Resources Management and Quality of Work Life."
Ally frets over her uncertain love life and her biological clock."
The famous sardine fisheries finally closed down in the 1940s as a result of over-fishing, but the waterfront district of timbered canneries, immortalized by the novelist John Steinbeck as “a poem, a stink, a grating noise, a quality of light, a tone, a habit, a nostalgia,” has found a new lease on life today as a tourist attraction with souvenir shops, delightful cozy boutiques, and artists’ studios.
The Life & Times of the English Language,
says Thernstrom: "Where are their control groups, demonstrating in some rigorous fashion that the equally academically strong, ambitious and discipline black student who attends the University of South Carolina instead of Oberlin does less well in life?"
The bug lives in the guts of about 1 percent of cattle and contaminates meat when digestive contents spill where they shouldn't during slaughter.
Further south, the mountains give way to the agricultural plains of the Beira Baixa (Lower Beira), which lacks the monuments and mountains of its neighbors, but still maintains an unspoiled way of life.
In addition, lines in which PdL causes overexpression of a gene with large negative effects on life span should have been eliminated by this step.
We also don't know how life originates and to what extent it evolves in an orderly pattern.
Much of his skill was acquired in the hurly-burly of life, but his works had a certain merit.
Since living entities require a continual source of usable energy, we should be able to detect a chemical signature of life in the form of mixtures of redox molecules such as porphyrins, quinones, and flavins that transport electrons along redox gradients between electron donors and acceptors [ 13 ] . We examined methods to extract and detect the components of electron transport chains that might be used to indicate the presence of life on site in extraterrestrial locations.
Nov. 26: The Crucible (20th Century Fox); Duchamp: A Biography , by Calvin Tomkins (Henry Holt); Indian Killer , by Sherman Alexie (Atlantic Monthly Press); The Car that Could: The Inside Story of GM's Revolutionary Electric Vehicle , by Michael Shnayerson (Random House); The Larry Sanders Show (HBO); The High Life (HBO); "Max Beckmann in Exile" (Guggenheim Museum SoHo, New York City).
...Britons get the impression that large numbers of Americans go through their whole lives unable to make confident distinction between a positive and a negative statement of possibility, between `I can do it' and `I can't do it'.
AT = antithrombin; QoL = quality of life; SAPS = Simplified Acute Physiology Score.
To this list now add Columbia literature professor Edward W. Said, the subject of a fiercely debated article in the September issue of Commentary . The article, by American-born Israeli legal scholar Justus Reid Weiner, contends that Said, who was born in Jerusalem to a Christian Arab family in 1935, has over the years deliberately obscured some facts about his early life, and amplified others, in order to create the impression that he was, of all things, Palestinian.
The pirates raided anything on the sea, living totally lawless — and often not very lengthy — lives.
Which would you rather be--a powerful Republican with a lovely, caring spouse or a lonely Democratic loser, a feminist with no life?
YHL is the number of years in which the person was 'healthy', and is similar in concept to quality-adjusted life-years, healthy year equivalents, or active life expectancy [ 14 ] . We based YHL on self-rated health (is your health excellent, very good, good, fair, or poor?)
So it seems unlikely that, at the end of her life, she said, as the Enquirer reports, "I want to smell the Pacific," or that an "insider" saw her there.
To continue to impact the lives of Indiana's students with first class theatre productions that support and enhance their academic and personal growth, your support is needed TODAY!
The transferability of estimates of the value of a statistical life from the 26 studies to the Clear Skies Act analysis rests on the assumption that, within a reasonable range, WTP for reductions in mortality risk is linear in risk reduction.
High-molecular weight DNA from frozen tumor and the corresponding peripheral blood specimens, and frozen cells from cell lines was isolated as previously described [ 25 ] . Tumor cells from paraffin-embedded CIN tissue specimens were isolated by laser capture microdissection (Arcturus, Mountain View, CA) after methyl green-staining and the extraction of DNA as described earlier [ 26 ] . Total RNA was isolated from semi-confluent cell cultures using the TRIzol reagent (Life Technologies, Gaithersburg, MD) according to the manufacturer's protocol.
We hope the enclosed bookmark, just the right size for a paperback, will remind you of Joe and the hundreds of other adults working to improve their lives, their families and their community through stronger basic skills.
Her mother, Marcia Lewis (a k a Lewinsky), a former Hollywood Reporter reporter, wrote a book about "The Private Lives of the Three Tenors."
The movie, one of the year's most pleasant surprises, is the antithesis of Todd Solondz's Happiness , a humanist's answer to Solondz's evident conviction that life is all dead ends.
The discontinuity between Jewish life in the Russian shtetl in 1897 and Jewish life in the Watergate Apartments in Washington in 1997 must be the greatest one-century gap in Jewish life since the Exodus.
Willie Shoemaker devoted his life to resurfacing.
One out of every four people in the United States will be diagnosed with having cancer at one point and time in their life.
Then you turn a corner and enter a different world, where the immediacy of modern life, of the ticking clock, is everywhere palpable.
"I think that that is a profound reaction to the materialism of our time and to the hollowness of life if you're only interested in material things."
The French attention to detail is found in all walks of life — from the way a scarf is tied to the planning of the summer flow­er displays found in small villages (national prizes for the prettiest village are hotly contested).
Despite severe unemployment, Danes still live the good life (great health care, seven months of paid maternity leave, social harmony).
Into the nothingness of scorn and noise, Into the living sea of waking dreams,Where there is neither sense of life or joys, But the vast shipwreck of my life's esteems;Even the dearest, that I love the best,Are strange--nay, rather stranger than the rest.
Since age may affect the results of the tests, it would enhance the value and comparability of the data if the same species in the same life stages were used throughout a monitoring program at a given facility.
In work and in life, Cornwell screams ambivalence, which may explain why she's so popular and so queasily interesting.
(In the film, as in life, Kaufman goes to the Philippines to visit a healer who pretends to remove diseased-looking entrails--actually, concealed animal parts--from Kaufman's body.
Dendritic growth continues, albeit to a lesser extent, into adulthood, and dendritic remodeling occurs throughout the animal's life.
OK, the Enquirer 's coverage disappoints, but at least it presents a more believable account of life chez Clinton than the Globe . According to the Enquirer , the president has become increasingly depressed and "has been ravenous for junk food.
Islam is both a faith and a code of conduct for all aspects of life.
No one criticizes Albright and her parents, refugees twice-over (first from Nazism, then from Communism), for how they chose to put their lives back together.
A Year in the Life
The artist painted himself with palette in hand at the left side of his own masterpiece, in a sense part of the family, as he became in real life.
It's amazing how many advocates of the traditional kind (married for life, totally faithful, lotso kids) personally eschew them in real life.
This detective obliquely threatened the life of Gennifer Flowers.
I've never been on the receiving end of such support but, at the risk of appearing ungrateful, I would probably rather know whether Congress also happened to support the mission I was being asked to risk my life for.
Drawing upon her rich experience of life, Prudence (Prudie to her friends) responds to questions about manners, personal relations, politics, and other subjects.
It pokes endless fun at the corporatization of all aspects of life (think of Duff Gardens, a mind-numbing, totalitarian theme park; or the robotic Schwarzenegger clone known as McBain; or Malibu Stacy, the Barbie-like doll Lisa Simpson lives for) even as its characters have become among the most recognizable icons of corporate culture.
Thank you for inviting me to your wonderful Country and the beautiful city of Toronto to talk with you about the subject that has been the primary focus of my professional life over the last twenty-seven years-the provision of high quality legal services to people who could not otherwise afford legal aid.
"I have never seen another candidate in my life who would stand up in front of the voters and tell lies, absolute lies, the way he does," he fulminated.
The tidal flow index, t PTEF / t E , measured during the first 3 months of life, has been shown to be predictive of subsequent wheezing in boys during the first 3 years [ 9, 10].
The Blue Holes around Stocking Island attract varied fish life.
The great mass of Los Angeles’s population lives in the sprawling suburbs of the valleys — the San Fernando Valley north of the Hollywood Hills and the San Gabriel Valley stretching east towards San Bernardino.
After Messinger gave a major address a few weeks back, the Daily News sardonically endorsed her as the "Mayor of Mars," observing with a characteristically light touch that her speech had furnished evidence of life on "the Red Planet."
Reviewers assert Woody is "even more amusing and neurotic in real life than in his own movies" (Leah Rozen, People ). (He suffers an anxiety attack on a Venetian gondola and rarely leaves his hotel rooms.)
It revealed his gift for juggling the unbalanceable demands of life with children, and for sounding serenely jaunty as he did it.
Joseph Paul Franklin, a white supremacist currently serving six life sentences for murder (and the man to whom the right-wing paranoid cult classic, The Turner Diaries , is dedicated), made a jailhouse confession in Flynt's shooting.
The Majic Bus is full of passages like this: "How could I be a great bop wanderer, a mystic in search of ecstasy, a hobo scribbler of haiku and jazz poems, somehow discovering, in Kerouacian terms, how to 'dig' life in the divine world to the fullest?"
This notion lives on in our language today.
To address the second research question, a stepwise multiple regression was used to determine if these patient-variables, age, educational level, symptom distress (MSAS), dyspnea intensity, and functional status (PPS), explained variance in the dependent variable, patient's perceived quality of life (HRQL).
Many of the approaches will apply much earlier in the course of the illness, not just at the end of life.
The diagnosis of cirrhosis has both prognostic and therapeutic implications [ 7 ] . The life expectancies for persons diagnosed with cirrhosis are significantly reduced [ 8 9 10 11 ] compared with age and sex-matched controls, with the exception of certain pathological subtypes [ 12 ] . The likelihood of variceal bleeding is reported to be greatest within the first two years of diagnosis [ 13 ] . Owing to the high mortality risk associated with variceal hemorrhage, primary prophylaxis against a first bleed becomes an important therapeutic intervention [ 9 ] . There are several other therapies that are clinically useful for patients with established cirrhosis [ 14 15 ] , as well as therapies for specific causes of liver disease, such as viral hepatitis [ 16 ] .
) Stevens, securely employed for much of his adult life by the Hartford Accident and Indemnity Co., could afford to laugh aloud at the pretensions of the poetry business.
When Franjo Tudjman dies, as he is expected to any day, his Croatian followers will surely write him an epitaph full of the grandiosity Tudjman adored so much in life.
In terms of the purposes of the study-finding out what was stressful to the women and why the incidence of mental health problems among them was so high-the case study method disclosed the importance of any change in life circumstances as a source of stress rather than merely confirming change that the observers might have thought stressful a priori.
Moreover, as far as we know, life emerged here on earth only once.
Changes in quality of life between baseline and 28, 56, and 90 days
In life, Schultz's murder was ordered by the national criminal syndicate formed by Luciano and the famed mobster Meyer Lansky.
Sheehy's faith in change and redemption reflects an Oprah-esque optimism about human malleability, whereas F. Scott Fitzgerald's portrait of an egotist whose selfishness wrecks her life and the lives of everyone around her reeks of dourness.
Lives of the Artists
As he jumps from the GTI in the cartoon's patented style, Speed delivers the VW slogan in voice-over, shifting from nostalgia to the now: "On the road of life, there are passengers and there are drivers."
Phil Gramm insisted that the Kosovo war "should not have been fought [because] the President [had] never made a convincing case for putting the lives of Americans at risk in a war where we have no vital national interest at stake."
As on most tropical islands, the pace of life tends to be lazy.
for the life of the unit;
Your support of the Social Health Association can help us make a real difference in the lives of our children.
Trying to be charitable, the best I can muster about Patrick Quigley's July 23 article, "Server Time Out," is that he is simply ignorant of the facts of rural life.
This isn't sex as the irresistible life force that mocks and demolishes vows of chastity; it's sex as consumer good.
9 All of these decisions brought to the fore fundamental values of protecting life and punishing those with contempt for life.
