I can write my name on the deposit slip.
Name Address City, ST, Zip
Dear Name:
Name Address City, ST Zip
Name Address City, State Zip
Dear Mr./Mrs. Name:
Dear Name,
Name Address City, ST Zip
Dear Mrs. Name,
Name Address City, ST Zip
MMM F_NAME L_NAME TITLE COMPANY ADDRESS CITY,ST ZIP March 4, 1999
MMM F_NAME L_NAME TITLE COMPANY ADDRESS CITY,ST ZIP March 4, 1999
Dear LTR_NAME:
Dear Name:
Name Address City, ST Zip
Name Address City, ST Zip
Name Address City, ST Zip
Dear Name:
Dear Name:
Name Address City, State, Zip
Dear Name,
Name Address City, ST Zip
Dear Name:
Originally titled "Infinite Justice," the operation's code word was changed-to avoid the sensibilities of Muslims who associate the power of infinite justice with God alone-to the operational name still used for operations in Afghanistan:"Enduring Freedom."
Ellington performed at the Orpheum in Los Angeles in 1941 and 1942 with a musical called Jump for Joy in which the performers wore zoot suits, also known as Gone with the Wind suits, after the style worn by Clark Gable in the movie by the same name.
In 1981 a film by the same name, Zoot Suit, was produced and directed by Luis Valdez, with performances by actors Daniel Valdez and Edward James Olmos.
The earliest name associated with the city, Ur usalim, perhaps meant “city of Shalim” or “founded by Shalim. ”
Scholars speculate that Shalim might have been an ancient Semitic deity of peace, for the name resembles the modern Hebrew and Arabic words for “peace”: shalom and salaam, respectively.
If true, this is an ironic name for a city that would become one of the most constantly and bitterly embattled places on the face of the earth.
I made up my mind that Muscat Ramble was almost certainly the original name of the tune.
The other name, native well is, as a later explorer David Carnegie, author of Spinifex and Sand (1898), points out, a misnomer.
Yiddish easily coins new names for new personalities: a nudnik is a `pest'; a phudnik is a `nudnik with a Ph.D.'
Our Father, which art in heaven, Harold be Thy name.
In the matter of pronunciations of BrEng names, it is an old-fashioned fantasy of Americans that Brits go round saying POM-frit for Pontefract : most Brits that I have heard give the name a spelling pronunciation these days; and so with many of the old shibboleths.
In the matter of pronunciations of BrEng names, it is an old-fashioned fantasy of Americans that Brits go round saying POM-frit for Pontefract : most Brits that I have heard give the name a spelling pronunciation these days; and so with many of the old shibboleths.
The authors have provided a brief introduction which is easy to follow, a list of suggested readings, and the names and addresses of the several institutions and societies in Britain where readers may indulge a more intensive interest in dialect study.
In addition to those names above, Francine M. Delvecchio, Marshall L. Hamlett, and Elizabeth M. Mixon made key contributions to this report.
If ever I write an autobiography it will be in dictionary form: names of places and people defined in terms of private significance.
The buddy is screening a videotape of the fat man at the gaming table and zeroing in on the guy's wallet, trying to read his name, so that he can call the desk and find out the man's room number and tell Cage so that Cage can get there before the villain gets there.
The individual plaintiffs in the Washington case were listed in the appeals-court opinion as "Jane Roe; John Doe; James Poe; Harold Glucksberg, M.D." ("Glucksberg," of course, is not some ambitious new departure in the field of generic fictitious names, and there will not soon be a movie called Meet Harold Glucksberg . Glucksberg is just the real name of a doctor involved in the case.)
You come up with a no-nonsense product designed to remove widgets, patent it, and market it under the straightforward name Widget Terminator.
For instance, in English the name of the Russian composer is usually spelled Tchaikovsky and sometimes as Tschaikovsky or Tschaikowsky where three or four English letters are used to represent a sound represented by a single Russian letter and more normally by only two in English, ch . The name Chaliapin was first transliterated into a French spelling Chaliapine ; later, when most of the family moved to the United States, the e was dropped to Anglicize the spelling.
Most of our (yuppie) friends have their kids call my wife and me by our first names.
where the name of the person and most of the message is garbled (because the caller is slurring), but the number is the only understandable part of the message?
There is one other recurring difference in the papers' Germany coverage: all but the NYT render the winner's name "Schroeder," while the Ochs Sulzberger bund foregoes that "oe" for an "o" under an umlaut.
As these late canvases wash over you with their great swaths of paint, you can immediately see why Clement Greenberg, writing during the late 1950s, spoke of the "rehabilitation" of Monet and why "the most advanced of advanced painters" (Greenberg names no names) "were enthusiastically rediscovering him."
The second of John Lennon's sons to trade on his father's name in launching a pop career.
The ubiquitous "Make Money Fast" e-mail recasts the classic pyramid scheme as e-scam: Send $5 to the names on the list, add your own name to the bottom, and reap your windfall later.
From the end April and into early May is Golden Week, the unofficial name for the conjunction of three major national holidays (Green Day, Constitution Day, and Children’s Day).
One lasting legacy of the Danish colonization is the street names.
The names of two towns, American Fork and Spanish Fork bear special mention because of a peculiarity of Utah pronunciation especially rural pronunciation: locally these towns are known as American Fark and Spanish Fark, respectively.
One of the most readable of these articles is Russell E. Brown's paper on Anna Seghers' Revolt of the Fishers, in which he shows how the author establishes a certain universality for the uprising: accordingly, the names can be attributed to no specific place or time.
In his Illustrated Dictionary of Place Names: United States and Canada , Kelsie Harder points out that when the explorers asked the Indians what a place was called, they responded “Canada.”
I should have known I'd get myself in trouble by calling names of my favorite editorial illustrators.
Upon learning her name, Cortés had her christened as Doña Marina, and she became known to everyone by that name, although her Aztec name was Malintzin, which possibly the Spaniards pronounced Malinche, so she was also called by this name.
The name Acropolis derives from the Greek words acro meaning “highest point” and polis, meaning town.
Many names point to the appearance, customs, staple diet, occupation, possessions or stamping ground of a tribe, as in the following:
reports that Arafat appears to have dismissed Faisal Husseini, the Palestinian official responsible for Jerusalem affairs and, until now, a name high on his list of potential successors.
Send as many names as you wish, as often as you wish, and get six additional months of Slate for each one.
The Bounty is studded with the names of painters, especially those with a link to the Caribbean.
I'm sure most of the politicians who went to the Lords only so they'd have a place to speechify after retiring from the Commons would rather do without this, but it's part of the British schtick, so at the least we ought to get the names right.
Entries like that for Howard in the Dictionary of First Names hardly encourage me to take the main body of the book seriously.
Once it seemed that the nonsensical blather of a song like America's "Horse With No Name" (with the immortal lines "The heat was hot" and "In the desert/ You can't remember your name/ 'Cause there ain't no one/ For to give you no pain") could never be challenged by any rival in any other art form.
The first hypothesis corresponds to the traditional grouping Coelomata and the second corresponds to Ecdysozoa [ 3 ] . For convenience, we will use these names in reference to the two hypotheses while recognizing that this study, by necessity, involves only a subset of all animal phyla.
Name Address City, State, Zip
Of course, Gates comically stacks the deck with the Godwin example, since Godwin asks that we rescue the cleric, not in the name of truth but in the name of some sort of obnoxious aristocratic utilitarianism.
Such serendipity sends one on a voyage of discovery, to see what meanings can be aptly found in other Chinese transliterated names.
Under the GDR its name was changed to Marx-Engels-Platz, and it became a focus of Communist May Day military parades and rallies.
In response to media inquiries about ongoing work, GAO will provide information only about the objectives, scope, and methodology of an assignment; the names of the requesters; and the expected completion date.
There are many African town names that contribute to this linguistic stereotype, places such as Zongo, Zumbo, Zawi, Zaria, Kolwezi, Mulobezi, Solwezi, Ulvinza, Mazabuka, Mwanza, Ngunza, Nzeto, Nyunza , and many others.
Farming implements like plow and hayrake have kept their old horse-drawn names, and so have most utility vehicles, like fire engine, Black Maria, paddy wagon, ambulance , and delivery van --the last clipped from caravan living wagon, which survives in full in England to mean a camping trailer.
Such place names as there were applied to clusters of buildings, such as casas reales (“royal houses”), renamed Palace of the Governors by the Anglo-Americans, or Barrio de Analco for the cluster that housed Mexican-Indians.
Some names sound more appealing than they are.
The euphonious word skilligalee came ashore in Narragansett bay as an alternative name for the marlin.
I'm sure your readers know that the very name "Martha" is no accident.
The stress pattern of a place-name expression can sometimes differentiate between two meanings, but this clue can be lost if names alternate between languages.
The use of the "Affiliation field" is also limited by the fact, that the name of a country can be dropped from the affiliation if the publisher is located in the same country [ 20 ] . Further such a search strategy would be questionable because country names can appear in street names of other countries [ 20 ] . Therefore the use of the "Affiliation Field" was avoided right at the beginning and the affiliation for each single entry was retrieved from the MEDLINE format.
Both names (along with the no-longer-common "John-a-'nokes" and "John-a-'stiles") derive from legal custom dating back almost to medieval times, in cases where suit needed, for arcane reasons, to be filed against a legally fictitious person.
The product is that cake with the Sara Lee name attached or the shoe polish with Kiwi on the cover.
The paper by Penelope Scambly Schott, Rosamond: Poison and Contamination gives a neat example of historical confusion based on the fate of another individual with the same name.
If you plan to attend the luncheon, please forward the enclosure and your name will be included in our mailing.
Each phylogenetic group name is a link that reveals additional phylogenetic levels (Figure 4and H-4B.
We may not know how to read or write the letters and symbols in Japanese, Chinese, Arabian, or other languages, but we do not have to when we refer to living things, because the generic name and specific name, in Latin, are the same all over the world.
I went to high school--a small school with only a minority of Italians--with a girl named Pochintesta ( poco little, in in, testa head), another named Zucchi (a plural form of zucca squash, or, colloquially, head; Hanks and Hodges say this name was often given to a person of scarce intelligence, as in pumpkinhead), one boy named Chiappa (buttock), and another named Chiappinelli (which may be either an extended diminutive of Chiappa or the diminutive of chiappino , which Battaglia defines as a type of ape).
Supplemental figures showing full gene names and GenBank accession numbers for Figures 1, 2, 3, 4and 5are available and at [ 12].
For this study, we have adopted the position that every member of a pedigree has the right to refuse to have personal information such as name, address, and medical history recorded in a research database.
But the origin of the name is disputed.
Our search method differed from the previously described method [ 1 2 ] of using the "Affiliation field" to enter country names for good reason.
For example, if you have IE4 installed, when you click on an author's name a short bio pops up (instead of the click taking you to the bio at the bottom of the page).
With names in dictionaries, the criteria for inclusion and the criteria for explanation are inextricably interdependent.
"Name the next three entries on Liddy Dole's résumé."
Among the scholarly pioneers was George R. Stewart, whose considered reflections are collected in standard works entitled Names on the Land (1945, revised 1958 and 1967) and American Place-Names (1970).
Spanish and Indian names were precedents to other non-English-sounding names.
Likewise with Myanmar, the name now used-- at least in the non-U.S.-English-speaking world--for what used to be called Burma . The official name of the country in Burmese has, since independence from Britain, been Pyidaungsu Socialist Thammada Myanma Naingngandaw , so Myanmar, it seems, is simply Burmese for Burma . This is the same phenomenon as Côte d'Ivoire . But the current Myanmarese (do I venture where angels fear to tread by coining the adjective?)
We used this embryological concept to define a set of embryonic structure names that depict a 'path' describing the development of each organ.
Dear Name:
But Blumenthal's attorney tells the Post he will take "'appropriate action' unless Drudge disclose[s] the names of his sources by today."
U.S. law also prohibits contributions from any individual contractor or partnership doing business with the government, and requires a "best effort" to obtain the name, address, occupation, and employer of every individual contributing over $200.
This includes the effort to give one's progeny the power to pass genes even further-- hence, family names, mansions, and monuments.
The name "Juno" may derive from the Etruscan goddess Uni (which means "the one", "unique", "unit", "union", "united") and "Moneta" either from the Latin word "monere" (remind, warn, or instruct) or the Greek word "moneres" (alone, unique).
My name is Jennifer Wilson I am a dying woman who have decided to donate what I have to you/ church/charity Organizations.
All that is expected of you is to go and sign or endorse the necessary documentation/representation in your favor/name.
Name In Full, 2.
So Please you should contact me immediately if you accept to carry on this project with your complete contact informations Comprising your Complete Names,Address, Direct Telephone and Your ccupation so that I can put you in contact with the establishment where the money was deposited or a lawyer to enable you arrange with them on how to secure the money for the purpose mentioned above,
My name is Mrs Linda Yace.
User name current e-mail: ( ) Email Current Password: ( ) Re-confirm the password: ( )
I apologize if the content hereunder are contrary to your moral ethics, but I had to reach you through this medium and further do respond to me using my secured email address underneath my names below.
SEND THE FEE VIA WESTERN UNION MONEY TRANSFER RECEIVER'S NAME: ELIAS UDEALOR ADDRESS: LAGOS,NIGERIA TEXT QUESTION: GOOD ANSWER: UN AMOUNT: $154 Dollars only AS SOON AS YOU SEND THE FEE MAKE SURE YOU SEND ME THE PAYMENT INFORMATION.
so I would like you to think over this huge privilege that i am entrusting to your hand for the survival of the casualties and homeless, just send me your full names, home address, telephone number, occupation and more information about you in your next message for the service of God in your country and for the less privilege one's.
And any attempt for me to try and move this fund alone in my name will cause me more problems than I can imagine as an African young boy, as the government may bent on taking this money from me and my sister.
My name is Miss Priscilla.
Greetings to you in the name of God.
My name is Mrs. Marcus Mariam, i am 46years old, from Miami Florida USA.
Officer's Name: Adams Okechukwu.
It will interest you to know that we have discovered an outstanding unpaid/unclaimed sum of money in favor of your name and a mandate has been given to this body, World Fund Discovery Management And Payment Bureau to ensure that this fund gets to you without any delay.
Your Full Name: (2) Residential Address: (3) Phone, Fax and Cell Phone: (4) Profession, Age and Marital Status: (5) Company/Business Name: (6) Your Private Email address:
Your Full Name: (2) Residential Address: (3) Phone, Fax and Cell Phone: (4) Profession, Age and Marital Status: (5) Company/Business Name: (6) Your Private Email address:
I called to give you the information through phone as internet hackers were many but i cannot reach you yesterday even this morning.So,I decided to email you the MTCN and sender name so that can pick up this USD5000.00 to enable us send another USD5000.00 by tomorrow as you knows we will be sending you only USD5000.00 per day.Please pick up this information and run to any western union in your country to pick up the USD5000.00 and send us email back to send you another payment tomorrow.
MTCN : 150 327 4197 Sender's First Name: MANUEL Sender's Last Name: LARIOS CRESPO Question: Honest Answer:Trust Amount:5000.00USD.
MTCN : 150 327 4197 Sender's First Name: MANUEL Sender's Last Name: LARIOS CRESPO Question: Honest Answer:Trust Amount:5000.00USD.
Name,
Dear Name :
That, & your boarding pass is sticking out of your pocket with the airline’s name facing out.
Enclude the original ficlet name in your sequel.
What's your name?
My first choice was a nine year old girl; Alisha was her name.
All I did was call out her name and she walked over to me.
My name is Makatrice, and I was there.
The girl now known as Alice Black was, in her youth, known by the name of Alice Lepic, daughter of Pierre Lepic, Dawn, and of Claire Anderson, also of an important station, 9:00 in the morning.
I laugh at how he says Edwins name.
Kyle,” his name came out with some difficulty.
This strong willed girl will fight harder than any soldier ever has and will release her homeland from its suffering, and forever leave her name in glory, Rain.
Whats your name?
ya, hehe, sorry, my name is Peyton, Peyton Dallas.
I just want to know your name.
A necklace with your name on it.
My name.
She'd known she had these powers all her life, but she didn't know they had names.
Well you already know my name"?
What’s your name?
I’m sorry, my real name isn’t Maisie.
p>Employee Name: Mark A. Palmer Status last changed by: Automated Administrator Expense Report Name: March 2001 AMEX Report Total: $6,539.82 Amount Due Employee: $6,539.82 <\p>
p>Employee Name: John Hardy Jr Jr.
For one, it counters the high name recognition of Andrew M. Cuomo, McCall's opponent, by offering voters a straightforward introduction to the candidate, emphasizing his long list of high-level jobs in both the public and private sector.
The reason the sentence is highlighted is not to deceive the viewer into believing that Heston hurried to Flint to immediately hold a rally there (as will become quite obvious), but simply to highlight the first mention of the name "Kayla Rolland" in the text, which is in this paragraph.
You make the hysterical claim that the interview "may be faked" (on the basis that no name is shown for the interviewee), but if Moore had faked it, why the hell should he put this sentence in the protestor's mouth, which directly contradicts the conclusion that the rally happened hours after Kayla's death?
Please USE them on your correspondence to help get our name in front of as many people as possible.
Please accept the enclosed name stickers as our gift to you and use them to spread the word about the ASPCA and the animals we help -- thank you.
The catch-all name for circadian misalignment, the disruption of sleep cycles and circadian rhythms.
"Calling him by his first name.
He had made his name with a home capturador.
Know this, my future self: Thanks to us, Emil Malaquez's name will live as long as his masterpiece, "A Self-Portrait: Anguish," endures.
So much so that the name ‘Silicon Valley’ has come to be synonymous with the electronics industry.
In the name of “wolf control,” wolf killers will predictably once again use aircraft to hunt wolves to the point of exhaustion, so that the wolves have, literally, no chance of survival.
Our best option looks like we will go to "North Coast" or "California" for our front label appellation, and discuss the grape source, vineyard name and meaningful AVA on the back label.
people always were confused how the somewhat neighboring counties had such similar names.
It was not until 1829 that Rafael Rivera, a Mexican scout, found a spring-fed valley and dubbed it Las Vegas — a Spanish name that leaves many modern visitors wondering exactly where “the meadows” really lay.
Frank Sinatra, Wayne Newton, and Louis Prima each arrived with mediocre status and suddenly found themselves with names as big as the marquees on which they were written.
After the first half-hour, I stopped expending effort to keep names and stories and gossip straight.
My wife's name, once.
I hope you’ll use the enclosed name labels, and colorful pet stickers, designed especially for friends of animals.
Your name -- and the name of The Humane Society of the United States (HSUS) -- are very important to the well-being of all animals because together we can prevent suffering and save lives.
Your name -- and the name of The Humane Society of the United States (HSUS) -- are very important to the well-being of all animals because together we can prevent suffering and save lives.
Please take this moment to be as generous as possible to send your best gift today, and don’t forget to use your free colorful pet stickers and name labels enclosed.
For 31 years, our name has been associated throughout the world wit saving innocent animals.
What was the name of that clinic?
Rose, what was the name of that clinic?
His first name was Jesus 2.
Ted Lowe) "The Queen's Park Oval, exactly as its name suggests, is absolutely round.
She asks the doctor, "Well, what's the girl's name?
Wow, that's not a bad name, I like it!
What's the boy's name?
Name Your humble client.
A: My name is Susan.
Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
Barbie's full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts 2.
With her marriage she got a new name and a dress.
You must have the wrong name!
JEFFERY CLARK My name is Jeffery Clark; I've been hunting on an island off the coast, and I needed to re-supply.
In many parts of the world it is seen as essential for the success of the global services that they should be able to recognize, store, and present textual information like personal and organizational names, represented in the character sets used by those concerned.
While file structure (including file name etc...
Dave also suggested that as a matter of principle any tag names should have meaningful names.
Dave also suggested that as a matter of principle any tag names should have meaningful names.
Action: Dave to post a proposal for the HTML-math tag names.
One idea is to allow the author to name a subexpression and then to use that name in place of further occurrences of that subexpression.
When folded the given name would be shown in place of the subexpression itself.
Bruce talked through the case where names for subexpressions are generated automatically at browse-time.
This doesn't require any special markup, although the ability to give the same name to common subexpressions will depend on the ability to recognize that these subexpressions are in fact semantically identical.
In a previous discussion Raman pointed out that it would be helpful if the user is allowed to set the name of subexpressions as this makes it easier to remember (important for speech-base browsers).
In AsTeR, you could name a cross-referencable object such as an equation with meaningful names e.g. Fibonacci's formula instead of equation 1.13 --this made listening to cross-referenced material easier.
AsTeR also implemented a fairly straight-forward naming algorithm for giving meaningful names to sub-expressions e.g. "lower constraint 1" and denominator 3" etc.
I certainly support the use of ISO TR 9573 entity names for mathematical and technical symbols, as I have written earlier.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
The enclosed set of name and address labels is a FREE GIFT to you from America’s leader in protecting our increasingly vulnerable ocean planet -- the Center for Marine Conservation.
“How do you know my name?”
In fact, why didn’t you call me by name the first time?
“Only if you stop beginning every sentence with my name.”
As we headed down the sidewalk, I said, “What is your name, anyway?”
He told Nepthys the name of a woman who lived on a certain street, and we set off.
My real name is a little more ethnically appropriate, but we don’t toss those around in this place.
“Name me,” she said.
“Don’t name her ‘What did you say?’, okay?
I thought back to one time when I’d been thinking about raising a family and remembered that I’d always liked the name – 
( Gailhaguet and Anissina are not referred to by name in an accompanying FBI agent's affidavit, but by their descriptions their identities are obvious.
( Gailhaguet and Anissina are not referred to by name in an accompanying FBI agent's affidavit, but by their descriptions their identities are obvious.
Johnson will be signing plenty of autographs with his own name if he reaches his goal this year.
On his metal desk were names of military men being ordered into the organization.
Tibbets picked the names, and Karnes made it happen.
As the name suggests, local leaders wanted to instill the people of Youngstown with a fierce sense of urgency, driving them forward to confront steel companies and owners and help secure the future of the region.
Youngstown is the name of the major city area, but surrounding it on all sides are small communities which to the casual viewer are indistinguishable from the main city itself.
Can you condemn an innocent man - a friend-uh - to a lifetime of servitude, in your name while you roam free?

Didn't know there was a name for this.
"What in G-d's name could have possessed you to do such a thing," cried Arthur, nearly raising his voice.
Select Custom Art Prints" - http://ping.fm/4fYdR RT @12C4: Lindsay Lohan makes mock dating service ad http://is.gd/spoK if you r left-handed & use a Crayon then the color name is upside down!
Finally, the 2008 Collections are in, enjoy 70% OFF Brand Name Shoes & Boots for Men & Women from TOP Fashion Designers.
There are only a few days left to register for:
Great destinations, your choice of itineraries, big bonus miles, and 3rd and 4th passengers cruise FREE —now sailing away with Renaissance Cruises is more rewarding than ever.
Be aware that name brands, including electronics, are sometimes fakes, glass may be sold as jade, and that antique you bought may have been made last night.
Place names are often based on the distance to the nearest mile-post, as measured from the tip of the Kowloon peninsula.
It really looks the part; the tourists know its name even before the guide can translate it.
They were joined by a swarm of spies of all conceivable nationalities, and Macau won a name for international intrigue.
The inscription over the archway reads, “Cidade do nome de Deus, não ha outra mais leal” (“City of the Name of God, None is More Loyal”) — a bit of praise attributed to Portugal’s King John IV in the 17th century.
The signatories, who were the Chinese viceroy from Canton and the minister plenipotentiary of the United States of America, put their names to a historic document — the first-ever treaty between the two countries.
The area was called A-Ma Gau (“Bay of A-Ma”), and in this way, Macau got its name.
The Midwest Financial subsidiary banks will continue to operate under their current names until early 1990, when each will adopt the First of America name.
The Midwest Financial subsidiary banks will continue to operate under their current names until early 1990, when each will adopt the First of America name.
I haven't started naming names except for one person, and that's Mr. Richard Cheney who I thought did a great job the other night.
The woman who bought the guns for the two boys who did that killing at Columbine said that if she had had to give her name and fill out a form there, she would not have bought those guns.
I read a report, or a memo, from somebody in his 1988 campaign -- I forgot the fellow's name -- warning then Senator Gore to be careful about exaggerating claims.
There's been too much finger pointing and too much name calling in Washington, D.C.
I've actually passed 56 individual bills that I've personally written and, in addition to that, and not always under my name, there is amendments on certain bills.
Is that the actual name?
People have the same problem with my name.
Oh, in my name?
People have the inverse problem with my name.
a past email of yours, to make sure I'm spelling your name correctly.
How do you pronounce your name?
