In order to develop job skills, a man with some serious disabilities begins working in Goodwill's industrial division.
Here, in Investigations , I am trying to point at the mysterious but utterly natural hopefulness in which an increasing diversity of broken symmetries in the universe creates the diversity of structures and processes that can constitute and identify ramified and ramifying sources of energy, detect those sources of energy, create devices and processes that couple to those sources of energy, and generate yet more diversity that propagates macroscopic order even further.
He wondered aloud how much evidence the United States would need in order to deal with these countries, pointing out that major strikes could take up to 60 days to assemble.
In Chapter VI of Vanity Fair , Thackeray reports on Joe Sedley's drunken avowal to wed Becky Sharp the next morning, even if he had to “knock up the Archbishop of Canterbury at Lambeth,” in order to have him in readiness to perform the ceremony.
At one point, she gets so carried away with her thesis that she suggests that females were responsible not only for all of human evolutionary biology but for the very notion of counting (in order to keep track of menstruation) and, probably by the same token, astronomy.
In order to distinguish systematic from random differences in the array intensity levels, a two-tailed t-test was performed for both comparison groups, which was possible since each group consisted of three independent experiments.
), physics ( Roy G. Biv , or maybe Richard Of York Gains Battles In Vain , for the order of the spectrum's colors-- Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, Blue, Indigo, Violet), and mathematics.
Gene therapy represents a novel approach for delivery of therapeutic agents to joints in order to treat the pathologies associated with RA and osteoarthritis, as well as other disorders of the joints.
The rank order of affinity agrees with the rank order of potency of these ligands in inhibiting forskolin-stimulated cAMP production.
In order to get started I had to sign up for a package of content costing $30 a month.
Hats off to Senate Budget Committee Chairman Pete Dominici, who is trying to put the brakes on the Republicans' heedless zeal to pass a tax-cut bill in order to provoke a presidential veto they can then use in the 2000 campaign.
However, if it is obtained in order to engage the patient in treatment, the information is protected under the above federal regulations that require the express, written permission of the patient before it can be shared with others.
If you are a student of linguistics (in any sense of the term), you might find it convenient to have this book to save your running to the multivolume encyclopedia or the original text (if you have it) in order to see what B. F. Skinner and Noam Chomsky were on about.
It was also the product of a coherent strategy for creating a more flexible, lower-cost workforce, a strategy that only worked because Cat was willing to endure a long strike and reduced profits (at least $100 million in 1991-1992) in order to get what it wanted.
Because the antibodies to D-AKAP1 and RIα were produced in rabbit and mouse, respectively, double-labeling confocal experiments could be performed with these antibodies on the same tissue slice in order to test for colocalization.
The GenBank records were parsed in order to obtain the protein sequence, taxonomic information and additional accessions that were used to retrieve the corresponding GenBank nucleotide records.
The statistics might seem cold, but it's impossib le to remain complacent after meeting someone like Katherine -- or a family who has been left homeless by an illegal eviction, a senior who lost his home to foreclosure from a crooked loan transaction, or a domestic violence victim unable to navigate the courts to get a restraining order.
The play is "an aesthetic non-event, an anticlimax of proportions inevitably commensurate with its avalanche of advance publicity" (Charles Isherwood, Daily Variety ). (Order tickets to the show online.)
Sorting out those programs and agencies that would most benefit from consolidation versus those in which dual missions must be balanced in order to achieve a more effective fit in DHS is a difficult but critical task.
"When I finally made up my mind to leave, I had a restraining order put against him and that was $50 but that was $50 well spent to me," said Bunzy, 40. "
Orders for 100 or more copies to be mailed to a single address are discounted 25 percent.
Affectionately painted servants in de Hooch's paintings, such as the housemaid in Woman and Child in an Interior (circa 1658) handing a mug of beer to an elegantly clad little boy, suggest an affinity with the lower orders of society.
OMB determined that this rule was an economically significant regulatory action under Executive Order 12866 because it could result in an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more.
Weight matrices are typically based on order zero Markov chains, meaning they assume that individual base pairs in the binding site affect binding affinity independently.
Access time" is the time it takes a carrier to deviate from the route in order to make a delivery.
Cliché, which (according to the Oxford English Dictionary) is French for "to click," refers to the "striking of melted lead in order to obtain a proof or cast."
Both the NYT and WP run stories on a development sure to be cited in this country by libertarians chafing against proposed Internet regulation: China's imposition today of stiff fines and prison sentences for distribution or consumption via the Net of "harmful information," defined as that which "defames government agencies," "impedes public order," or "damages state interests."
The United States Board on Geographic Names was established by an executive order of President Benjamin Harrison in September 1890, and has been active ever since, publishing its decisions and issuing official gazetteers.
These are the ones who believe that FEMA and the Fed are merely fronts for the New World Order or the infiltrating aliens.
The hijackers quickly gained control and sprayed Mace, pepper spray, or some other irritant in the first-class cabin, in order to force the passengers and flight attendants toward the rear of the plane.
The development of horizontal drilling, where drill bits actually go sideways from a vertical hole in order to extract more oil, has also helped make the exploitation of smaller and less accessible fields cost-effective.
A University of California, Irvine, study released Wednesday found an interactive computer system effectively helps people fill out paperwork for restraining orders, eviction defense, small-claims cases and requests for filing-fee waivers.
The interim final rule was determined to be a "significant regulatory action" by OMB under Executive Order No.
In order to determine whether R5 viruses are similarly affected by CAP, the binding of HIV-1 BaL as a representative of this virus group to anti-V3 BaL and CCR5, respectively, before and after CAP treatment was studied.
an alternative to a dispreferred expression, in order to avoid possible loss of face: either one's own face or, through giving offense, that of the audience, or of some third party.
In contrast, the sort orders <phylogeny, organism name, cell location, and RNA class> and <organism name, RNA class, phylogeny, and cell location> produce significantly different orders and overall arrangements for the same set of entries (see online examples); the second sorting is more useful when searching for a particular organism, since its exact location on the phylogenetic tree may not be known to the user.
Gaia theorists, who contend that the planet is a superorganism in which creatures unconsciously regulate the atmosphere in order to ensure favorable conditions for life, also believe Mother Nature is on the warpath.
Says a former Clinton aide, "There has been a real tendency to have no good-looking women on the staff in order to protect him."
Their third surviving son, the Duke of Viseu, Master of the Order of Christ, would change the map of the world.
In order to observe changes at the onset of apoptosis, only adherent cell populations were trypsinized, pelleted 5 minutes at 500 × g, and lysed in ice cold lysis buffer (10 mM Tris-HCl (pH 7.5), 1 mM MgCl 2 , 1 mM EGTA, 0.1 mM PMSF, 5 mM β-mercaptoethanol, 0.5% CHAPS, 10% glycerol) for 30 minutes at 4°C.
In accordance with section 605(b)(5), the Commission notes that the proposed Rule and Order does not duplicate, overlap or conflict with any other relevant federal rule.
As soon as the litigious Alan Keyes and Gary Bauer caught wind of what Russert was doing, they staged a mutiny, refusing to yield the floor to him or follow his orders.
In MSR1, homeologs of all three tomato RFLP markers were found in the same linear order on two adjacent Arabidopsis bacterial artificial chromosome (BAC) clones from chromosome 4 ( Arabidopsis accession numbers are in parentheses): F20M13 (AL035540) and T9A14 (AL035656).
LNCaP-FGC cells were obtained from ATCC (order number CRL-10995) and maintained in RPMI supplemented with 10% FBS as described [ 46 ] . We noticed that LNCaP cells at low density grow best on 15 cm Falcon 3025 tissue culture dishes and that the effects of SKP2 overexpression were most pronounced when cells were cultured on these dishes (data not shown).
Areas of savings include less rework on the part of the construction contractor, fewer change orders to the owner for correction of design errors or omissions, and a lowering of the cost of belatedly adding project upgrade features that should have been addressed in the original design.
Index funds, Miller pointed out, are passively managed, which is to say that they simply duplicate the S&P 500 in order to replicate the performance of the "market."
The preamble to the final rule notes that the rule has been reviewed in accordance with the provisions of Executive Order No.
They were quite powerful, and in order to nullify any threat they might pose to the gods, Zeus cut them in two.
Attorneys, investment bankers, consultants and other advisors have played major roles in structuring or engineering business transactions in order to achieve not just a desired business result but also a desired accounting and reporting result.
The order of rows and columns is arbitrary.
However, as noted above, additional actions are necessary in order to address several remaining systemic issues.
Orders by phone: (202) 512-6000 fax: (202) 512-6061 TDD (202) 512-2537
Dunlap may be able to help companies put their short-term financial houses in order, the argument went, but he can't actually turn a company into a viable long-term enterprise--which may explain why he always seems to focus on selling a company after it's been cleaned up.
Computation of a moving average is thus a zeroth order local regression.
So did Lyndon B. Johnson's better-known 1965 order.
A balance that allows cross-species hybridisation while minimizing cross-hybridisation of related genes will be needed in order to obtain optimal results from cross-species microarray experiments.
Within the windows of 1001 heartbeats, for which coordination statistics is performed, mean value and standard deviation of heart rate are the same in original and surrogate data but, due to the random order of RR intervals, deterministic phase relations between the heartbeat and any other oscillator (particularly respiration) are destroyed.
(iv) Other relevant information or requirements under acts and executive orders
The election of Megawati Sukarnoputri as vice president of Indonesia under President Abdurrahman Wahid was widely welcomed around the world as improving the prospects for order and democracy in the country.
The study of formal logic was begun in ancient Grease, in order to make the machinery of reasoning operate more smoothly.
With regard to possible sources of downward bias, it is of note that the recent studies suggest that the single day time series studies may understate the short-term effect on the order of a factor of two.
He stopped coaching Harlem kids in chess two years ago in order to train himself for tournaments and achieve his dream.
"One of the most oft told of the Larry Stories that circulate at CNN concerns his take-out order when he eats dinner at his desk, before the show.
Both families contain on the order of 100 copies genome-wide.
Both the proposed rule and the final rule were reviewed and approved as complying with the requirements of the Order based on the information supplied by FSIS, including the initial and final Regulatory Impact Analyses.
As components of the functional viral RdRP, N and P bind each other [ 23 ] . It was, therefore, important to ask whether they need each other (or other viral proteins) in order to interact with profilin, or whether they are individually capable of binding profilin.
Declarations taking credit for the attacks had already been faxed to the joint al Qaeda-Egyptian Islamic Jihad office in Baku, with instructions to stand by for orders to "instantly" transmit them to Al Quds al Arabi.
For, Truman and Stalin brought their own historic baggage to the task of creating a new world order after 1945.
2) reveals the search strategy and attribute sort order at the bottom of the page.
The New York Times puts Venezuela inside (although it fronts a picture of troops maintaining order there in the aftermath) and goes instead with the New York state court ruling that the Giuliani administration's aggressive strategy for restricting the number of X-rated bookstores and movie theaters in the Big Apple was based on an overly broad definition of an adult-oriented business.
Finally, we did not vary the order of the scenarios.
by auditors in order to identify policy and related control deficiencies.
In covering President Clinton's goal of getting "fast-track" authority in order to enter into free-trade agreements with more countries, the Wall Street Journal notes, in a lions-den reporting strategy, that even in the Missouri congressional district of arch-protectionist Dick Gephardt it is obvious that, post-Nafta, firms are creating jobs and increasing pay due to increased export sales.
This decent elegant fellow human beingWas seated in virtue, character, disability,Behind her the order of the ranged bookshelves,The windows monitored by Venetian blinds--"These can be raised or lowered; numerous slats,Horizontally arranged, and parallel,Which can be tilted so as to admitPrecisely the desired light or air."
In addition, the preambles to the proposed and final rules address Executive Orders 12612 (Federalism) and 12606 (the Family).
The women are deliberately promiscuous in order to win more male protectors for their child.
Executive Order No.
In order to deactivate biochemical guidance cues while preserving haptotactic cues that may guide parallel neurite growth, brain sections were fixed prior to use as substrata for cultured neurons.
He has come to view aid and charity "as an industry, as religion, as a self-serving system that sacrifices its own practitioners and intended beneficiaries in order that it may survive and grow."
Of course, to get from Chinese to Japanese word order, a simple transposition of two characters may not suffice.
Whereas the genome of Fugu rubripes is one order of magnitude shorter than the length of the human genome, the total number of genes is estimated to be approximately the same [ 8 9 ] . Because of the low homology of amino- and carboxyl-terminal sequences, we were not able to determine the complete coding sequences of the eight pufferfish TMC proteins unequivocally; nevertheless, we obtained sufficient sequence information of the central parts of the proteins bearing the transmembrane domains to classify the eight pufferfish TMCs into the three subfamilies.
In Bacteria and Archaea the gene order trpEb_1 → trpEa is one of the most highly conserved of genomic gene arrangements.
After the Reconquest it became the home of the new Military Order of Christ (succeeding the disbanded Knights Templars).
40 In order to interest other stakeholders, such as policymakers and health care providers, additional databases should be used to assess other
The forces that are bringing a little more order to orthography are doing the same to semantics.
Our results showed that the specific target only hybridized to its corresponding spots on the array [ 19 ] . Second, in order to confirm the results, the clones printed on the microarray have to be correct and error free.
Orders for 100 or more copies mailed to a single address are discounted 25 percent.
It is evident in Irish-Americans' increased visits to Ireland (the Irish American Foundation calls them "pilgrimages"); the burgeoning membership of fraternal organizations like the Ancient Order of Hibernians (now at 100,000); and rising contributions to groups like the American Friends of Sinn Fein (in 1995, it raised a record $1.
West said she feels a custody order should be allowed to stand for the full term of the PFA - up to 18 months - as it does in many other counties in the state.
Executive Order No.
These steps are repeated over many generations in order to 'burn in' the chain, so that it converges from the initial parameter settings to a stationary distribution.
In order to be comprehensive and cohesive, the researchers provide a great deal of detail and description and quote directly from the participants' own words and vignettes in the observers' field records.
Measure results achieved by design review processes in order to assess their level of performance.
In order to determine whether the relationship between foliage water content reduction and plant water uptake was a general phenomenon among other northern-selected HRWW genotypes, four additional HRWW cultivars were studied.
In order to distinguish the L91 and E82 loci more confidently in subsequent experiments, we defined the structure of the E82 locus in more detail.
Cuyler, send your order in quickly, for she appears to be in sad need of a wardrobe.
(iv) Other relevant information or requirements under Acts and Executive orders
We are sending you this E-mail because your package is been registered on a Special Order.
We are sending you this E-mail because your package is been registered on a Special Order.
Meanwhile, my father left an order with the depositary that without me, presenting a foreign partner that the company should not mind me.
I need you to make out time to read this mail attentively in order to understand the reason I am sending you this mail.
She cried alot, and held onto me as we sorted through them, putting them all in order.
I guarded the person known as Alice Black for a year and a day in her youth at the orders of the former Queen of Midnight, came with her to live at the Night Palace in Amaron, and stood by as the Queen of Midnight instructed her in the ways of the old order.
I guarded the person known as Alice Black for a year and a day in her youth at the orders of the former Queen of Midnight, came with her to live at the Night Palace in Amaron, and stood by as the Queen of Midnight instructed her in the ways of the old order.
Noir and I arrived one day later, the day before Alice was to turn 13, at the orders of the Queen of Midnight to escort her heir to the Night Palace.
In order to distinguish species D1 from D2, the sample with VO 2+-AMPCP bound to sCD39 was thawed and incubated at room temperature for 30 minutes, and the VO 2+EPR spectrum was collected again.
In order to capture the bound VO 2+-EPR signal before the enzyme completely turned over, sCD39 and VO 2+-ATP were mixed on ice, immediately transferred into the EPR tube and frozen.
In order to further assign species D1 and D2 to the two different conformations, two experiments were done (Fig. 5).
The earlier activation of Gad1 in the forelimb reflects the normal temporal order of events in limb development.
You note that attached to the email is a "legislative fix" to AB1X that cou= ld=20 solve the credit issue and an attached set of "taking points" related to a= =20 second alternative to solving the credit issue: a PUC order clarifying tha= t=20 DWR will get its money for power purchase costs.
Two=20 possible options for addressing the credit issue are 1) a California PUC=20 order clarifying that DWR will recover its power purchase costs through=20 rates, and 2) an amendment to AB1X designed to accomplish the same goal.
p>Solution: The Governor=01,s executive order regarding interconnection is = a=20 step in the right direction=01*D-D-26-01 requires utilities to complete=20 interconnection studies within 7 days.
p>Solution: California should ensure that the executive orders (D-22-01 thru= =20 D-26-01) issued by the Governor to expedite plant siting and maximize plant= =20 output apply equally to smaller scale, =01&distributed generation=018 facil= ities.
However, ambiguities contained in AB1X have created significant credit risk= =20 concerns that need to be resolved in order to finalize contract terms.
p>Clarify the Ambiguities in AB1X through an Order Issued by the PUC, and=20 through Contract Language This is the option that we are currently working with DWR officials to=20 implement.
We have attached electronic= =20 copies of the talking points related to the order that the California PUC= =20 would need to issue under this option.
p>The Governor=01,s executive orders and Senator Sher=01,s siting reform legi= slation=20 are steps in the right direction.
According to two government officials involved in the inquiry, the Ethics Committee received a vast amount of information from federal investigators, some of it under a court order issued in March.
The confirmation number for this transaction is NBER_103397 and a summary of your order is below.
In order to move forward, Janet Dietrich will be meeting with me when I go to Houston next Thursday.
In order to inform itself about its environment, Antie will need a number of sensors.
In order to orient itself toward the nest while navigating outside, Antie will need to determine which direction the nest is in and rotate toward that heading, and also how far from the nest it is at its current location.
Antie will therefore have a polarization function that will return a compass direction toward which it should orient in order to return home to the nest, and a distance function that will return the shortest direct distance.
As a result, I will model the three main behaviors in the order that they are to be engaged in.
In order to perform both of these functions, Antie will need a subroutine to explore in a zig-zag fashion, as harvester ants do (Gordon, 34).
This will emulate the digging that foragers must often do in order to locate seeds, and will enable Antie to accurately retrieve seeds for its host nest.
Humans, in the process of defining themselves, look to immediately recognizable factors in order to differentiate themselves from others.
However, they also claimed that they were part of a larger group, the working class, whose poverty was a direct result of American imperialism; therefore they should join these new popular leftist movements in order to reorganize society into a worker-friendly one (Jackson 1995: 6-7).
It is necessary to work within the national legal system in order to gain policy reform beyond the local level; however, with widely differing concepts of justice a a balance is difficult to achieve.
(Rappaport 2005) Once punishments are completed, the criminal is seen as rehabilitated, having fulfilled his duty to restore harmonic order, and is welcomed back into the community (Gow and Rappaport 2002: 61, Rappaport 2005: 97).
In Guatemala, they are largely comprised of the conflict between poverty and progress; the pan-Mayan movement must meet the dual trials of establishing a positive identity within the Mayan population itself and legitimacy in the legal and political arenas in order to gain policy reforms and codified rights in law.
Now, many more moderate Muslims have become radicalized, world-wide, willing to kill innocent civilians in order to achieve their purposes.
While that does not seem to be a meaningful assertion, it is perfectly accurate: the movement is in sonata form, but there is an introduction that does not relate thematically to any other parts of the movement (not unheard of in Mozart sonatas), and the recapitulation presents the two themes of the exposition in reverse order.
The recapitulation, as we have seen, presents the themes in reverse order.
The experimenters had some concerns about participants' natural beliefs in relation to the passages they read, however, so in study two, the order of the two measures (lay theories and motivation/goal listing) was varied.
The people who believed that self-control is fixed were unaffected by order.
In addition to the obvious evidence of deformation described above, evidence of deformation is provided by alluvial deposits and paleosoils (Machette, 1978; Keller et al., 1982; Bull, 1984; Rockwell et al., 1984; Rockwell, 1988) by variations in gradients of streams of different orders (Merritts and Vincent, 1989; Merritts and Hesterberg, 1994) and by variations of valley and river longitudinal profiles (Volkov et al., 1967; Seeber and Gornitz, 1983).
In order to maintain a constant gradient, a river that is being steepened by a downstream tilt will increase its sinuosity or braid, whereas a reduction of valley slope will lead to a reduction of sinuosity or aggradation if the pattern cannot change.
As a result a shift from ‘bounded’ careers – prescribed by relatively stable organisational and occupational structures – to ‘boundaryless’ careers – where uncertainty and flexibility are the order of the day – is increasingly common.
Our examination suggests that seemingly random micro-level activities result in the creation of emergent pattern and order.
Finally, we will point out the patterns, order, and shape we see enactment bringing to each of these respective settings.
Proponents point out that, in order to learn and solve the problems encountered in rapid technological advancement, knowledge must be shared among firms in a symbiotic balance between co-operation and competition.
People seek to form relationships and routines in order to learn and thrive in their surroundings.
It is through such social interaction and collective action that we begin to understand how patterns and order emerge in the Valley.
In a ‘weak’ environment that lasts a lifetime, it is critical that non-bureaucratic forms of cohesion bring order to the industry.
From micro-level enactment we see macro-level influence and patterns, order and shape in the independent film industry.
As they take charge, boundaries will form and re-form, and underlying order provide a macro-economic stability in an environment in which ‘organization man’ has become all but extinct.
in order to land and immediately gun her down .
But in order to regain some control over their lives that they firmly believe they've lost, they're now trying to determine, with unwavering certainty, that we've all been doing this wrong the whole time and if we just get back to what the founders wanted, everything will be ok.
they don't believe in: evolution, climate change, the dept of education, public education, taxes in order to pay for roads/police and firemen.
It is time to revisit and update the Clean Air Act once again in order to achieve the additional reductions needed to address public health and environmental problems in the most cost effective manner.
There was a counterpoint in the label world after some court cases resulted in a company's revising its grape sourcing to comply with tightened requirements for 75% in-county fruit in order to remain legal in designating the wine as from "Napa".
Freely flowing “comps” (complimentary food, drink, and entertainment) were the order of the day, with mob bosses content to provide an environment of pleasurable excess as long as the cash kept rolling in.
Be sure to write me back to let me know your 2001 Calendar has arrived m good order.
All animals need a place to “get to” in order to be safe from bullets, cruelty, traps and clubs.
The chief orders all of his people to scavenge every scrap of wood they can.
I am sorry it runs to eight pages, but in order that I know as much about him or her as your bank knows about me, there is no alternative.
High Living A man goes into his local building supply store and orders 10,054 bricks.
If we Fail A customer walks into a restaurant and notices a large sign on the wall, "$500 IF WE FAIL TO FILL YOUR ORDER!
She calmly writes down his order and walks into the kitchen where all hell breaks loose!
In order to get their attention, you have to turn them on; 2.

You are under arrest for violating a military order.
If we can contain the animals, we'll give it a try, but my orders are to stabilize the area using any and all means necessary.
eas if you don't accept the Copyright Clause claim, then, in order to make the First Amendment analysis we've simply got to say, well, gee, is the promotion of useful art and so on more important than the public domain, and can we say that that allows a distinction between 50 years and 70 years? We'

The order of octets in the interchange of data is left to be specified by the sender and the recipient in UCS.
Can we define a mechanism to identify the serialized byte order of a data stream?
Do we need to differentiate or specify how tagged data (i.e the field typ e in a data base)and how "serialized byte order" data are treated in a communication protocol or will some common specification for the tag and the type be sufficient?
The M*N**2 order of magnitude reduces to N. This is the extended "ASCII culture" of some future, no doubt.
Dave proposes something on the order of integral from ... to ... of ... \d x for an "ordinary" integral.
This is quite similar to the expected end for the femme fatal character in films - she is punished in some way so that social order and proper gender roles are restored.
For more than 60 years, caring and concerned wildlife lovers like yourself have supported our mission to educate, inspire and assist individuals and organizations to conserve wildlife and other natural resources and to protect the earth’s environment in order to achieve a peaceful, equitable and sustainable future.
Over the past four years, four judges have been suspended, including a Ukrainian who was taped by a Canadian judge detailing the order of finish for the ice dancers before the 1998 Winter Games in Nagano, Japan.
Karnes was Tibbets' adjutant, the man in charge of writing the orders and cajoling the transfer to the unit of servicemen proficient in bombing, mechanics, ordnance, engineering and communications.
His first order appointed Karnes adjutant for the 509th.
Karnes was deluged with orders for inoculations, equipment, transfers and promotions.

So who's fault is it, *really*, that you've ended up a rum-pot deckhand what takes orders from pirates?

Orders!
As far as we know, the ancient Greeks used only three orders: Doric, Ionic, and Corinthian.
Vitruvius describes them, and also refers to a Tuscan order, which is a Roman invention.
Roman, too, is the so-called Composite order, an ornate blend of Ionic and Corinthian.
A sixteenth-century French architect, Philibert de l’Orme, invented a French order; Edwin Lutyens devised an order based on Mughal precedents for the Viceroy’s House in New Delhi; more recently, Allan Greenberg created an order for the offices of the Secretary of State that incorporated the Great Seal of the United States.
A sixteenth-century French architect, Philibert de l’Orme, invented a French order; Edwin Lutyens devised an order based on Mughal precedents for the Viceroy’s House in New Delhi; more recently, Allan Greenberg created an order for the offices of the Secretary of State that incorporated the Great Seal of the United States.
A sixteenth-century French architect, Philibert de l’Orme, invented a French order; Edwin Lutyens devised an order based on Mughal precedents for the Viceroy’s House in New Delhi; more recently, Allan Greenberg created an order for the offices of the Secretary of State that incorporated the Great Seal of the United States.
Inside, the barrel-vaulted ceiling of the lobby was supported by a Tuscan order.
The line between order and disorder is a thin one, and it is difficult to know what is intended and what is accidental.
Stunned, Allan slowly gathered up the pages and placed them in order.
The secret to getting a coffee drink from Starbucks that doesn't taste like sugar milk: order it with an additional shot of espresso.
bbcworld North Korea orders UN nuclear inspectors to leave the country, the organisation's nuclear watchdog says.
QOTD heading into earnings season: A wealth of information creates a poverty of attention(Herbert Simon) Boosting sales: Zappos creates map on its site showing, in real-time, orders being placed for its shoes across the U.S. http://is.gd/r5KF Blame me for pushing cupcakes as an Easter treat:danamccauley.wordpress.com/2009/04/10/easy-easter-dessert/ RT @ToddSchager: The chief cause of failure and unhappiness is trading what you want most for what you want now.
Eastbay 15% off any order (exclusions apply) http://couponalbum.com/coupons/eastbay.htm Ridiculous carter solo!!!!
Order a second bag and receive free shipping on all your bags!
Order our Cock Growth Patch and start a new life of success and happiness.
Order XtraSize+ NowDonít hesitate, make your order today
Order XtraSize+ NowDonít hesitate, make your order today
NO DOCTOR'S VISITS - all orders are filled inhouse and shipped out straight to you
Please understand that this drastic measure was taken in order to protect your online privacy.
Please Sign In to your account as soon as possible and verify your identity in order to unlock your account
If, after concluding a deal, you try to pay with a credit card, he may then boost the price in order to cover the card charges.
The lookout point at Lok Ma Chau was once known as Hong Kong’s “window on China” — in the years of China’s isolation from the West, tourists would come to the lookout point here and rent binoculars in order to get a glimpse of the great mystery beyond.
Waertsilae Marine's biggest creditor is Miami-based Carnival Cruise Lines Inc. Carnival, which has three ships on order from Waertsilae Marine, presented claims for $1.5 billion damages in the bankruptcy court this week.
We’re now creating model projects in 25 of these high-priority areas -- in order to balance conservation with people’s need to use natural resources to sustain their livelihoods.
Already just today the members of his political party said that they were going to ignore the orders of the new president of Serbia, and that they question his legitimacy, and he's still going to try to be actively involved.
And we have got to again lead by example and help these other countries that are trying to straighten out their situations find the tools in order to do it.
The only thing an executive order can accomplish is to ban it in federal law enforcement agencies, but I would also support a law in the Congress that would have the effect of doing the same thing.
The book you mentioned that Vice President Gore wrote, he also called for taxing -- big energy taxes in order to clean up the environment.
But younger workers, in order to make sure the system exists tomorrow, younger workers ought to be able to take some of your own money and invest it in safe securities to get a better rate of return on that money.
In other words, in order to make sure we're secure, there must be a comprehensive plan.
Being lectured by the president on fiscal responsibility is a little bit like Tony Soprano talking to me about law and order in this country.
I broke with my party in order to balance the budget, and Ronald Reagan signed into law the tax cut that we voted for.
And so in order to take pressure off the borders, in order to make the borders more secure, I believe there ought to be a temporary worker card that allows a willing worker and a willing employer to mate up, so long as there's not an American willing to do that job, to join up in order to be able to fulfill the employers' needs.
And so in order to take pressure off the borders, in order to make the borders more secure, I believe there ought to be a temporary worker card that allows a willing worker and a willing employer to mate up, so long as there's not an American willing to do that job, to join up in order to be able to fulfill the employers' needs.
And so in order to take pressure off the borders, in order to make the borders more secure, I believe there ought to be a temporary worker card that allows a willing worker and a willing employer to mate up, so long as there's not an American willing to do that job, to join up in order to be able to fulfill the employers' needs.
And if we did that, we'd have more consumption ability in America, which is what we need right now in order to kick our economy into gear.
In order to make sure people have jobs for the 21st century, we've got to get it right in the education system, and we're beginning to close a minority achievement gap now.
In order to defend ourselves, we'd have to get international approval.
And we worked together with Democrats to relieve the tax burden on the middle class and all who pay taxes in order to make sure this economy continues to grow.
