Given that the troubles on the West Bank have not only frosted relations between Arafat and Israel, but also those between Israel and Egypt and between Israel and Saudi Arabia, the paper states that the U.S. is now facing the prospect that the moderate Arab coalition it built after the Persian Gulf war to contain Iraq and Iran is falling apart.
Perhaps the most striking indicator of a change of mood inside the government reported by the paper is the news that cabinet member Ariel Sharon, who as Defense Minister in 1982 got Israel entrenched in Lebanon in the first place, is among those urging a reconsideration of the deployment.
There are, says the paper, a total of 40 such suits on file, with Minnesota's turn coming next week.
The NYT abortion survey, the first conducted by the paper since 1989, was based on telephone interviews of 1,101 people and detects "a notable shift from general acceptance" of having the procedure: from 40 percent to 32 percent.
Some local cable companies, the paper says, expect the fees they'll pay ESPN to go up more than 20 percent.
As they worked on defining the goals and objectives of the upcoming campaign, they considered a paper that went beyond al Qaeda to propose the "elimination of terrorism as a threat to our way of life," an aim that would include pursuing other international terrorist organizations in the Middle East.
President Bush also tasked the State Department, which on the following day delivered to the White House a paper titled "Game Plan for a Political- Military Strategy for Pakistan and Afghanistan."
The paper took it as a given that Bin Ladin would continue to act against the United States even while under Taliban control.
Rice prepared a paper that President Bush then considered with principals on Monday morning, September 17.
A Defense Department paper for the Camp David briefing book on the strategic concept for the war on terrorism specified three priority targets for initial action: al Qaeda, theTaliban, and Iraq.
A guy with a bottle-shaped brown paper bag, damp and wrinkled at its upper end, has almost certainly been slugging down a sweet wine of high proof, and the odds are pretty good you would find it is a muscadoodle .
On the other hand, a wino with an empty paper bag on a ramble to maintain his muscat level—now that has a touch of poetry.
One day during a university English class, a very discomfited student, after frantic and obtrusive dictionary work, handed a colleague of mine a scrap of paper.
In addition to writing a research paper, i will be making an exhibition in front of a panel of judges that will demonstrate a connection to the real world.
Her hands dance in mid-air, looking for where she left her pen and paper before her breakdown interlude.
You roll your eyes but willingly oblige; your term paper is not moving any further tonight.
He jotted down something on his paper, and pulled another instrument out of his pocket.
This Thanksgiving, she will finally be free from her research paper...
The little boy returned with a clipboard, and on it was a long piece of paper.
Clinical trials powered to detect differences in YHL would often require fewer subjects than trials to detect survival differences or cardiovascular events [ 10 ] . In this paper we study whether BMI at baseline is associated with living longer, and/or with more years of being healthy, in a cohort of older adults for whom risk factors, subclinical disease, and morbidity are well characterized.
Both authors contributed equally to the paper.
The code for this, adapted from Russell’s paper, might look like this:
The graph in Example 2 will serve as a point of departure for the subsequent analysis; while we will periodically refer back to some of its specific elements, it should be understood that even when not explicitly referenced, this graph serves as the explanatory goal of this paper.
Robert Sack wrote a delightful paper [PDF] on jet lag, by the way, which is where I'm getting much of my information.
The Fuller, Lu, & Saper paper [PDF], published in Science , discusses the mechanism, though a more recent paper argues that the Fuller et al. results are inconclusive .
The Fuller, Lu, & Saper paper [PDF], published in Science , discusses the mechanism, though a more recent paper argues that the Fuller et al. results are inconclusive .
In the paper, "self-control" is used to mean a sense of willpower.
Emil Malaquez arrived after sundown, carrying a small package wrapped in what looked like real paper.
Tasha snatched it from him to rip away the paper.
However, for the purposes of this paper, homosexuality will be looked at solely in terms of men).
Curious, a man walked over, bought a paper, and checked the front page.
What he saw was yesterday's paper.
The man said, "Hey, this is an old paper, where's the story about the big swindle?
another long pause] Captain: Why does the fire control screen have a dancing paper clip on it?
The paper clip has died!
Paper is always strongest at the perforations.
A young girl who was writing a paper for school came to her father and asked, "Dad, what is the difference between anger and exasperation?
They created the rex, and from what I've read in the paper, they created a beast capable of killing the rex.
What about rendering to paper??
The hunchback pulled out a scrap of paper and scribbled something on it with his fingernail, then handed it to Nepthys.
 I hope you will be pleasantly surprised -- and delighted -- with the enclosed National Wildlife Wrapping Paper Collection and matching gift tags.
The wrapping paper and matching gift cards feature delightful holiday wildlife images that will come in handy for wrapping your last minute presents.
When you use the attractive wrapping paper and gift tags, you will be helping us spread the word about saving America’s wildlife treasures and their habitat.
Please use the enclosed holiday gift wrapping paper and gift tags to help spread the word about our mission of conservation to your friends and family.
The operators at the East Fishkill factory wear light nylon uniforms, light blue shoe coverings and translucent hair nets made of paper.
I made eight; the last two were totally pulverized after being jostled in a paper bag for half an hour.
Opening a side drawer, he took out a piece of paper and his inkpot.
After filling his pen, Allan looked at his paper in the orange glow from the lantern set back in the desk's right-hand corner.
He had filled his pen and raised it, the nib descending towards the paper, before the sound came: the gentle, persistent tapping of the gnarled, primeval willow touching the window with long, insistent fingers.
Allan filled page after page, the words escaping from his mind onto the paper.
"So," he asked, "you don't think it's a waste of ink and paper, a futile expedition into morbidity or literary debauchery?"
is wondering how the hell she's going to write a 10-page paper on text messaging...
Reading software design using java 2 Sourcing, recruiting Back to paper of Piratpartiet.
Lecturing at Kajaani, Working with a paper about Piratpartiet The eagle has flown!

The State: Reward for arrest in animal crimes http://bit.ly/9GSUQ Amazing how happy a little piece of paper can make me today!
With the cost of publishing a paper rising,..
Sent money faster than writing and mailing paper checks
Fish (heads discreetly wrapped in paper) are still hung out to dry in the sun.
The individual artisans’ shops are no longer here, but you can visit a silk-weaving factory, a ceramics plant, and the Foshan Folk Art Studio, where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns, carving sculptures, painting scrolls, and cutting intricate designs in paper.
The British paper, packaging and publishing concern, said profit from continuing lines fell 10% to #118 million from #130.6 million.
The paper also sees the idea of censuring President Clinton losing momentum.
Indeed, the LAT and NYT s quote Mikhail Gorbachev from an interview in an Italian paper saying that Yeltsin did not want to resign but was pushed out by a trio of this inner circle including his daughter.
In its main editorial Monday, the paper said the British had particular cause for dismay over the United States' "punishing tariffs" on their products, because they have given "unquestioning and unhesitating support for all U.S. policies and actions--even to the extent of exposing their own citizens and interests to danger, and calling into question their true commitment to Europe."
And the paper quotes Clinton in reaction to Reno's recent statement that she was 'mad' about the White House's lag on the coffee tapes: "You should have been there when I heard about it."
To qualify for matching funds, campaigns must verify the addresses, phone numbers, signatures, and occupations of all donors--and constructing this paper trail can be costly.
And the paper points to the most likely cause of the trend with its citation of a new Journal of the American Medical Association paper stating that doctors often prescribe antibiotics for colds and bronchitis caused by viruses even though antibiotics are ineffective against viruses.
Resources for the Future Discussion Paper 00-37.
Chernomyrdin's initial public comments, says the paper, harks back to Soviet times, with his suggestion of more government support for ailing industries.
The paper's top non-local story, which nobody else fronts, is Israeli P.M.
The paper led its front page with Ecevit saying that he hopes there will now be a solution to the Kurdish problem, though in the interview he spoke of achieving this not through greater political autonomy, as the Kurds demand, but through economic improvements in the southeast region of Turkey where they live.
The paper calls this Gore's "sharpest public break" yet with President Clinton's policies and says that it represents a change from the position Gore had been taking as recently as this past weekend.
The paper reports that construction shortcuts were common in older high-rises, including cases where building crews used vegetable oil cans instead of bricks.
Although Blair was described in the headline of a Jerusalem Post editorial as a "most welcome visitor" to Israel, the paper said the idea "that the Stormont wizard can perform another miracle in the Holy Land is nice, but somewhat unreal."
The paper observes that the anxiety over child safety among current parents, the largest generation of American parents ever, has considerably broadened the constituency for victims' rights.
The New York Times , which also fronts the Court's disability decision, leads instead with the NYC school chancellor's threat to quit if the city goes ahead with a planned tax-funded private school voucher program, but the paper's top non-local story is the U.S.' imposition (as promised last December) of 100 percent tariffs on certain European luxury goods.
The Washington Post lead is the paper's latest poll results indicating that in the wake of last week's vote to start an impeachment investigation, public support for the Republican-held Congress and Republican congressional candidates has dropped considerably, most of all among likely voters and independents.
The paper bases its story on CIA documents.
As the Indian army went on full alert, the paper said, "New Delhi is aware that the military regime in Islamabad will mean more trouble in Kashmir.
(2001) that the scheme used in that work and in Figure 4of this paper has advantages for representing the topology of signaling networks.
The California state bar, now has, says the paper, a backlog of 6,556 unresolved complaints against attorneys.
And I say this as someone also perfectly comfortable with computers; I'd have a hard time getting any kind of serious writing done on paper (though I do love fountain pens and think they're not at all inconvenient), and I can comfortably revise and edit onscreen.
The paper reports that in general, the states are reacting conservatively, plowing most of the found money into tax cuts, schools, and contingency funds.
The paper reported, meanwhile, that republican and loyalist terrorist groups are both preparing for new violence.
The paper lays much of the blame for this on the inadequacies of the D.C. medical examiner's office.
But with its top line, the paper does best communicate the government's sense of urgency: "U.S.
Yet neither paper explains what Congress can do about the deal.
This paper describes the first attempt in any organism to determine how the presence of a replication enhancer next to a core replication origin alters the relative importance of the sequences within the core origin.
The individual artisans’ shops are no longer here, but you can visit a silk-weaving factory, a ceramics plant, and the Foshan Folk Art Studio, where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns, carving sculptures, painting scrolls, and cutting intricate designs in paper.
On Monday the same paper reported the death at age 97 of Elizabeth Gray Vining, an American teacher from Philadelphia who served as Emperor Akihito's tutor for four years from 1946 while he was still crown prince of Japan.
The paper says the new presidential tool creates "post-season budget playoffs."
Yet, the paper reports, Clinton also said that he thought a smaller tax cut could and should be passed this year.
In sheer dollars, says the paper, few towns have benefited as much from the Dow.
But the paper commented that legislators might decide that, in Russia's current economic circumstances, it is too expensive to provide juries to all the country's courts and that therefore capital punishment should be banned altogether.
The recycled ingredients include rough stuff like cardboard boxes as well as office paper.
Thanks to late-stage capitalism, the supermarket shelves sag with scores of brands in the three main paper categories.
An analysis of separate postal systems for bulk mailers is beyond the scope of this paper.
The paper quotes a California congressman as saying, "The process has been rigged.
If not, then shouldn't the paper back down to "seemed amused?"
One of the questions of this paper is whether the Postal Service could become a sustainable monopoly if all protection were removed.
, Kansas City, MO, USA) were then placed on top of the blot paper and seeds sown on top of the nytex screens.
The data available in this study cannot discern the possible mechanisms that are operating to result in a length-dependence of P t */P t . However, the observations in this paper clearly demonstrate that this length-dependence is operative at the sarcomere level, and P t */P t decreases as sarcomere length increases whether it is studied after high frequency (tetanic contraction) or after low frequency (staircase) stimulation.
In the rest of this paper, we refer to this procedure as 'global normalization' or scaled average difference (AD s).
The WP 's above-the-fold article calls President Clinton "upbeat" on Asian economies, and the paper front-pages the Yamaichi failure only in a small "reefer" to a page A11 story.
This paper describes the first application of microsatellite fingerprinting to Brucella isolates.
The paper also reports that documents made available yesterday show that the DOJ weighed in with the White House against clemency in 1996.
Strikes by power workers because they received no wages and a general slackening of labor discipline in the industry caused a rise in accidents, the paper said.
In an interview published Thursday in the conservative paper, Jones said his wife had been under such pressure that she had come "within a whisker" of abandoning the lawsuit.
The paper condemns Congress' myopic intent to cut foreign aid and argues that international assistance is a good investment because it can bolster political stability.
(Such overly precise reporting could be justified in a paper if intended to help the reader duplicate the calculations, rather than as a conclusory statement.
3 This paper refers almost interchangeably to rate(s) and price(s).
Thanks to its ever-more supple closing times, the paper also includes a ground-level account of the Times Square action last night, featuring the biggest and most orderly crowd in years.
"A break-up of Microsoft would be highly controversial and politically contentious, especially in the run-up to a presidential election," the paper said.
These TG mice showed progressive structural and functional abnormalities in their testes, leading eventually to infertility [ 23 24 25 ] . In our recent paper, we described an altered pattern of germ cell proliferation throughout postnatal life in the ABP-TG mice, resulting in a progressive reduction in total germ cell numbers with increasing age [ 26 ] . However, it was not clear whether the reduction in germ cell numbers was the result of a reduced rate of proliferation, an increased rate of apoptosis, or a combination of the two.
The paper explains why Japan is hesitant to go further than this: it fears Chinese demands for compensatory damages.
The paper says that the vote puts new pressure on hostile Senate Republicans to approve the bill.
The identities of these best protein-level matches are provided as additional data with this paper and integrated with the graphical representation of each candidate at our website [ 22].
The paper said in an editorial: "There is nothing humanitarian or liberating about the intense bombing of Yugoslavia, which has created even more refugees and resulted in widespread ecocide."
The paper says that this sort of lawsuit could ultimately be more of a threat to the company than suits brought by competitors, potentially costing it millions, even billions.
Well, explains, the paper, there are the architects (How to mark the cornerstones of buildings?)
A few steps from the exit is Kaminarimon (“Thunder God Gate”), the main entrance to the temple, hung with a pair of enormous red paper lanterns.
AB conceived of this study, carried out the analyses and wrote the paper.
Or you can while away the time reading magazines on paper.
It's more than a little puzzling that the LAT , with a huge Latino population in its coverage area, a paper that has recently given over quite a bit of front-page space to blacks' complaints about their sparse television presence, runs the story on Page 12.
Today's Papers is refreshed by the periodic unflacked appearance of Lowell Bergman's byline in the NYT . (He's in the paper today with a workaday story of an arms dealer's arrest.)
"Dining In," "Fine Arts," etc., help advertisers more than readers, and make the paper unwieldy to read.
"To choose to build an Islamic religious edifice on the precise spot where Gabriel appeared to Mary is deliberately to overthrow the sacred order that everyone has respected for centuries," the paper said.
Before I indentured myself to Microsoft and its stock options, I worked for a publication called the Washington City Paper . The City Paper is what journalists pretentiously call an "alternative weekly" and what everyone else calls a "rag."
The idea is, says the paper, picking up support from mainstream civil rights organizations and politicians.
The paper, which has run many front-page stories in the past year suggesting that China did indeed steal U.S. nuclear secrets, often detailing suspicious behavior of Lee, puts this one inside.
C, Title XVII) -GPEA requires that by 2003 federal agencies provide, where practicable, for the option of submitting, maintaining, or disclosing information in electronic form as a substitute for paper, and for the use and acceptance of electronic signatures.
The instruments were developed taking into consideration previously published guidelines [ 49 50 ] , and instruments [ 51 52 53 54 55 ] . To maximize objectivity in the evaluation of paper quality, a checklist of quality factors was developed and transformed into a quality assessment instrument.
2 Notwithstanding, we use this restrictive definition of universal service for this paper.
The paper's lead editorial proclaims that "A Congress so out of step with the people it claims to represent ...is a greater danger to the Republic than all of Clinton's selfish lies."
Give him a wide birth, for instance, may have been just a spelling error on a student's paper I was reading.
, companion paper http://www.biomedcentral.com/1471-2202/2/8).
But it's much likelier, Shaw writes, that she "didn't think it was a big deal" (the actual quote is from Dick Stanton, senior vice president and chief operating officer for the paper).
The paper devoted its second editorial to the diplomatic significance of Madeleine Albright's jewelry.
Brown said Talk was printed on thin paper to have "a roll-it-up-and-put-it-in-your-pocket, European feeling."
In another front-page editorial, La Stampa criticized the new German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder for canceling the Nov. 8 commemoration in France of World War I. The paper said it is understandable that Schröder's generation should want to lift from itself blame that doesn't belong to it.
not a word, not a phrase that might give nourishment to her worshippers, that might render her myth lasting, or at least a little more lasting," the paper said.
The paper says that to keep the Dems from using the material during the hearings yesterday, Henry Hyde declared it confidential.
0 or later), by recent versions of most other major word processors, or by Word Viewer, a free bit of software (which you may already have as part of Windows 95 or 98).
Even so, the paper says some experts say it would be premature to declare that the problem has been beaten throughout the federal computer world.
Last Thursday the paper editorialized, "Outside help will soon dry up unless corruption is brought under control."
(Of course, those pictures will surface, and don't be surprised if they also eventually make their way into a "mainstream" paper, probably over a caption like, "Media experts debate: Was the Star wrong to publish these pictures?"
In this paper, we conduct a detailed ratio imaging study using green fluorescent protein (GFP)-labeled wild type and 3 × Ala myosin-II and a soluble GFP as a volume marker.
After the Civil War, it is in the inaugurals of Hayes, James Garfield (1881), and Benjamin Harrison (1889) that we find the most explicit and positive discussion of the need to convert into reality the rights and freedom granted to the "freedmen" on paper by the 13 th , 14 th , and 15 th amendments.
For this reason, the gamma distribution has been chosen in this paper as the function of choice to model intestinal absorption data.
Additional examples can be found in the additional data files available with this paper (see Additional data files and [ 17]).
The paper points out that the bill, which includes such taxpayer protections as shifting the burden of proof to the government in tax disputes and the creation of a civilian oversight board, will likely be even further strengthened by the Senate.
But the paper leaves out what happened next, which is however reported by the WP : Bumpers pointed at his former colleagues, saying, "Just as you and you and you and you, and millions of other people who have been caught in similar circumstances, should have thought of it before."
But "after Germany joined NATO in 1955, the Christian Democrat government in Rome didn't want to ruin its relationship with its new partner by holding embarrassing trials," the paper said.
Although State Farm admitted no wrongdoing, the paper explains that--as confirmed by an internal memo it obtained--the company, without notifying policyholders, lowered coverage limits and backed off its previous policy of guaranteed property replacement.
The paper reports that the drugs were prescribed more than 20 million times last year.
On the Republican side, the paper says that Bush got 41 percent, Steve Forbes 30 percent, Alan Keyes 14 percent, and Gary Bauer 9 percent.
The decision sets the stage, says the paper, for a ruling on the matter by the Supreme Court.
Little did I realize, when I typed the charmed words "paper shredder," how much I missed them.
The paper cites a number of factors that might explain the drop: a stronger economy, stabilization of the drug-trade, stricter sentencing laws, improved police tactics, periodic gang truces, and a decrease in the young-adult demographic.
And, the paper reports, less than three weeks after that tete-a-tete, Federal Express gave $100,000 to the DNC, part of a total of $275,000 in soft money that the company ponied up to the Democrats during the last election cycle.
The paper said Rupert Murdoch's 20 th Century Fox could face another controversy over its application to film The Beach , starring Leonardo DiCaprio, on Phi Phi Island.
Gingrich also tells the paper that President Clinton should not embark on a planned trip to China until he answers to Congress.
Explaining Why so Many Households Do Not Save," Working Paper Series 00.
The purpose of this paper is to describe the SWISS protocol in detail.
Because the paper did not say that Ms.
Last week an IUPUI student using indexing and abstracting tools in the library found references to articles which dealt precisely with the subject she had chosen for her term paper.
The paper said the prime minister has already been warned of "certain plots" against Sonia Gandhi by the Indian intelligence agencies and has increased the security around her.
The paper points out that the number of people likely to be affected by the change would be quite small--there are only 2 million audits annually and only about 1,500 of them end up in court.
This double counting means that our methods have the tendency to overestimate w neut ( d ). This overestimation, however, is not problematic in the context of the present paper, because - as we emphasized in the results - our main conclusions are based on the large contribution of w comp ( d ) to w ( d ). A correction for the overestimation of w neut ( d ) would increase the contribution of w comp ( d ), and would therefore make our conclusions even stronger.
Disappointingly, neither paper mentions the organization that broke the story-- Salon magazine.
All the deconvolution procedures and the software code used in this paper are freely available on the web http://www.pkquest.com.
I can't claim to have known him personally: I was 3 years old when his famous paper on the theory of the "second best" was published (click to read more about it), and we probably met only four or five times.
A good map is essential, but it’s easy to be fooled by how near things look on paper.
"For more than a year it has been customary to say that the peace talks are blocked, paralyzed, in grave danger, moribund," the paper's Jerusalem correspondent wrote Monday.
The paper is probably afraid of launching napalm-filled lorries from the front page.
The paper's quotes this gender- and religion-confused defense of Currie offered by Jesse Jackson: "Betty Currie isn't a lone gunman shooting from the hips.
For visual clarity in this paper we have dropped hyphens and substrain designations from RI strain names.
Whereas Ben Bradlee served as Post editor-for-life, the Times places an informal term limit on its executive editor job, and this turnover has helped to reinvigorate the paper: Times executive editors know they must make their mark in haste, before their tenure is over.
It issued scrip--pieces of paper equivalent to one hour of baby-sitting time.
Of particular importance to this study are the genes p53 and K- ras 2 since a significant proportion of the mutations are localized to a relatively small number of mutational hotspots [ 13 14 15 16 ] . In this paper we introduce a screen to detect the presence of pancreatic cancer by looking for somatic mutations in p53 and K- ras 2 using polony technology to microsequence mutational hotspots within these two genes.
In the present paper, we have used the term "compensatory mutation" for all mutations that are not on the main neutral network, irrespective of their distance to this network.
Statistics appearing elsewhere on the paper's front also make it clear that this is a more nuanced issue than the LAT generally makes it seem: 37 percent of Latinos voted against continued bilingualism, as did 57 percent of Asians.
The paper said that many Chileans condemned the Spanish extradition request because it undermined Chile's national reconciliation efforts.
In the current paper, we have used the Caco-2 cell culture model to demonstrate that CaT1 mRNA is preferentially expressed in the human enterocyte compared to ECaC1, and for the first time demonstrate that 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D treatment can cause a rapid and marked increase in CaT1 mRNA expression in the enterocyte.
In a country boasting one of the world’s biggest paper industries, you’ll find here one last town, St-Joseph-de-la-Rive, where you can buy handmade paper, perfect for writing home with distinction.
found that use of computerized physician order entry as compared to paper ordering resulted in 12.
SHM designed the cage, conceived of the study, evaluated the guidelines and commented on the paper.
Of course, we know that (b) is unrealistic since some people withdrew because of lack of response and some because of side effects, but the paper did not provide the exact numbers.
Even in his last days in the hospital, he took a liking to a Ukrainian-born doctor and used to refer to him as "Suvorov," after the Russian general written of glowingly in War and Peace-- which still sits on the table next to his reading chair, with his notes on little pieces of paper in it.
Clear enough, but then the paper goes on to "illustrate" that idea with the following passage from the joint statement, which is anything but: ".[A] drop in oil prices could lead to a reduction in the investments needed to secure international supplies, which would destabilize the world economy in the medium term."
Although fresh flowers are often placed at grave sites, paper and plastic flowers are more common.
Now there's a move afoot in Congress to end the program, which the paper reports, might well mean a lot of female subcontractors will go bankrupt.
The paper says Clinton, "his face contorted in anger, raged at the crowd to get back."
The stockpile plan was developed, says the paper, without consulting drug industry leaders about feasibility, and by a group including two men standing to gain financially from the set-up.
But now the Times has a Boston edition, with the Boston weather and television schedule, and the "Tab," a "community" paper with special town editions, such as Cambridge, tells me what is playing at the local movie houses.
Paper art.
The paper explains after these quotes that "Clinton has never been well liked in Congress."
The paper reports that Senate Republican leaders recently organized anti-Clinton strategy briefings.
The NYT lead doesn't mention poor people (although the paper's editorial on the subject does).
This paper will be restricted to dealing with this aspect.
Second, it very cleverly reformats the pages to look good and save paper when printed out.
(It would have been nice if the paper had said what law.
A push for shorter stories--also said to be in the works--may well vanquish the elegant, comprehensive (OK, long-winded) pieces for which the paper is famous.
This too, the paper adds, was a cause of upset, with developing nation delegates pointing out that the U.S. has been generally laggard in endorsing other international labor codes.
Transfer paper 10.
The paper reports that the focus of the investigation is whether Microsoft is trying to prevent personal computer manufacturers from shipping new machines loaded with the Windows operating system from also being factory loaded with any non-MS Internet browser.
When you’ve finished shopping, ask for The Paper House, a chalet and its contents entirely constructed from 100,000 newspapers.
According to the Moscow paper, some Russian banks experienced a "liquidity crisis," some restricted U.S. dollar withdrawals, and the Central Bank "stepped in with emergency credits ...
The paper requires readers to register with a screen-name, but doesn't require real names.
The paper also mentions Arnold Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver being cut off in traffic by videographers, but that just gets at the redundancy of the law: reckless driving is already against the law, as is trespassing on somebody's doorstep.
For serious reviewers, the author would be happy to supply the paper in electronic form and would supply the Lotus files.
The Mirror called the paper treacherous and hypocritical, while the Sun said: "The Sun begs everyone to refuse to pay out for the book.
Rips was sufficiently enraged by Statistical Science 's acceptance of the rebuttal paper that he retained a lawyer, who advised the journal that "the accusations in the article about to be published ...
The core of their critique focuses on the manner in which the rabbis were named in the Witztum-Rips-Rosenberg paper.
The working assumption at many companies, the paper says, is "if you don't have children, you don't have a life and are available to stay late and take the business trips from hell."
Rejecting calls for an official British ban on French food imports, the paper nevertheless urged consumers to buy British.
The paper suggests that both Clinton's secretary Betty Currie and White House steward Bayani Nelvis have entered into such agreements with BC.
Border Patrol agents were still using manual typewriters; inspectors at ports of entry were using a paper watchlist; the asylum and other benefits systems did not effectively deter fraudulent applicants.
The planned bombing campaign by the Real IRA, as the renegades call themselves, is considered by the police to be "a serious threat," the paper said, and is designed to coincide with any millennium bug computer problems.
The paper used to smell in the same way that books from Eastern Europe still do today.
Throughout this paper, I assume that the average user cost for shifting mail is equal to the original discount (under which they chose not to workshare) plus ½ of the increase in the discount.
The root problem, says the paper, is the absence of U.S. intelligence personnel on the ground in Sudan and the government's resultant reliance on foreign agents, at least one of whom turned out to fabricate his information, which had been the basis for more than 100 CIA reports.
The initial increase in circulating norepinephrineis thought to maintain cardiac function through inotropic mechanisms.However, a direct cardiac myocyte toxicity from norepinephrine iswell recognized [ 6 7 ] . Furthermore, pressure-overloadand stretch associated release of angiotensin II has been shownto induce myocyte apoptosis [ 8 9 10 ] .In an elegant paper by Telger et al.
This paper describes isolation, purification, and sequence determination of this toxin.
According to the paper, the government wants Lockheed to divest all of Northrop's defense electronics programs, which may be a deal-breaker, since acquiring them was one of the merger's prime motivations.
According to the paper, the situation was clouded by the conflicting remarks of other senior Japanese banking officials.
In the nation's capital, the sound you hear is of paper being shuffled.
The paper says that although Yeltsin is "largely incapacitated," he would get involved in loan talks with the IMF if he thought it necessary.
USAT was the only paper to lead with the collapse of the Yamaichi brokerage yesterday, but today all the papers give front-page play to its aftermath: a 4.5% plummet in the Tokyo stock market.
" 'News Roundelay' reminds me of a game some friends and I invented in college, which we called "Rock, Paper, Anything".
Impressed by Bradlee's remark that he'd "give his left one" to edit the Post , she imposes him on the paper over the objections of the paper's then-editors.
The paper says the recent criticisms represent a "downturn" in Clinton's standing with the military.
For the DA database obtained from the paper by Seeman [ 12 ] and others, agonists are listed as "active", while antagonists are entered as "inactive".
The paper clearly has a Jones Jones, also reporting that she emerged from Saturday's deposition "clearly elated," dining out, drinking champagne and laughing, and putting a second Paula piece on the front, about how the public is taking the whole thing.
A front-page LAT story reports that Hillary Clinton told "associates" (one of whom was, according to the paper, almost surely Sidney Blumenthal) that her husband assured her last January that he was not having an affair with Monica Lewinsky, but was merely "ministering to a troubled young person."
Sure, the Washington Post is a good enough paper, and we like its local reporting, but its foreign coverage doesn't compare to the Times , the Op-Ed page tends to counteract the effects of my morning coffee (with the exception of the divinely cranky Michael Kelly on Wednesdays--long may he rant), and the editors often seem clueless about how to put together an attractive and readable paper.
Omar argued against the indiscriminate killing of Americans, given that Americans included Muslims, others who sympathized with Islam, and still others who were "peaceable people," the paper said.
His chances of winning the next presidential election, if he decides to run, are "very high," the paper said.
The paper defended the "fast-buck entrepreneurs" as "the people who carry within them the potential to bring about real changes for the better after this catastrophe."
R. Nelson; Conceived the study, wrote the paper, reviewed relevant literature.
The paper reports that Thompson's players now achieve only a 59 percent graduation rate compared to an overall rate for freshmen at the school of about 90 percent.
"Indonesia, disastrously, was allowed to provide the only security in the territory after the vote," the paper's editorial said.
USA Today goes with the latest in a string of encouraging crime stories: the paper's own survey of 1998 homicide statistics shows that the total number of murders in America's ten largest cities is down 12 percent compared to 1997.
Which is particularly odd given the frequency with which Times readers are left seriously confused about many of the paper's more significant alleged redemptions and original sins.
"If Clinton wants to avoid a nuclear catastrophe for the world and the dustbin of history for himself, he has no other choice," the paper said.
Some quality control problems noted at the WP : 1) A story about trials of an experimental anti-autism drug is slugged by the paper "Treatment Counters Autism" even though the story goes on to explain that the drug worked no better in the studies than placebos given to the control group; 2) an AP story the paper runs about a credit card scam targeting senior military officers fails to mention that the Wall Street Journal broke the news yesterday; 3) over a heart-wrenching story about a 9-year-old boy who concealed the accidental death of his mother for a month, leaving her body in their home because he was afraid of being sent to an orphanage, the Post goes with the bad taste headline of the year, century, and millennium: "MOTHER DIED, BUT BOY, 9, KEPT MUM."
Methodology transfer paper 3. Washington, D.C.: June 1982.
The paper adds though that there is strong support for censure among Democratic senators, and that about a dozen Republican senators have also shown interest.
As for the nine-part series on Clinton, Rosenthal says it is the long-standing practice of the paper to do a lengthy series on the incumbent's record.
The same paper reported that 80 British SAS commandos had been sent deep into Kosovo to target the Serb Special Police and army units for NATO aircraft, find and mark massacre sites, locate the hideouts of death squad leaders, and find secret Serb weapons arsenals.
The family admits now that this was a diversion which, says the paper, has in turn spurred some talk that perhaps her death was an assisted suicide.
We discuss the possible significance of this later in this paper.
Lott has, according to the LAT , urged citizens to call their senators and express their views, a remarkable statement, says the paper, in light of the public's overwhelming opposition to impeachment.
In the Post 's main Albert piece, the accuser is never mentioned by name, a practice the paper explains thus: "The Washington Post does not identify victims of alleged sexual attacks."
These tests convinced me that while paper towels can't perform miracles, even the lowliest example of the species can soak up liquid and dry your hands.
The paper indicates that Bradley received mild electrical shocks to treat his arrhythmia on three occasions prior to 1998.
The NYT runs a Reuters dispatch saying that China is implementing new vetting procedures designed to prevent Chinese Web sites from containing state secrets--which in China, the paper explains, means virtually any information not specifically approved for publication.
The next section discusses general guidelines for the paper.
) As a result, says the paper, the task force didn't even interview senior officials for eight months, and the information that may eventually result in the appointment of an independent counsel came not from the task force but from a "newspaper account."
The paper says it will probably be "Tech Coast."
What makes "sanitary wiping paper" (to use the wonderful cadences of marketing-speak) stretchy and absorbent is a process called "creping": A metal blade removes the paper as it dries from the steel cylinder on which it was formed, lowering the paper's density.
At a presort volume of 40 billion pieces, the postal service's cost curve goes through the current operating point discussed in the previous part of this paper.
Permeabilized cell assays were performed in flow chambers as previously described [ 22 ] . Swiss3T3 cells were flowed into the chamber, the chamber inverted, and cells allowed to spread for 30-45 minutes in a humidified environment at 37°C, 5% CO 2 . The assay was performed by adding 50 ul of the warmed sample solution to the chamber while wicking with Whatman paper.
In this paper a new, simpler, approach is used to estimate the value of this smoothing parameter, again based on the assumption that the intestinal absorption rate can be approximated by a gamma distribution (see Methods for details).
They sent their paper to Statistical Science , where it was peer reviewed.
Actually, the paper says "alleged" phone sex conversations.
We'll combine those two issues for e-mail subscribers in a special Slate on Paper , which will be e-mailed Dec. 31.
But this anti-Internet alarmism is a heavy-handed attempt to distract attention from the really dangerous medium: paper.
The paper mentions a case in which a robbery victim remembered the getaway car sported a tag with mountains on it, which would have ordinarily have been a great tip--except that 14 states now have plates like that.
According to the paper, the opportunity presents itself because the Khmer Rouge, which has Pol Pot under house arrest, is in complete disarray.
"England expects every shopper to do their duty," the paper proclaimed Wednesday on its front page--evoking Adm.
The two datasets share some overlap, with 35% (316/914) of the previously analyzed ESTs finding matches in 16% (261/1,625) of the NemaGene clusters analyzed in this paper, many with strong homology (< 1e-40).
A NYT editorial and an op-ed by the paper's Bob Herbert call for Mark McGwire to stop taking androstenedione, for the sake of the kids who watch his every move.
The Indian and Pakistani nuclear weapons are, the paper observes, probably, like the U.S. and Soviet programs of the 50s and 60s, quite unsafe--vulnerable to both physical mishaps and command and control mistakes.
"Either way, the status quo is intolerable," the paper said in an editorial.
The boxes and the collages are monuments to abstract affairs with flesh-and-blood women whom Cornell's psychology required him to flatten into paper effigies so that his imagination could go to work.
Transfer paper 10.
But Gore surprised the paper's staff of working-class scribblers by staying there for five years.
The paper does not pronounce a verdict on the book (appropriate, since presumably it has had the book for less than 24 hours), but it does note Morris' general bewilderment with his subject.
This paper describes the factors that have limited the provision of alcohol intervention and counseling in emergency departments and provides an agenda to foster their implementation.
This paper explores the reasons that underlie differences in delivery costs among geographic areas.
According to the paper, it's looking more and more likely that there is life on other planets.
The Joint Staff prepared a decision paper for deployment of the Special Operations aircraft.
formerly methodology transfer paper 6. Developing and Using Questionnaires.
The paper, noting that Musharraf didn't talk about martial law or of any new constitutional arrangements in his address to the nation, cited reports that the United States has been in direct contact with the Pakistani military urging it to desist from doing anything unconstitutional.
Middle Eastern analysts and Al Hayat 's editor wondered why terrorists would target a paper that has been so hospitable to the views of terrorists.
He also penned columns about his relationship with Kennedy for Newsweek and the New York Times , and was quoted everywhere else ink touches paper.
The numbers vary a bit from paper to paper, but ballpark, the two received a total of $60,000.
The goal, apparently, is to be the kind of lawyer paid to be advertised in the front of the paper.
In some cases, these functional associations can help us understand the dependencies between gene clusters in biological processes, such as the murG and lpxD clusters described in this paper.
Tomorrow, the paper will print the results of media writer David Shaw's investigation into the matter.
The paper points out that, of course, this time there isn't nearly the amount of international support for military action.
Otherwise, explains the paper, the DOD may have to cut training or spare parts to afford them.
But the paper doesn't claim to know how things turn out.
The fold change model presented in this paper considers both the absolute expression level and fold change of every gene across the entire range of observed absolute expressions.
The paper explains that although members must pay the companies the cost of a first class ticket for such flights, their actual cost can be tens of thousands of dollars more.
After washing, the filter was placed on moist filter paper, sealed in plastic wrap and exposed to a phosphor imaging screen for 1-2 days.
The town also specializes in bookbinding and beautiful stationery and paper products.
"[S]o extravagant is the American concept of 'freedom,' and so deep-rooted is the pollution of firearms of all kinds throughout the country, that there is little prospect that even this latest monstrosity will provoke a meaningful shift in public attitudes," the paper said.
In India, the Hindu said that "the Democrats have held their own in a remarkable fashion," while Japan's biggest-selling paper, Asahi Shimbun, reported that "the outcome of the US mid-term elections conveyed a clear message from the voters: politicians should pay more attention to the livelihood of the people."
In this paper we report the results from the application of both RAPD as well as DAMD PCR profiling, for the determination of differences amongst nine varieties of mulberry.
or even bathroom stationary instead of toilet paper . They believe it sounds English so the rest of America believes it too.
We look forward to receiving comments from the readers of this paper.
Additional data files showing MA plots and signal distributions from all the HIV, glnA, tnrAarrays for the different normalizations are available with the online version of this paper and at [ 17].
Claims about readership tend to be even more dubious in the online world than they are in the world of traditional paper magazines.
The Israeli paper Ha'aretz says if the United States had struck against Iraq, it would have spelled disaster for President Clinton's visit to the Gaza Strip next month.
The WP puts the story on page A6, but is the only paper to offer this grabber of a stat: 1 out of every 100 people on Earth (of reproductive age) is HIV positive.
BH carried out the scanning EM studies, many of the in vivo observations, the phenotypic analysis of adult and pupal aristae and helped with writing the paper.
(And "Today's Paper's" can't answer those questions because, as of filing time, this column doesn't have access to the end of the story.)
This is the place to buy souvenirs of all the imitation food you’ve seen in restaurant windows, together with Japanese-style plates, bowls, glasses, sake sets, lacquerware, giant paper lanterns, and a million other things you never expected to see for sale.
But in a separate story the paper also notes that a recent study shows that surviving a plane crash can profoundly improve one's mental health.
One week after the paper published an inaccurate lead story, which left the false impression that $1 billion in international aid to Bosnia was stolen, the Times editorializes on why foreign aid is an unpopular cause.
The paper quotes an OTS official saying, "We consider it reasonable considering what OTS employees have gone through in those 10 years," but never bothers to tell the reader what those hardships were.
The Times relies on the interpretation of three American investigators for this, who spoke to the paper under a guarantee of anonymity.
"Dining In," "Fine Arts," etc., help advertisers more than readers, and make the paper unwieldy to read.
"It is significant that the United States, one of the largest producers of mines, has shown--if belatedly--a willingness to join a comprehensive framework for eliminating land mines," said the paper, wondering why such a major policy shift should have been "made public in such an unusual form."
But there was still no paper proving the results to the scientific community.
Paul David, an economic historian who wrote a famous paper about how the QWERTYUIOP typewriter keyboard evolved and, you guessed it, Brian Arthur.
Aspiring graduate students can already opt to take the Graduate Record Examination on computer, and the paper GRE will be eliminated in 1999.
The paper notes that sperm donors typically get less than $100, but also describes in some detail how much less fun egg donors have.
In a front-page story published a couple of weeks ago, the paper noted that Americans are drinking microbrews instead of Bud and that you can now get a cappuccino in Alpena, Ark.
"Some physicists," the paper reports, "have suggested that we might one day unroll such a dimension [and] travel along it."
And, reports the Journal , the paper is changing the shape of Chinese media.
The paper explains that although grand jury testimony must be kept secret, Congress is not covered by that restriction.
Whereas little girls and babies appear on toilet paper wrappers, paper towel packages depict beefy, brawny guys, indicating their toughness.
Short of bringing your own dinner in a paper bag (only acceptable for Carol Channing and people with severe food restrictions), Prudie suggests you incorporate the following two ploys: Do not finish everything you are served, and push the unconsumed portion around on your plate.
Surmising that British Prime Minister Tony Blair is reluctant to pressure President Clinton to step up the U.S. commitment, the paper concluded that "if Blair wants to be a successful war leader, like Churchill and Thatcher, he must learn to be as ruthless."
It has been explored in books such as Richard D. Kahlenberg's Broken Contract and John Jay Osborn's The Paper Chase and One L , a first-year-law-student memoir by future novelist Scott Turow.
"We hope to be able to practise all five of our exercises," one of the organizers told the paper.
"There is a general disposal of surplus military equipment, old trucks, tanks, armoured personnel carriers and bulldozers, which the impoverished Russian military no longer needs or can maintain," the paper said.
Yitzhak Shichor, a Hebrew University expert on Israel-China relations, told the paper that the Chinese statement was probably a result of pressure from the Clinton administration.
The site, which will officially launch next month, is a nonpartisan "political action destination," one of a growing number of sites betting that average voters would rather rattle off an e-mail to an elected official than sign a petition, call, or actually put pen to paper.
Just about everything in the paper today makes you wonder about the piece inside the WP about British politics headlined, "Tories Turning to GOP for Tips."
("Regular" is the paper's word; better would have been "able-bodied."
These days, some might have the resources to pay that much for such a book, but I daresay there are not many, and at that price one would expect a cloth binding rather than the hard paper binding provided.
Paper 2 required double-blind trials of at least 4 weeks duration.
This paper represents the first phase of a larger study to evaluate the effect of distributing free home glucose monitors to diabetes patients at this New England HMO.
After the conversion, the paper documents would be destroyed and the electronic records would become the official records of the agency.
Transfer paper 10.
OPM's recently released white paper on federal pay provides a good foundation for the results-oriented pay reform discussion that must now take place.
This paper measures the returns to scale of the U.S. delivery function.
As a formal matter, Standard A mail in the United States is broken into two subclasses, one called Regular Standard A and the other called Enhanced Carrier Route Standard A. This paper will have some implications for this distinction, but will not focus specifically on it.
Most papers give anecdotal descriptions, often by vendors, but lack client perceptions of the information system's value [ 1 2 7 11 12 13 14 ] . Even at the hospital level, only a few client perceptions of IT adoption have been reported [ 15 16 17 18 19 ] . The number of available papers that examine IT selections within physician practices is even smaller than those papers addressing hospital selections [ 3 20 ] . However, many physicians are transitioning from paper to electronic formats for billing records, medical charts, etc.
In Eckler's paper on Single-Letter Surnames we learn that all letters exist as a surname (and are overwhelmingly likely to be held by people of Oriental ancestry, p. 264), and only Q is missing.
A paper!
For the price--$800 million--that the Washington Redskins brought over the weekend, you could, notes the paper, buy a space shuttle flight, or Avis or Rolls-Royce.
In debt and with a couple of kids to support, juggling jobs as a cemetery custodian and a paper boy, Borchardt oscillates between a tendency to "drink and dream" and a drive to "create and compete."
Over the weekend, "Titanic" director James "King of the World" Cameron began exercising the perks of his new office by writing a piece in the LAT in which he tried to fire the paper's lead film critic, author of two scathing reviews of the iceberg epic.
For example, he suggested that the breaking down of the traditional editorial/business wall and appointing of business managers was going to result in new growth to the paper in terms of additional advertising volume, possible circulation growth, and increased profitability.
To answer these questions, we have taken yet another approach in this paper by targeting profilin.
Dismissing the possibility of inferior talent, the paper decides it has something to do with the national character: "Is there some cancerous part of the English psyche which produces serial chokers.
The paper also observes (as does the LAT ) that the IMF may serve as a powerful brake on Indonesian misbehavior, in that it has promised, but not yet delivered, tens of billions in emergency financial support.
Clinton has already, the paper says, signed on to congressional campaign fund-raising events in nine cities.
The 28 polymorphisms that will be studied are referenced in an attached document: Design Paper.Reference list for polymorphisms.doc.
"The most urgent strategic task for the United States in Europe is first to contain Europe and prevent it from becoming powerful enough to threaten U.S. hegemony in the world," the paper said.
These numbers come from a recent paper packed with evidence that homeownership and unemployment generally move in tandem.
The manufacture of paper and glass was another Moorish innovation.
Growth with twisting is the predominant cause of motions that take place during macrofiber morphogenesis and the production of the two-dimensional patterns of larger structures described in this paper.
This is double the percentage, says the paper, of five years ago.
The paper hints that Bin Laden's arrest might have prevented the bombings, but the deal dissolved after the attacks and U.S. retaliation.
It is estimated, says the paper, that there are more than 300,000 underage children working illegally in the U.S., more than half on commercial farms.
Calling for political reform and free elections, the paper said: "Standing still is not an option.
The criteria in paper 1 addressed the subject and control treatments.
Today's NYT opinion page is defaced by another of the paper's patented unfunny celebrity tryout pieces--this time by miniature actor Rick Moranis.
If a publication is built around writers with strong, individual views and identities, and people read the paper because of those writers, it gives the writers and editors a lot of power; and I think it has suited Leonard Stern's business agenda (I'm not suggesting it's a conscious conspiracy) for the Voice to stop being a writer's paper.
The paper reports that as of last night, fewer than 900 pilots were on the AA sick list, down from more than 2,100 on Saturday morning.
The paper by Penelope Scambly Schott, Rosamond: Poison and Contamination gives a neat example of historical confusion based on the fate of another individual with the same name.
On the whole, the national press has a sneering stereotypical view of the state, which you'd think was overrun with oil-slicked bumpkins, tyrannical high-school football coaches, mechanical-bull-riding smoothies, and the odd computer geek, but no one sneers with more relish than the Times . Maybe it dates back to the trouble Molly Ivins had as the paper's Denver bureau chief.
The paper puts the news about the dropped stock market measure in the seventh paragraph, and explains Republican opposition to that plan more succinctly than the other papers, citing "fear that this could eventually lead to government control of corporations."
In the same paper, Emuna Elon wrote that Israel could not trust Labor Party leader Ehud Barak: "Israel wants change, but Israel cannot settle for a non-leader like Barak, a man who until two months ago was said, even by his supporters, to be 'not taking off' until he was suddenly reinforced by a battalion of expensive American advisers who taught him to recite some slogans convincingly."
To view most OSHA rulemaking materials in the official record, even if they were submitted electronically, interested individuals must go to the docket office in OSHA headquarters and examine the paper files.
Just a reminder: A weekly edition of Slate is now available on paper, delivered through the U.S. mail, by subscription only, for $70 a year.
But, notes the paper, doing so would have spared Ocalan the death penalty he now faces, and hence might have produced far less domestic upheaval.
During Lent there may be lilies and pastel paper chains.
Although George W. Bush was out of the state during all this and so technically not in on the decision, the paper reports that a Bush spokeswoman confirms he agreed with it.
During the war, the U.S. government had issued its first paper money, or "greenbacks" (previously, only private banks had issued paper notes), and one-third to one-half of all paper currency in circulation was believed to be "queer."
The paper cautions that similar agreements between pro- and anti-independence forces have dissolved in the past.
Choice, Chance, and Wealth Dispersion at Retirement," Working Paper No.
The paper says business's "knockout"legislative feat was a triumph over the trial lawyers: passage of a law limiting Y2K lawsuits.
The 73 helicopters the U.S. donated to Mexican drug forces have been plagued with mechanical problems, the paper says, and angry Mexican generals have sharply cut back on the number of troops they will commit to the program.
Very enthusiastically, says the paper, in a story running under a brutal headline: "CONGRESS LEAVES BUSINESS LOBBIES ALMOST ALL SMILES."
John Simpson, diplomatic editor of the BBC, wrote for the paper from the Yugoslav capital that the clearest example of this development had been in the town of Kragujevac, where workers at a car factory had been ordered to end a sit-in protest against the airstrikes because the factory was about to be targeted.
Harvested eggs were hatched over 4 days on top of a moist filter paper barrier (3 Crown Shopmaster heavy-duty wipes).
We can summarize this paper in the answers to three questions: What are case studies?
The Taliban "actively orchestrated" his disappearance, the paper said, and sent him with 10 armed guards to an abandoned mountain guerrilla base.
But, the paper reports, only one actual flight trial of the entire system is planned before the administration must decide whether or not to place it in operation.
He criticized the editorial page of the Tribune , where he wrote a regular column, for failing to take a pro-American position, even though the paper was anti-Communist.
None of the authors have held any stocks or shares in an organization that may in any way gain or lose financially from the publication of this paper.
In this paper we described the antitumour effects of a hybrid protein, consisting of the Amino Terminal Fragment linked to Bovine Pancreatic Trypsin Inhibitor (ATF-BPTI), delivered by gene therapy with adenoviral vector.
All of the plots shown in this paper are copied directly from the standard PKQuest output.
* The views expressed in this paper are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent the opinions of La Poste or the Postal Rate Commission
The first objective of this paper is to compare over time CABS or PCI use separately for the VA, NHDS, and NIS; for example, within the VA from 1991 through 1999 were there discernible trends in the use of CABS?
The paper said the IRA has invited Gen.
But it is equally probable that few people who read the daily paper, even those who read the financial pages, have a model of the international financial system in mind.
The liquid paper is to fix the signs of protesters, while the diapers and Kevlar are just precautionary."
Inactivation of the sagA/pel locus by insertion of a Tn 917 transposon into the promoter region leads to decreased expression of SLS, SpeB, SK as well as M and M-related proteins [ 4 ] and reduced virulence in a mouse model of infection using Cytodex beads [ 3 ] . In this paper we have shown that this mutation also leads to decreased or delayed virulence in a mouse air-sac model of infection.
(This is a follow-up to a ferocious inside story the paper ran yesterday, in which Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott got a full year of pent-up disgust at Clinton off his chest.)
The paper said in an editorial that China is facing more than enough crises already, from the economy to relations with Taiwan, and it should focus on these problems rather than "launch a massive crackdown against a group which has never done anything more harmful than organise peaceful protests."
"He had just finished interviewing witnesses who saw an attack on soccer-playing children, and he wondered if it was the same one," the paper said.
What makes "sanitary wiping paper" (to use the wonderful cadences of marketing-speak) stretchy and absorbent is a process called "creping": A metal blade removes the paper as it dries from the steel cylinder on which it was formed, lowering the paper's density.
Columbia has been described previously [ 46 ] . Seeds/seedlings to be used in fatty acid assays were grown on sterilized 3 MW Gel Blot Paper (Midwest Scientific, Valley Park, MO, USA) placed on Petri plates containing solid Arabidopsis minimal media [ 60 ] , supplemented with the indicated additives.
Of course, neither Dell nor Gates actually saw any of these hundreds of millions of dollars, since their gains were reaped entirely on paper in the form of sharp increases in the stock prices of both Dell and Microsoft.
Perot and his Concord Coalition allies, the New Englanders Paul Tsongas and Warren Rudman, were as horrified by the federal deficit as the Mugwumps had been appalled by the support of Bryanite populists for bimetallism and as the Liberal Republicans, a generation earlier in the Gilded Age, had been frightened by paper money.
The authors contributed equally to this paper.
The paper called from Belgrade continually for a week before Lewis finally allowed it to talk to her daughter.
Students appreciate gift certificates from art supply stores, lumberyards, paper firms, etc.
The Paris evening paper France-Soir , on the other hand, said Dumas should have resigned properly instead of taking an "illegal" temporary leave, which logically nullified all future decisions by the Constitutional Council, "the essential guarantor of the good functioning of our democracy."
If the republican and loyalist leaders haven't reached agreement by midnight Wednesday, "[t]he sky stays where it is," the paper said.
The paper also quotes a person who has read Clinton's deposition as saying that when asked by Jones' lawyers if he had given Lewinsky any gifts, the president replied that perhaps, but only ordinary White House souvenirs.
London's evening paper, the Evening Standard, was outraged by the photographs of Annan shaking hands with Hussein.
Traditionally, finance organizations have used voluminous paper reports, based primarily on the prior month's activity, to communicate financial information.
Question: Do such worries have anything to do with the fact that although both stories mention the recently outed white male Stephen Glass, neither mentions black female Janet Cooke, the WP fabricator who cost her paper a Pulitzer?
According to the paper, this is commensurate with congressional thinking, which has little room for reprising the Gulf War.
And, says the paper, at a couple of points, he reacted to something that was said in a "frustrated outburst."
The Paris evening paper France-Soir reflected widespread outrage at the verdict with a front-page headline saying the dead had been "mocked."
Give the paper credit for noting one job where the problem was hardly an intern's getting too much attention.
He tells the paper he never saw it, and that he repeatedly received assurances that there was no hazard of this sort.
There's a different, but no less intense, pleasure to be derived from these miracles worked up from the meager materials of paper and chalk.
In this paper, we will focus on the important design issues underlying a meta-analysis: formulating the study question, identification of research studies, collecting and evaluating information about these studies, and extracting results.
Both papers mention that Net technology has served as a brake on inflation, but the LAT is clearer about why--the paper relates that Hewlett-Packard has saved more than $200 million annually by linking employees on an internal network and will shave 70 percent off its paper costs via making personnel policies and payroll forms available online.
I'm glad.Now don't forget the paper that's due Friday."
"Certain outside powers" that do not want to see a strong Yemen are using Yemeni tribes and extremist groups in the country to sabotage its modernization drive, the paper said.
"If the police force does not rush to investigate suspicions against a former prime minister, it will not have the moral justification to act against ordinary criminals," the paper said Friday.
This could be significant, explains the paper, because Lewinsky also insists that at that meeting, Jordan told her to make sure notes she'd drafted to President Clinton were not found.
This appears at least in part related to the limited sampling of 8 time points per beat in the current paper, and may also relate to motion artifact associated with the positive inotropes.
The paper says such a development points the way to a multitiered medical system where the quality of medical care might depend even more than it does today on a patient's wealth.
The paper also says that the idea of a resolution censuring Clinton is gaining congressional momentum.
2, this paper has already stated that the ancestral sequence at the node representing the divergence of these two Anopheles genes is the true ortholog of Dm Kv3.
The paper declared, "A smile costs nothing, but it brightens up the moment for the one who flashes it, and the one who watches.
There have been at least 15 illegal shipments of oxygen canisters, says the paper, since the ValuJet disaster.
Among the grim numbers, says the paper: By the end of the year, the cumulative toll from the disease will be 16.
The paper is alone in pointing out another source of pressure: the Oslo accords, which govern the entire Palestinian/Israeli peace process, require a final settlement of Palestine's borders by May 4th.
The rebuttal authors note still other problems in the original paper.
On the question of how much the leaving shift volume might grow, there is another effect that needs to be mentioned, although it is not dealt with further in this paper.
NO analyzed the structural properties of the molegos, and prepared figures 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. TI prepared mutants of human APE1 protein to test the conclusions of this paper, and he provided background and list of mutations affecting APE function.
The WP reports that a business editor at the Idaho Statesman in Boise has quit over his paper's practice of submitting stories about Micron Technology, a major local employer, to the company for review before publishing them.
"Its first job would be to restore civility to this nation," the paper said.
Others say the film has the "earnest simplicity of a freshman philosophy paper" (Jack Mathews, the Los Angeles Times ) and "ends in the cheesiest of plot twists" (Rita Kempley, the Washington Post ). (Stills and clips are available here.)
That NYT piece that caught Bill Clinton speaking off the cuff about sanctions also includes his confession that late at night he often gets a call from Chelsea asking him about some item from the next day's paper that she's read on the Internet, but that he knows nothing about.
My only tutor was one of those paper napkins on which are printed some hundred brightly colored pictures of objects and things in common use, such as bread, cheese, house, sea, sun, chair, etc., with the Welsh name above and the English underneath.
The paper also said that Beijing has been asserting its sovereignty claim by "thanking foreign donors for offering help to 'our country's Taiwan area.
The angles varied widely from paper to paper.
Following DNA spotting and neutralization, the membranes were washed by placing on filter paper saturated in 2X SSC for 2 min, removed from filter paper, UV cross-linked and stored at 4°C.
Randy's Reasons To Read the Paper Wrap-Up
Ever wonder where, in a tickerless financial world, all that paper for ticker tape parades come from?
In the current paper, introduction of complementary feeding terminated exclusive breastfeeding, and is therefore regarded as "death".
But the paper was forced to print a correction: Masur is not leaving New York.
The paper cites new data showing that the 1997 rejection rate for blacks is 53 percent, compared with 26 percent for whites.
A peer remarks that in their economics section, Gore "looked scared, and overmatched," but the paper reports him as "blessedly free of any such fears."
Impressed by Bradlee's remark that he'd "give his left one" to edit the Post , she imposes him on the paper over the objections of the paper's then-editors.
Bobby Brown, the Israeli prime minister's adviser on Diaspora affairs, will release the names during the State Department's Holocaust era restitution conference starting in Washington Sunday, the paper said, adding that the list will include the Vatican, the Czech Republic, the KGB, and Britain's MI-5 espionage service.
But the paper goes on to note that the study was sponsored by Redux's manufacturer and does not in any case address the consequences of long-term use.
One university official is quoted by the LAT as seeing in the shift the message that California's secondary schools must improve, while the paper has Prop.
This methodology transfer paper on case study evaluations describes how GAO evaluators could use case study methods in performing our work.
But Martin McGuinness, one of Sinn Fein's top leaders, told the paper he believes there is no way the new power-sharing government in Northern Ireland would let peace collapse over the arms question.
There are, says the paper, nine such problematic dates this year.
An example highlighted by the paper is the bill currently advancing in the Florida legislature that would make it a crime punishable by up to five years in jail and a $5,000 fine for any local government official or employee to file suit against gunmakers--consequences rarely suffered, it should be noted, by those convicted of illegal gun possession or discharge.
A number of elite schools in the New York area, the paper reports, have declared peanut-free cafeterias.
Prior to yesterday, the paper explains, this rider was required because independent sellers could not be forced to charge the price in question.
But if Schumer is a Clinton on paper, he certainly isn't in the flesh.
Worse, says the paper, is predicted in the months ahead.
Complete this expression of amazement from Dr. Francis Collins of the National Institutes of Health, "I don't often pick up a scientific paper and find myself getting chills, as I did when I saw _______________."
A detailed comparison and cross-referencing of this overlapping set of data with the output of our independent database mining and genomic cloning effort allowed us to verify the hOR selection reported in this paper.
Even though the run-up to the fast-track vote probably should be the lead today, the story fits a recent LAT trend that's worth noting: on Sundays, the paper has a weakness for leads straight out of the president's Saturday radio address, no matter how un-gripping the topic.
The eggs remained on their original filter paper throughout, which, while still moist, was transferred to a fresh sterile petri dish.
The thin line being tightroped by the U.N. explains the paper, is to assert its sole administrative authority without turning the KLA into an opponent.
The company, says the paper, prefers to sweep its dirt under the rug to protect its dominant share of the testing business instead of spending the money to tighten security.
A PRELIMINARY VERSION OF THIS PAPER WAS PRESENTED AT WISSENSCHAFTLICHES INSTITUT FÜR KOMMUNIKATIONSDIENSTE (WIK) GMHH, 3RD KÖNIGSWINTER SEMINAR, COST OF UNIVERSAL SERVICE, NOVEMBER 1995.
It also would have been interesting if the paper had mentioned whether the study's author, psychologist Elisabeth Harvey, has any children.
The paper said it is clear that one of the organization's greatest challenges is to convince the public of the advantages of freer trade but that the conference could not have come at a worse time: "Washington lacked leadership in painting a future for the WTO, and its conference was void of passion and vision."
The NYT lead on the fast track fizzle calls it the most severe legislative setback for Clinton since his national health care plan died, and the paper reports that many on Capitol Hill are saying that it marks the beginning of Clinton's lame-duck status.
In its main front-page story, the paper quoted Tang as saying, "If I were a journalist writing an article on the issue, the headline for my article would be 'Trouble maker Lee Teng-hui.
The paper says that Republicans quickly derided the plan as a big government strategy that unfairly preempts across-the-board tax cuts.

Now, if you wanted to advertise your house for sale in the LAT , you'd have to pay a hundred bucks or so for a tiny little buried ad, but if you're say (as in last Sunday's paper), Pam Grier, why then at absolutely no cost to you the paper leads the section with ten paragraphs about your house, including mention of the neighborhood, the asking price and the names of the realtors to contact.
The paper reports that the congressional investigation is trying to determine if the board was missing because the Chinese "took" it.
He was an impresario and a brand name, hiring talented assistants (several of whom went on to become major photographers in their own right) to shoot, color, and otherwise alter first daguerreotypes, and then--Brady was always up on the latest technical innovations--stereographs, ambrotypes, Imperial salted paper prints, and other photographic exotica.
Both the Times of India and the Pakistani paper Dawn reported a thaw in relations between their two countries.
From the earliest days Egyptians recorded their activities on papyrus paper, helping us to piece together the pivotal moments in the great days of the Ancient Egyptian Empire.
Although various treadmill-running protocols have shown increases in the aerobic capacity of the rat diaphragm [ 32 34 35 36 37 ] , running has generally not been demonstrated to cause consistent changes in the relative expression of MHC isoforms [ 29 38 ] . Although one paper has shown a decrease in type IIb fibers and an increase in type I fibers [ 38 ] , and another has shown only a significant decrease in type IIb fibers [ 39 ] , a third paper reported a surprising increase in type IIb fibers [ 40 ] .
The paper's main editorial Friday was not about the impeachment process but about a new revelation that Britain's D-Day commander and military hero, Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery, had referred 50 years ago to the African as "a complete savage" whose only hope would be a British colonial "master plan" to carve out giant West, Central, and East African federations and unlock their vast wealth for Britain's benefit.
CEO Larry Ellison lost more than $2 billion on paper.
"Had Monty won, Britain would have imposed an indefensible, and unsustainable, version of apartheid," the paper said.
The headlines must all come from a single edition of a single paper.
Since it was issued, the paper says, U.S. officials have actually denied funding to at least three Russian projects because their proposed recipients were on the list.
The big news is that the paper now has unnamed CIA and State Dept. honchos saying the government may have made a mistake.
Table 5.1 summarizes common pitfalls that we have mentioned throughout this paper.
"As hundreds of corpses lay in their body bags," the paper reports, "the ice grew soft and watery, and a thick pungent mist rose from it."
The paper says both sides were "ecstatic."
The results presented in this paper now suggest that there is potential in carrying out experiments to further delineate the molecular interactions between proHB-EGF and LTBP-3 and between proHB-EGF and fibulin-1C.
Author 1 conceived the study and participated in writing the paper
The paper notes that any negotiations might be complicated by prior U.S. complaints about the Taliban's harsh treatment of women and its involvement in drug trafficking, but goes on to note that the timing may be right, since Afghanistan's rulers are desperate for international recognition and aid.
Paper identification began with a Medline search in each study and all authors cited review articles as a source of other references.
In a 1985 memo, Neuharth threatened to transfer out of the country any editors who sloppily allowed "America" or "Americans" into the paper when they meant citizens and residents of the United States.
Since, Congress will probably keep total military spending flat, the paper notes that not closing bases is equivalent to passing cuts on readiness, weapons procurement and research.
Or worse, some sort of illegitimate attempt by the paper to revise its history of coverage on the subject?
The paper says the subpoena is "particularly broad" and signals "an escalation in the battle between the White House and the independent counsel."
Medicaid," Working Paper No.
The fifty-five economists participating in the paper's latest semiannual forecasting survey named the Asian crisis as the major threat facing the U.S. economy and hold that it will hit here during the next six to nine months in the form of slower production and reduced employment.
Since he left almost no paper trail--few letters, no drawings, no artistic manifestoes--the same stories gleaned from friends and dealers have been recycled over the years.
Op-Ed: The page in a newspaper where opinion pieces not written by the paper's editorial board appear.
Because paper is a dangerous medium, all too prone to misuse by pedophiles, political extremists, paranoid conspiracy mongers, and purveyors of bad casserole recipes.
You have to be a career paleohack like me, getting paid for putting ink on paper, to appreciate how much of the cost of legally acquiring bits of information goes into the ink and paper and allied anachronisms, like shipping, warehousing, and displaying the inky paper.
CEO Larry Ellison lost more than $2 billion on paper.
This is also played above the fold at the LAT, which leads with the paper's own study revealing that despite being the most populous state, California stands 31st in per capita share of federal education spending.
Part 2 of the first section opens with a reprint of Allen Walker Read's onomastic history of the Rocky Mountains, which is followed by a very lengthy paper on No Names in the United States.
No matter how this discussion shakes out, the Torah codes paper seems fundamentally unlike any previous attempt to use science to prove a metaphysical point.
Also, the paper says, Sudanese officials claim that the U.S. ignored their message that they had suspects in the case in custody.
The Republicans "know they risk nuclear proliferation if they scuttle it" but will do so because they "want to deny President Bill Clinton his top foreign policy goal," the paper said.
We look to Congress for a Paper Decency Act, to close the giant loophole left open when last year's Communications Decency Act was limited to electronic media.
Witness Sunday's NYT piece on Kauai by the paper's Los Angeles bureau chief Todd S. Purdum, who tore himself away for a week in order to break the bulletin that "the exoticism of the island state is palpable and omnipresent."
The purpose of this paper is to provide comprehensive cost estimates for several common complications of diabetes in a manner that can be useful to interested parties.
The paper reports that government officials are concerned that health insurance companies are circumventing the law by discouraging sales to certain individuals, charging very high premiums or penalizing insurance agents who sell policies to those with preexisting conditions.
A summary of the models is presented in this paper.
The paper points out that the privilege issue presents Starr with a Hobson's choice: fight the notion and divert significant resources to a long court battle, or don't fight it and forgo some key witnesses.
We hesitate, frankly, to offer a paper edition of Slate.
We will make use of this property repeatedly throughout this paper.
The third part of the paper takes a broader view and considers welfare, efficiency, and fairness issues, consistent with the model in part two of the overall worksharing program for First-Class Mail.
Urine-absorbing disposable diapers, mistake-eradicating liquid paper, bullet-stopping Kevlar--what's the connection?
During the war, the U.S. government had issued its first paper money, or "greenbacks" (previously, only private banks had issued paper notes), and one-third to one-half of all paper currency in circulation was believed to be "queer."
"The emergence of the photograph will come as a body blow to Mr Coles, who was near tears when told that his former wife had contradicted his denials," the paper said.
The paper says the government's move could extend well beyond Time Warner, and mentions another company that might get cross-haired: Microsoft.
But the paper also says strategists in both parties say any Republican advantage stemming from the scandal has been eroding recently.
Transfer paper 10.
A majority of papers, both conservative and liberal, have now come out in favor of it, with one important exception: Rupert Murdoch's tabloid Sun , Britain's largest-circulation paper.
JRD extracted data, contributed to the protocol writing, extracted and analyzed data, contributed to the drafts and approved the final version of the paper.
All three papers assert that Bush made the get-tough speech to answer critics of his foreign policy abilities, but each paper draws different conclusions about the speech's effectiveness.
The paper also expressed concern about the presence of al Qaeda operatives in the United States.
But the paper goes on to admit that it's unclear how many of the criminals affected are like the Ethiopian woman and how many are more serious felons.
The missive notes that the paper recently characterized Hillary Clinton's recent move into her new house "as a seemingly typical move on a seemingly typical day, except for the 10 TV cameras ..."
The top non-local story at the Los Angeles Times (which fronts Pinochet) is the Supreme Court's ruling Tuesday saying the nation's state workers, including teachers, do not enjoy the federal government's protection against age discrimination, yet another example, says the paper, of the court's recent championing of states' rights.
Nor does McChesney acknowledge that as USA Today has become a better paper, it has become more viable as a business.
The story is that House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt--never, as the paper notes, close to Bill Clinton--yesterday repeated his criticism of Clinton's behavior in the Monica Lewinsky matter and is quoted saying that if Clinton were to leave office, "we'll get through this."
The paper doesn't say whether the lawyer meant Tripp tricked ML into misstatements or physically edited the tape to be misleading.
Pakistan's possible imminent test of a nuclear bomb leads at USA Today, and the Washington Post, and is also the subject of a Wall Street Journal piece tipped high in the paper's front-page news box.
This paper presents the first measures of total health inequality of a population.
But a small item in the WP 's TV column makes you wonder even about that: It seems that UPN has ordered up a full season of episodes for the virtually all-black "Moesha," which as of last Sunday, the paper reports, ranked 124th among the 139 series on the air.
The paper says the oil companies have probably decided the U.S.-backed route is too expensive to build now.
The paper found that Murdoch had personally intervened to get the book stopped, because he feared that its anti-Chinese slant might threaten his TV interests in China.
The Paper Chase
The paper says Pentagon officials suspect the Iraqi secret police may be keeping the bodies of executed political prisoners in cold storage, to be blown up and distributed wherever American bombs drop.
Although Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Mousa stated that the Lockerbie dispute was the main topic in weeklong talks in Cairo between Qaddafi and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak, the Libyan leader claimed that Egypt had no role in current efforts to reach a settlement, the paper said.
The paper is struck by how far Gates' behavior is from "the usual cautious demeanor of business leaders visiting Washington," and finds him "roaring with indignation and disdain for those who question his business practices."
The paper also quoted Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue as saying that Falun Gong had been banned because it had not been registered in the manner required by law.
While this is not direct evidence that the model is correct, subsequent molecular modeling of the data presented in this paper may provide further support for our hypothesis.
If he is to beat Bill Bradley for the Democratic nomination, "he must emerge as something more than the President's favoured successor," the paper said.
This paper gives a basic summary statistic of the comparison between different chip generations, as well as information on the extent to which this is possible.
The paper calls the interview "fairly benign," and notes that at one point Clinton credited Rudy Giuliani with having "done a lot of stuff as mayor."
The paper includes this interesting detail, which drives home the unusual course the Broaddrick story took getting to the WSJ op-ed page: Alan Murray, the Journal 's Washington bureau chief, says he first found out about his paper's article by reading about it on Matt Drudge's web site.
In fact, the purpose of this paper is to attempt to distinguish features within the overlap by defining the roles of A-pocket residues and assigning them to half-sites.
No one, says the paper, in government or industry knows how many people take part in medical trials or how many people are injured or killed in them.
If they would publish their paper in an international journal, it could happen that their results never reach the majority of medical professionals in their home country for the same reasons like the language barrier and also scarce library resources.
Intellectuals, who had been harried by the Qin, were encouraged in their creative endeavors; with the invention of paper, the influence of their writings spread.
The White House, the paper reports, has warned Saddam Hussein that time is running out for him to avoid "firm action."
Looming large in the paper's survey are the reactions of California's senators, both Democrats.
In this paper we have addressed the procedures for performing a meta-analysis, focusing primarily on the steps before data analysis.
In an editorial Monday, the paper opines, "Revenge is a dish that shouldn't be eaten at all; certainly not by a state.
"Poison cloud engulfs Belgrade," said the paper's main front-page headline over a warning of "an ecological disaster."
It was shown numerically in [ 8 ] that spontaneous oscillations appear at the nominal parameter values found in Table 1. Note that because there are typographical errors in the original paper, the values being used here for the nominal parameters were obtained directly from the authors of [ 8 ] .
The paper said the rebellious gesture will cause new tensions between the prince and the government of Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Consider, too, that the quality of the paper, printing, and binding of such dictionaries is far superior to that of most other books available, creating a cost per copy of about $5.
The paper says the U.S. did, however, did win recognition from 10 allies ranging from Russia to Saudi Arabia that Hussein is behaving illegally and that he must provide inspectors with unfettered, unconditional access to all sites.
Third, we reviewed the complete paper and applied the inclusion/exclusion criteria to studies included at step two.
Some paper should find out: Is this really be an inflexible policy, or is it blatant message-sending by Kenneth Starr?
What you get, every Friday afternoon, is a file, nicely formatted and ready to be printed out on 8½ x 11 paper.
And now the century is coming to an end with the Russian army leveling Grozny, as the paper reports this morning.
The controversy that led to a fistfight at the Miss Nicaragua pageant--"right in front of Miss Congeniality's father," as one scandalized local paper put it.
This paper next estimates the value of scale in delivery exhibited by 21 national postal systems based on data from an unpublished paper which was presented at the 1994 Stockholm conference on Postal and Delivery Services.
The paranoid explanation is that the paper's growing dependence on movie ads compels her, in some oblique and unconscious way, to be an industry booster.
A guy with a bottle-shaped brown paper bag, damp and wrinkled at its upper end, has almost certainly been slugging down a sweet wine of high proof, and the odds are pretty good you would find it is a muscadoodle . After the guy finishes his Napa Valley smoke and has slept it off, he is looking for the means to get another muscat fix.
On paper!
Today's Papers is thrilled to note that the paper runs the preceding information about margin of error and sample size in the first few paragraphs.
Writing in the Weekly Standard , Stuart Reid, an editor of the Daily Telegraph , a conservative British paper, says that Adams' political reinterpretation of his past "is so transparent as to make you turn away in watery-eyed embarrassment."
Ransom notes use paper as well.
An actual paper edition of "Slate on Paper" can be mailed to you (call 800-555-4995), but that costs money and can take a few days to arrive.
What made her famous is that she did all these things in one lifetime, like a paper doll that comes with different costumes for different vocations (the girl about town, the war correspondent, the ambassador); that she did them all and was beautiful; that she did them all in a perfumed cloud of scandal and glamour, trailed by many lovers and by gossip that she herself stoked with her acerbic tongue and her thirst for celebrity.
Starr ethics consultant Sam Dash, for instance, gets a meta-Socratic $400 an hour, putting together, says the paper, many five-hour $2,000 weeks.
"I am quickly sliding downhill," he confided to an acquaintance at the time, "rolling I know not where, wrapped up in lots of bad pastels as if in so much packing paper."
3 This paper sets up a framework to examine the following question: Do the economies of scale in the delivery function exceed the technical inefficiencies and economic rents of the Postal Service?
(The paper also noted that the Kosovo mobilization will leave the Chechen war in the hands of "untrained drafted soldiers with broken weapons."
Oh, yes,) paper, we're pleased to announce, through a special arrangement with Hewlett-Packard, a nifty--and free--new bit of software from HP called Instant Delivery.
As described previously in this paper and elsewhere [ 38 ] , the biology of fission yeast facilitates the identification of MII segregation defects that are difficult to detect in other organisms that terminate meiotic progression or produce inviable meiotic products as a consequence of defects in meiotic chromosome dynamics.
Often, says the paper, the Jews were forced to work for little or no pay, and even forced to pay special taxes to defray the expenses of their confinement.
In 1993, when the Tony-winning Jelly's Last Jam announced that it had failed to recoup investors' money, the paper editorialized, "The Great White Way is ailing."

Only now are the stories leaking out, the paper said.
We also learn via the paper's "Work Week" that the new CEO of Sunbeam has been so busy this summer that "I signed up for race-car driving, and I canceled that; I was supposed to play a lot of golf, and I haven't picked up a golf club all summer."
"One message coming loud and clear out of the recent flurry of diplomatic activity over a peacekeeping force for East Timor is that, as far as the United States is concerned, Australia is on its own in dealing with such regional problems," the paper said in an editorial.
The Aug. 17 earthquake "sent tremors rippling through Turkey's political and social world, triggering a backlash against the traditional Turkish faith in an all-powerful state," reported Toronto's Globe and Mail . Although it is unlikely that the current government will be brought down by the crisis, the paper says it could lead to "the grassroots development of Turkey's fragile democracy.
Economic and econometric theory underlying analysis available in technical paper by same title that can be downloaded from http://www-leland.stanford.edu/~wolak
The paper explains that since the FDA's 1997 decision to permit prescription drug TV commercials, average prescription costs have climbed at more than double the general inflation rate.
Bradley was never particularly kind to financial interests as a senator, the paper notes.
Starting an online magazine is like starting a traditional paper magazine by asking: "OK, you chop down the trees.
The paper even identifies the man by name.
Working Paper No.
The paper notes that some reject the suggestion that pregnancy is a disability, while others wonder why parents with children should receive a special benefit the elderly do not.
Taken together, these two types of studies are largely consistent with the main conclusions of the present paper, that synergistic interactions do not generally dominate the fitness function and compensatory mutations are common.
The paper reports that city officials are bracing for a raft of legal claims likely to be brought against the city by suspects who've been arrested or questioned by the policemen implicated thus far.
Individual copies of SLATE on Paper will be available exclusively at Starbucks.
And don't forget, the paper points out, about Kansas, where the counties, not the state, issue the license plates, meaning that any given sequence of letters and numbers could be shared by 105 vehicles.
Paper presented at the Annual American Educational Research Association meeting, New York, March 1982.
The "justice minister" of the KLA told the paper, "This is a tragic turn of events.
Such agreements, says the paper, have allowed the president's defense team to learn what questions are being posed and what answers given during grand jury sessions.
The paper quotes a senior State Dept. official saying that if--as seems likely--Iraq chooses to end its cooperation with UN weapons inspectors, "it has literally chosen for sanctions in perpetuity."
, about $100 if I use Strathmore, a competing paper, which is only 25 percent cotton rag.
(The paper also oh-by-the-ways that Clinton acknowledged under oath for the first time that he did indeed have an affair with Gennifer Flowers.)
Yard shrines that gradually swell with multicolored paper or plastic flowers, plants, statues of saints, and rosaries are also religious art when lovingly tended by family members.
Pursuant to section 801(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), entitled "National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants for Source Category: Pulp and Paper Production; Effluent Limitations Guidelines, Pretreatment Standards, and New Source Performance Standards: Pulp, Paper, and Paperboard Category" (RIN: 2040-AB53).
USAT has a big photo-essay inside called "Battle of the Sexes Invades Boot Camp," in which the paper takes a comparative look at two South Carolina basic training installations--an Army base where recruits of both sexes train together and a Marine one where they are sexually segregated.
Of the 544 biggest U.S. corporations, the paper reports, 26 percent made no political contributions and didn't operate PACs during the 1995-1996 election cycle.
Species abbreviations used in this paper are as follows: AcNV, Autographa californica nucleopolyhedrosis virus; AgNV, Anticarsia gemmatalis nucleopolyhedrosis virus; AMV, Amsacta moorei entomopoxvirus; BPBK5T, Lactococcus phage BK5-T; BmNV, Bombyx mori nuclear polyhedrosis virus; BP933W, bacteriophage 933W; BPA118, bacteriophage A118; BPAPSE1, bacteriophage APSE1; BPbIL285, bacteriophage bIL285; BPbIL286, bacteriophage bIL286; BPbIL309, bacteriophage bIL309; BPD3, bacteriophage D3; BPφ80, bacteriophage φ80; BPHK620, bacteriophage HK620; BPHK97, bacteriophage HK97; BPLLH, bacteriophage LLH; BPMx8, bacteriophage Mx8; BPN15, bacteriophage N15; BPP1, bacteriophage P1; BPP22, bacteriophage P22; BPP4, bacteriophage P4; BPP27, bacteriophage P27; BPφPV, bacteriophage φPV; BPR1T, bacteriophage R1T; BPSpβC2, bacteriophage SpβC2; BPT5, bacteriophage T5; BPVT2-Sa, bacteriophage VT2; Cab, Clostridium acetobutylicum ; Cal, Candida albicans ; CIV, Chilo iridescent virus; CnBV, Culex nigripalpus baculovirus; CpGV, Cydia pomonella granulovirus; DpAV4, Diadromus pulchellus ascovirus; Ec, Escherichia coli ; EpNV, Epiphyas postvittana nucleopolyhedrovirus; EV, ectromelia virus; Eni, Emericella nidulans ; ESV, Ectocarpus siliculosus virus; FPV, fowlpox virus; HaEPV, Heliothis armigera entomopoxvirus; HaNV, Heliocoverpa armigera nucleopolyhedrovirus G4; HK97, bacteriophage HK97; HzNV, Helicoverpa zea single nucleocapsid nucleopolyhedrovirus; Kla, Kluyveromyces lactis ; LcBPA2, Lactobacillus casei bacteriophage A2; LdNV, Lymantria dispar nucleopolyhedrovirus; LsNV, Leucania separata nuclear polyhedrosis virus; MbNV, Mamestra brassicae nucleopolyhedrovirus; MSV, Melanoplus sanguinipes entomopoxvirus; Nc, Neurospora crassa ; Nm, Neisseria meningitidis ; OpNV, Orgyia pseudotsugata single capsid nuclear polyhedrosis virus; Pa, Pseudomonas aeruginosa ; PxGV, Plutella xylostella granulovirus; Sa,
The paper also emphasizes the dearth of non-official sources: a subhead reads "Troops Said to Advance" and the lead explains the battle is "billed as" definitive.
The paper also states that President Clinton, who "grew up with the comedy and singing team of 'Sonny and Cher'," credited Bono with an "astute perspective."
Today, some poor soul (two actually) at the Wall Street Journal has to write about Scottish Power's expected announcement that it has agreed to acquire PacifiCorp, yadda yadda, but elsewhere in the paper, another reporter lucks out.
The new approach for the volatile solutes that is developed in this paper is to assume that the tissue partition of these solutes is determined entirely by a) the oil/water partition coefficient and b) the fraction of lipid in the blood and each organ i (klip [i]).
In addition, for the two solutes investigated in this paper (D 2 O and ethanol) it is also assumed that the blood-tissue exchange is flow limited so that the unbound water concentration in the tissue is equal to that in the vein leaving the tissue.
"The Indonesian government, which has been entrusted with the task of maintaining peace and order, did virtually nothing as pro-Indonesia militias in East Timor launched a massive terror campaign against their own populace, killing pro-independence supporters, forcing hundreds of thousands to leave their homes, and destroying buildings and other property," the paper said.
When the paper contacted the unnamed woman said to have met Clinton in the basement, she responded that "there was no improper relationship."
The two terms stand for similar concepts and for purposes of this paper are used interchangeably.
The altars are wonderful artistic creations, a form of folk art, with local artists participating and involving children in the making of calaveras (skeletons), papel picado (cut tissue paper), paper flowers, and other decorations.
KM helped conceive of the study and led the drafting of this manuscript; JK supervised data collection, helped analyze the data and co-wrote the paper; SS helped analyze data, LK helped collect and analyze data; CM, AG and JB all conceived of the study, and helped in the write up of this paper.
Paper presented at Wissenschaftliches Institut für Kommunikationsdienste GmbH, 6th Köenigswinter Seminar on Postal Economics, Liberalization of Postal Markets.
The acquisition, says the paper, will shake both the cable and phone businesses, giving TCI new clout and phone expertise and allowing AT&T to offer local phone service over TCI's cable lines.
If you must use paper, please do so with extreme caution.
Despite the concrete sprawl of Japan’s postwar urban development, you can still find tranquillity in a brilliant-green, moss-covered temple garden or in the alcove of a traditional restaurant with its tatami-mat flooring, shielded from the other guests by shoji (paper screens) — remnants of a not-so-distant past.
The paper doesn't put too fine a point on what's at stake for the Russians: "The Mir station is the heart of Russia's manned space program.
"The unravelling of the billions of coded sequences in human DNA (the chemical base of all genes) is expected to revolutionise medicine, and pave the way to genetically based cures," the paper said.
But Russia hasn't explained how these differ from ones employed previously, and the paper doesn't seem to know either.
For example, in a list of more than 20 papers cited for XK, we choose only one paper, titled "The ced-8 gene controls the timing of programmed cell death in C. elegans".
"The US needs to be straight with China," the paper said.
It contained a whole chapter devoted to increasing returns, based largely on a paper Norman himself had written three years before.
Ha'aretz said pressure was mounting to delay Wednesday's vote on his appointment following the paper's disclosure that Lauder had provided financial support for right-wing organizations identified with Benjamin Netanyahu.
Nevertheless, if 2.3456 appears in a paper, there is a risk that it will be repeated out of context in all its implicit precision, without the +/-.
As with its reporting on the original Indian announcement of the tests last week, the Times captures the national pride they have inspired, a feeling the paper likens to the way we felt about our original astronauts.
This is because automated systems and records are fast replacing manual procedures and paper documents, which in many cases are no longer available as "backup" if automated systems should fail.
differed from those in the present paper: adrenalectomy failed to block the effects of fasting on hypothalamic AGRP and NPY, even though corticosterone implants were observed to induce AGRP mRNA.
"The latest developments vindicate earlier warnings that Khatami's opponents might resort to provoking acts of violence, followed by a harsh crackdown on free debate and freedom of expression," the paper said.
A number of less conservative statistical methods have also been developed, but it is beyond the scope of this paper to review them here.
The paper observes that nearly half of the questions posed by the press concerned his still-unexplained relationship with Monica Lewinsky, but that despite his January promise to illuminate it, Clinton didn't answer them.
As they worked on defining the goals and objectives of the upcoming campaign, they considered a paper that went beyond al Qaeda to propose the "elimination of terrorism as a threat to our way of life," an aim that would include pursuing other international terrorist organizations in the Middle East.
On my other example of a golden day, I was out for a walk in the sunshine, and a stranger on the street complimented me on an article of mine that had been published in the morning paper.
Actually, your sister's routine with the paper towels is merely one of taking precautions.
According to the paper the No.
But Gore declines to give the paper any of the details.
Senate investigators have discovered, says the paper, that only 30 percent of hospitals have formal Y2K plans, and that 90 percent of physicians are not addressing the issue in their own offices.
Board of Regents, the paper reports that the regents are "receptive" to the idea.
The paper was presented to the Commission in December 1998 and was revised in June 1999 to include the data from the Household Diary Study conducted in 1997.
(See PEMD's transfer paper entitled Using Statistical Sampling (U.S.
They now believe, says the paper, that the militiamen took pains to cover their tracks, in one case burning their victims' bodies and then dumping the ashes into crocodile-filled lakes, in another putting bodies in a boat and sinking it at sea.
In paper 2, the authors tested the effect of quality scores by comparing results in studies with scores above and below the median.
20 Recall that under the assumptions made in this paper, setting the discount at 6 cents is the ECP position, where 6 cents is the cost savings at the margin.
On paper, Annan isn't a promising candidate to reunite the United States and the United Nations.
The paper views this as auguring the FCC's approval of long-distance provision by the other Baby Bells as well.
According to the WP , China's main English language paper announced that Chinese military factories had $7 billion in export sales last year.
The LAT says that fewer people have been killed in 1997 in the City of Angels than in any single year since 1977, which, the paper reminds readers with head injuries, was when Jimmy Carter was president.
An article condemns the simplistic and snide cultural coverage in the New York Times , which is corrupted by commercialism and the paper's obsession with reporting news.

8) Smith "championed the downtrodden and elevated the voices of people who would never have gotten in this paper."
This controversy is in contrast, the paper reports, to the situation on the West Coast, where high-tech companies like Intel and Hewlett-Packard have pushed for public transportation improvements and measures to protect open space.
Twelve months to go and I'm already finding myself blowing past the political stories in the morning paper and heading for the pointless wire roundups at the back.
AM developed the research question, outlined the study protocol, formulated the survey instrument, completed the analyses, and wrote the majority of the paper.

In researching this piece, I turned my apartment into a paper torture facility as I compared the wiping power of 10 brands of paper towels, six lines of facial tissues, and 11 types of toilet paper.
, stamped paper mail) and accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope.
Educating employees and other users about current information security risks and helping to ensure consistent understanding and administration of policies through help-line telephone numbers, presentations to business units, and written information communicated electronically or through paper memos.
The paper quotes Clinton saying he doesn't blame the WHCA.
But the paper delays explaining the logic until the story's 15th paragraph: The Saudis are afraid that a mere air campaign will leave behind a Hussein vengeful towards Gulf neighbors that supported it.
A WP reader notes that in the paper's recent reprise of three 20-year-old stories about Skylab, none of the stories gave the same weight for the space craft.
Boas was puzzled by a Japanese paper that kept referring to stricken mass distributions.
The reporter, David Von Drehle, immediate past honcho of the paper's "Style" section (not, please note, its "Substance" section), marvels that senators could sit still and pay attention to all this.
When Alberta and Saskatchewan acceded to provincial status in 1905, and the country’s mining, lumber, paper, and pulp industries burgeoned, Laurier championed a new transcontinental railway that would take a more northerly route to serve them — the state-owned Canadian National Railway (C.N.R.)
Both papers mention that Net technology has served as a brake on inflation, but the LAT is clearer about why--the paper relates that Hewlett-Packard has saved more than $200 million annually by linking employees on an internal network and will shave 70 percent off its paper costs via making personnel policies and payroll forms available online.
Figure 1shows the comparison structure of experiments examined in this paper.
But still, the paper reminds, between 1992 and 1998, guns were used in more than 2,000 D.C. homicides.
Holed up in his squalid attic studio in Montmartre (models complained of the dust, but Degas believed that sweeping just moved the dust around), Degas narrowed his subject matter to a few recurrent motifs--women bathing, having their hair combed, and dancing--while at the same time experimenting with a remarkable range of techniques and media (photography, tracing paper, lurid color combinations).
or Today's Papers, and so on.
The paper quotes Carl Stern, then Reno's press spokesman, who was at the command center that day, as saying that he does not recall hearing it.
But, the paper says a 1996 outside study of the Red Cross found Dole's management style wanting and critics have noted her tendency to add political allies to her payroll, including Mari Masing Will, the communications director for her husband's 1996 campaign.
The paper says U-2 spy planes found five of them.
The way-afterward news came as a result of a Freedom of Information Act request filed by the El Paso Times , the paper in the town where the F-117 was based.
 staff members to rebel would be if they demanded to learn--and share with readers--comprehensive information about the paper's undisclosed sources of income and labor.
In La Repubblica of Rome, the paper's Washington correspondent, wrote: "The Japanese century ends with the return of Hiroshima ...
Maize seeds (FRB-73) were germinated for 3 days on trays on absorbent paper wetted with 0.1 mM CaSO 4 at 28°C in a humidified incubator.
In the '80s, Exxon's brass visited the Wall Street Journal 's top editors to complain about the paper's coverage.
According to the Times , the theory under which Clinton may now admit to sexual contact with Lewinsky is this: when he said in his Jones case deposition that he had never had sexual relations with Lewinsky, he was following the definition of sexual relations approved by the Jones trial judge--contact with any of a list of body parts (the paper quotes one Clinton advisor's assessment of the definition: "cockamamie")--but since the list of body parts doesn't include the mouth, it doesn't count oral sex as sexual relations.
Civil liberties groups, says the paper, vow to fight any reduction in a prisoner's right to file FOIA requests.
The paper's coverage has generally been clear in attributing the Wen Ho Lee-probably-did-it line to particular (named and unnamed) government sources.
In a report from Washington Wednesday, the paper said that next spring the Clinton administration will redouble efforts to get Congress to pass the Macau Policy Act, which will formalize American support for Macau's freedoms, culture, and autonomy.
Today, the paper's front reports that the hospital has apologized to the mother and has promised the state of California that it's instituting a policy of epidural anesthesia to women in labor on demand, regardless of their ability to pay.
By the late '50s, "Chanukah's accoutrements had grown to include paper decorations, greeting cards, napkins, wrapping paper, ribbons, chocolates, games and phonograph records."
In a country boasting one of the world’s biggest paper industries, you’ll find here one last town, St-Joseph-de-la-Rive, where you can buy handmade paper, perfect for writing home with distinction.
"This is how bloody slaughters have started in Russian history, leading in the end to two revolutions and the placing of Russia outside the civilized world for the entire 20 th century," the paper said.
The paper also illustrates Trent Lott's aggravation at the gambit, quoting his warning: "The president has lots of conferences, legislation, appropriations and fast-track [trade authority] that he wants to get through.
For example, in a paperbased system, an individual's signature on the paper document is a timetested method of showing that an individual intended to be bound by the terms and conditions in the paper document.
The study presented in this paper represents further investigation into the effect of cell density on gene expression.
A big LAT front-page piece reveals that Microsoft has been secretly planning a massive media campaign that, the paper says, was designed to influence state investigators contemplating further anti-trust action by "creating the appearance of a groundswell of public support" for the company.
"In essence, your story is correct," diGenova told the paper.
But the story itself never mentions the SAT performance of Asians, an omission that is stunning given Southern California's demographics and that lends false credibility to the stark picture the paper paints.
However, in this work the author is unable to convince this reader of the need for more such research, and I think the paper would have benefitted very much from an abridged presentation.
As described in this paper, MGBE were used as an in vitro model system of gallbladder epithelium to measure the endogenous production of cytokines and chemokines by extrahepatic biliary epithelial cells.
Increased computer interconnectivity and the popularity of the Internet are offering organizations of all types unprecedented opportunities to improve operations by reducing paper processing, cutting costs, and sharing information.
In other words, the paper exhibited the all-too-typical journalistic tic of exposing potential conflicts of interest involving politicians while ignoring those involving journalists.
Indeed, the paper reports that the judge "harshly chastised" the Secret Service for continuing to fight Kenneth Starr on this point.
An actual paper edition of "Slate on Paper" can be mailed to you (call 800-555-4995), but that costs money and can take a few days to arrive.
The paper has been equally enterprising during Coz's tenure as editor.
For example, in his paper titled "On the Size Distribution of Employment and Establishments," Jonathan Leonard finds that large firms are the main job generators.
Indeed, the caption on the paper's front-page illustrated reefer to the battle story inside reads "RUSSIANS ROLL IN."
The WP's media reporter Howard Kurtz reports there's grumbling in the newsroom of the Nashville Tennessean over the appearance in a Gore campaign video by the paper's editor, a close friend of Gore's.
The document, says the paper, took 11 years to prepare, and was greeted coolly by Jewish leaders.
Sources tell the paper the Clintons have approved a new vehicle that, it is hoped, will avoid the restrictions that kept the old trust from soliciting money for their use--by having it "independently" set up by some third party.
The training of Kopassus went ahead nevertheless at American taxpayers' expense "despite US awareness of its role in the genocide of about 200,000 people in the years after the invasion of East Timor in 1975," the paper said.
Although, according to local Albanians, the Serbs spent three days burning documents before the British arrived, the Guardian quoted an official of the Hague war crimes tribunal as saying that scraps of paper left behind might be useful in establishing a "paper chain" between President Slobodan Milosevic and the massacres carried out in Kosovo.
The paper's main complaint is that Milosevic faces no serious consequences for his unwillingness to compromise.
Every paper leads with President Clinton's four-minute maybe-a-culpa.
The paper reports that the vote count was looking so unfavorable that the president cut short his trip to the opening of the Bush presidential library in Texas--where he got a ringing endorsement for the bill from George Bush--so he could return to work the phones to lobby members of Congress.
Tests he had ordered showed there was no nerve gas on the site, the paper claimed.
The paper doesn't broach the findings about ethnic income disparities until the bottom of the piece.
The LAT and USAT fronts report on a speech given yesterday in Los Angeles by Ken Starr (the LAT piece was also based on an interview Starr gave to some of its senior editors afterwards at the paper's offices).
Anyone who's worth a billion on paper is worth sucking up to.
The paper quotes Thompson as saying, "They have no credibility as far as I'm concerned."
Saving Rate," Working Paper No.
Hatched larvae migrated through the paper and were collected in a water-filled petri dish below.
The only real departure from the reporting template comes with the WP's observation that high-tech lobbyists have been working feverishly for months to incorporate into the bill its R and D tax credit, a feature the paper calls a "particularly glittering prize."
T. W. conceived the study, participated in its design and coordination and the preparation of the Figures and texts of the paper.
The (adjustable) assumption of this paper is that the Postal Service's cost for doing the workshare work is 6¢ and that 100% of this 6¢ is passed through into rates.
This paper demonstrates the identity and presence of all three enzymes constituting the overflow pathway in a single organism.
Now comes the Library of America, with a handsome new edition (published on elegant paper with a lustrous black cover) of the writings of Washington himself, more than a thousand pages of letters and documents of every sort, which allows us to judge for ourselves.
And is it right for a paper to promote local interests that hard anyway?
The paper GRE and GMAT took five hours; nursing exams, two days.
But in fact I'm not bitter--the Voice was where I really developed as a writer and editor, and I'm grateful to it, on the whole--I'm just frustrated: I think the paper served a crucial function as a space for cultural reporting and analysis and culturally radical ideas that were censored elsewhere, and it isn't serving that function anymore, nor has any other publication come close to replacing it.
And an inside NYT piece addresses the question raised yesterday by TP about what the rules are nowadays governing identifying juveniles in the paper.
The paper was quoting Dr. Richard Ebstein, a molecular geneticist at Jerusalem's Herzog Memorial Hospital, who headed the team that discovered the gene.
He told the paper, "[I]f the election is full of intimidation and it is not fair and there is retribution after the election, then I think we will have to re-evaluate our assistance to Indonesia in a very negative way."
Within the framework of this paper, it could play a role as well.
The virtual equality of the average carrier time to serve urban and rural customers is a major finding of this paper.
Accidental shootings, says the paper, killed 185 children in 1994.
The paper leads with a morning-after on President Clinton's proposed budget.
Quoting Australian defense and diplomatic sources, the paper said Australia has received "detailed signals intelligence" about the Indonesian military's plans to cover its tracks before a proposed U.N. human rights investigation.
The paper quotes the gloss provided by Manpower's chairman: "There has never been a job market even close to this."
The paper's editorial Monday said it was difficult to imagine Clinton now having the authority George Bush had wielded when he persuaded a reluctant Congress in 1990 to drive Saddam Hussein out of Kuwait: "His presence in the White House is damaging not only to America, but to all those countries which share its values."
The News of the World , a paper that specializes in sleaze, had paid Archer's friend Ted Francis 14,000 pounds to reveal that he had given Archer a false alibi in 1987, when the Daily Star accused Archer of marital infidelity with a prostitute, Monica Couglan.
The LAT is the only paper with high-up mention of Yeltsin's latest sackings: Anatoly Chubias (Russia's envoy to international financial institutions) and deputy prime minister Boris Nemtsov.
Jordan's lawyer also told the paper there is no rift between his client and Bill Clinton.
There has got to be a way--using these and other Word features such as macros, templates, fields, styles, and so on to make a simple selective-printout menu that either could be built into each week's Slate on Paper file or could be offered as a downloadable tool.
(I particularly love the discreet four paragraphs buried on Page A-10 that the New York Times devoted to this topic in my edition of today's paper.)
Additional data files containing the following supplementary tables are available with the online version of this paper: Supplementary table 1, showing alignment positions of the most 5' ESTs of the 1,941 selected EST clusters, for Release 2and the realignment to Release 3; Supplementary table 2, listing the weight matrixes for the 10 motifs shown in Table 2; Supplementary table 3, listing the most frequent GO terms associated with each of the 10 motifs shown in Table 2; and Supplementary table 4with the raw data for the positional distribution of motif hits (Figure 1).
Your regular column "Summary Judgment" bears the subtitle "Reviewers reviewed" but, in fact, it does not resemble the "review of reviewers" that used to run in Spy as much as it resembles a "review revue" (a title previously used by the paper I work for, the Stranger , when we condensed reviews from The New Yorker , Rolling Stone , the Village Voice , and others into three-word blurbs to run in a table atop our film listings).
Drudge teases each by saying they come from a "paper," but when you click on the link, you learn they come from a supermarket tab Star and National Enquirer , respectively.
But as Stanford's Michael Spence pointed out in a classic, 20-year-old paper on this subject, profit-maximizing companies that know they face a learning curve will compete fiercely to move down it more rapidly, selling cheaply in the early stages of a product cycle (and therefore losing money) in the hope of making the money back later.
Benefit Transfer as Preference Calibration" Resources for the Future Discussion Paper 99-36.
In its main front-page story, the paper reported from London--where the prime minister stopped to meet with Tony Blair on his way home from Washington--that this was one of Clinton's conditions for brokering a peace deal between Pakistan and India over the disputed territory of Kashmir.
No wonder, says the paper, that the union tends to downplay the pension debate, saying instead that it's the company's heavy use of part-time workers that is really the core issue.
The paper stuffs the AFL-CIO convention and leads with the resignation of the head of a Virginia county government.
The move might be, says the paper, the largest overhaul of liability insurance since the advent of no-fault, meaning perhaps increases of 20 percent for the big vehicles and cuts of 10 percent for car owners.
The paper says Prime Minister Yevgeny Primakov, Russia's de facto leader with President Boris Yeltsin so often in the hospital, has made getting more loans from the IMF his primary economic objective rather than substantive economic reform.
Additional references used for specific complications are noted within the appropriate sections of this paper.
"Safe in their high-tech jets and distant command posts, NATO forces have so far escaped without a single casualty," the paper said.
Reno has, explains the paper, reviewed the issue ad issue at least three times before, but each time stopped after an initial 30-day review.
The paper plays right into all this lookism, describing one officer it quotes as "fit-looking" and the chief himself as "6 feet, 2 inches and.
In the present paper, we have reviewed the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center experience during the period of February 2, 1994 to December 28, 1995.
That would violate a cardinal principle of its policy which is characterized by transparency and avoidance of behind-the-scenes conspiracies and maneuvers," the Cairo evening paper al-Mesaa said.
"At eight that evening Mr. Clinton beckoned her into a private office and asked if he could kiss her," the paper went on.
Further detail regarding the implementationof cross-validation can be found in the Data Analysis section ofthe paper.
There is also the question of "the Third Sex," the paper went on.
Another AP item in the Post reports that at her weekly news conference, Janet Reno admitted she has become so confused over the computer system in her office that she has forsaken it for paper and pencil.
A Pentagon spokesman reached by the paper responds that academic examples of possible non-nerve-gas use are not examples of such actual commercial use.
I had a pen and a piece of paper ready to get Latrell for my son ("Better be careful not to get him angry, Dad"), but if he was there, I didn't see his first-name-sufficing self.
A front-page LAT story and one inside at the NYT cover a sociological finding coming out today in the journal Science . It's well known that people will under-report their questionable behavior when asked about it by an interviewer, but it has long been assumed that this problem was addressed by conducting surveys via paper and pencil questionnaires.
The paper notes that the deal would come at a time when Republicans in Congress are on the verge of releasing a report concluding China's military has profited over the years from stealing and buying U.S. equipment.
Can't the Post see that whereas the actual phrase used would go by virtually unnoticed, the paper's baroque translation only forces the reader to dwell on the matter?
After washing, the phospho-peptide was solubilized in 30 mM Tris pH 8.0, and aliquots were dried onto DE81 paper (1 × 1 cm).
In addition, states the paper, "Wealthier students from struggling Asian nations say their parents have pleaded with them to tighten their belts or even sell them, especially if they carry chic Coach or DKNY labels."
In this he was profoundly at odds with the United States, the paper said.
Work practices included throwing 0.6 liters (20 oz) paper containers full of contaminated n-methyl pyrrolidone into an open garbage container.
James, upset because the law doesn't authorize audible prayers, told its sponsor that it "ain't worth the damn paper it's written on" and "ain't going to require shit" until Congress passes a law to back it up.
Revealing little story in the WP business section by the paper's legal reporter, David Segal.
What happens to the piece of paper after that we neither know nor care--having voted and thus earned our right to feel smug all day.
The Shanghai Arts and Crafts Research Institute is housed in a wonderful old French mansion (79 Fenyanglu) and allows visitors to view artisans at work on embroidery, paper cutting, and other crafts.
The authorities are also waging war on drugs and sex, the paper said, and owners of "love houses" sometimes hire a mullah to sit at the entrance to pronounce every entering couple "man and wife" so as not to infringe Shariat law.
"The slumping economy, which forced many companies to cut jobs, was singled out as a prime reason for the shocking phenomenon," the paper said.
Turki al-Hamad, another commentator in the same paper, said that the Amman incident confounded those who believed that Saudi Arabia was just another pawn on Washington's chessboard and therefore had probably already established secret links with Israel.
If you've really made an effort to hash this out, your options are to: 1) grab pen and paper yourself; 2) seek couples' counseling; or 3) reconsider the importance to you of the written vs. the spoken word.
The paper notes that although the FCC's affirmative action hiring goals also target women, this decision does not address those, although experts say the decision will probably lead to eventual challenges of them as well.
And then the saleswoman lets it slip: Cartier's paper is actually Crane's 32 pound paper.
But the paper concluded that if the king casts more light on the matter (he has so far refused to comment), the long-term consequence might be no more than to make him seem more like an ordinary mortal.
Most often it is reasonable to specify that this will be the latest paper published, or the paper with the most complete data on the outcome measures of interest.
GMB, EFF, JEV, JMW, and MEM were instrumental in conceptualizing the research question and study design and in preparing the paper.
People often assume that books are more reliable than newspapers and magazines because they are printed on higher quality paper and bound between hard covers.
But, like practically every other Arab paper, it condemned U.S. plans to replace him.
As even the headlines suggest, there is some variance from paper to paper about what exactly is happening with the negotiations.
"What Mr. Murdoch told Vanity Fair is profoundly wrong," the paper said.

The Journal reports that United Airlines has been replacing its crystal salt and pepper shakers in first and business class with tubular paper sachets.
The venerable craft of exquisite handmade paper goods, stationery, and bookbinding is easy to find.
The paper had to report on the debate about where its leak had come from.
The first part of this paper describes the importance of understanding what people are doing to avoid being bitten, while the second presents findings, and discusses policy implications for malaria transmission control in urban areas.
Not only does de Hooch play with two ways--secular and sacred--of "educating virgins," but he deliberately desecrates, with bits of a smashed pipe and rolling paper, that immaculate expanse of floor.
Bradley said it would cost "between $50 billion and $65 billion a year" and would be funded either "from the surplus" or "through the enormous savings that we can get through the application of technology to the medical system," such as "moving things from paper to Internet."
PICS was developed by a cross-industry working group coordinated by the World Wide Web Consortium, and is described in the paper "PICS: Internet Access Controls Without Censorship," by Paul Resnick and James Miller.
The aim of this paper is to evaluate the ethnoveterinary remedies used by certain hunters in Trinidad.
The paper then goes on to relieve whatever anxieties are currently being suffered by libertarian fight fans: "The president, however, stopped short of suggesting federal intervention in boxing."
In our previous paper, we made adjustments to the model to allow for comparison with Poste Italiane.
Unfortunately, the paper did not give the number of dropouts according to their treatment groups.
Well, in case of what the paper notes Icelandair calls a "disruption of our service."
After choosing paper, you must pick a size.
The paper points out that Clinton is trying to address the former problem by ensuring that a $4.
German organizers of the event told the paper that Thatcher had repeatedly been invited to attend, but she had declined.
The paper added, "Mr.
The paper took it as a given that Bin Ladin would continue to act against the United States even while under Taliban control.
Paper 4 included all study types, but required that measures of association between age and T levels be included.
In our previous paper, Cohen, et al.
He has spent his life as an "international civil servant," a phrase that conjures an image of someone wasting millions of U.S. dollars pushing paper around the Third World (which is basically what he did).
At these intimate dinner theaters, decorated in Qing Dynasty fashion (carved wood trim, paper lanterns, and red columns), customers can enjoy local snacks or full Chinese meals at their tables while viewing a variety of acts on stage, including opera highlights, acrobatics, magic shows, ethnic dancing, puppetry, storytelling, and comedy.
In any event, the fact that the Dallas Morning News considered diGenova a legitimate source would suggest that the paper's reporter thought he wasn't just relating third-hand gossip, but had real information from Starr's office.
One U.S. official working on the international aid response is quoted by the paper saying, "You have areas where the mud is more than one story deep and the bodies will never be recovered.
Our previous paper [ 31 ] and other studies using the flanker task suggest that performance on this task follows a roughly normal distribution.
Augusto Pinochet (as the paper had done) while objecting to the imprisonment of an 87-year-old woman.
A NYT front-pager suggests that a byproduct of aggressive policing in New York City under Mayor Rudy Giuliani has been a rise in the number of what the paper calls "flawed arrests."
The case, says the paper, could result in the largest fine in EPA history.
The paper has a Bradley spokeswoman saying Gore's charge makes it obvious he lacks confidence in his own agenda.
Kristin M. Thompson conceived of, designed, and carried out most of the experiments described in this paper and analyzed the resultant data.
Later, says the paper, the Pentagon acknowledged that a brand-new type of video-guided missile may have missed its intended target and hit houses instead.
The House Republicans, the paper explains, will cast secret ballots for Speaker on November 18th, with the full House voting on the matter in January.
The paper's medical correspondent explained that "any serious burn to the feet, hands, face or genitalia is considered of great medical importance and is usually treated in hospital."
The paper finds that most Americans think impeachment by the House was adequate punishment of Clinton, that the Senate didn't need to call witnesses to reach a decision, and doesn't need to make public the videotaped testimony it decided to take anyway.
The paper says the false claims paid may total more than $1 billion.
In this paper we examine the hypothesis that the cost model provides reasonable estimates of the unit costs of other posts of industrialized countries.
GPEA requires agencies to comply with the guidance issued by OMB regarding automated systems that maintain electronic information as a substitute for paper and use of electronic signatures.
Is engraved paper really worth it?
From Duzce, Turkey, the paper reported, "Seismologists at the country's Kandilli observatory warned that a major fault system had been activated, and that it was only a question of when, not if, the metropolis would be leveled."
and the paper's flash that the White House's written response to the charges to be submitted today will "not break new ground."
The WP , which was much more aggressive from the git-go, simply raises the ante today, with not just a long front-page piece but also not one, but two additional Albert pieces elsewhere in the paper, one a ramble wondering if Albert can rebound professionally, the other a thumb-sucker about women who stand by their man when he's in trouble.
Building on our previously published work on the Canadian costs of major macrovascular complications of diabetes [ 12 ] , the aim of this paper is to provide key pieces of that complex economic puzzle.
A Primer on the Economics and Time Series Econometrics of Wealth Effects," Finance and Economics Discussion Series Paper No.
The piece itself is tame and perfunctory, but when you open the paper to Page A12 where it continues, your eye travels immediately to the continuation of another front-page story headlined "G.O.P.
Quantitative results throughout this paper will be stated as the mean ± standard deviation.
The paper points out that the highway program already includes the Boy Scouts, who exclude girls and gays, and the Knights of Columbus, who exclude non-Catholics.
"He dropped him a note suggesting a transatlantic swap," the paper said.
Despite his lack of electoral experience, the paper said Beatty had "several key qualifications": "He fosters instant name recognition.
Billy Tauzin saying, "You see he's lied to me personally on a very serious matter," referring, says the paper, to the energy tax in the 1993 budget deal.
Noting that North Korea hadn't agreed to refrain from missile-launching in the future, the paper said Wednesday in an editorial that Japan shouldn't lift economic sanctions against the country until it has.
When Rotcod was a student in junior high school, he wrote a history paper on the career of George W. Goethals, the U.S. engineer who masterminded the building of the Panama Canal.
A forecast due to be published next week by Dataquest, a market research company, suggests that Europe is beginning to close the "technology gap" with the United States, the paper said.
Domingos Pereira, a company commander of the notorious Aitarak militia, told the paper that they hoped to step up cross-border attacks on Australians in a month or two.
The paper clearly has a Jones Jones, also reporting that she emerged from Saturday's deposition "clearly elated," dining out, drinking champagne and laughing, and putting a second Paula piece on the front, about how the public is taking the whole thing.
Other devices ensure that USA Today 's editors keep the focus on the exact community the paper covered: the USA To Neuharth, that meant the USA, not "America."
If they really like a particular site, they may visit it often, but they are unlikely to devote a continuous half-hour or more to any one site the way you might read a traditional paper magazine in one sitting.
Bumf is defined in the New Shorter Oxford Dictionary as "toilet paper; worthless literature; (usually derog.
Later that year, the paper spread its legs for the theory that TWA Flight 800 was downed by foul play, based on the discovery of "PETN" residues in the wreckage.
Y. L. carried out most of the immunoprecipitation experiments to confirm the protein-protein interactions presented in the paper.
The final rule contains new effluent limitations guidelines and standards under the Clean Water Act for a portion of the pulp, paper, and paperboard industry, and national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants under the Clean Air Act as amended in 1990 for the pulp and paper production source category.
Under the headline "Clinton in Need," printed in small Gothic script, the German paper said in an editorial that the scandal had the makings of an American nightmare that could do as much damage as Watergate.
In fact, the central point of that paper, as I noted in the article, is that the criteria Prof.
In a separate TV appearance, says the paper, the acting deputy prime minister advocated making the U.S. dollar once again legal Russian tender.
While it is not necessary to delve deeply into Bayesian analysis to do the simple calculations proposed in this paper (or to generally revise our thinking about how certain most results are), a formal interpretation of the quantified uncertainty of a result is that it is a Bayesian posterior distribution based on a prior distribution (i.e.
In a recent paper by Glass et al.
Besides the very tight congressional races, the paper says at least five Senate races (New York, North Carolina, Kentucky, Nevada and Wisconsin) and ten gubernatorial contests (Maryland, Nevada, Hawaii, Georgia, South Carolina, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Iowa, Ohio and Rhode Island) could easily come out either way.
America is pragmatic and dedicated exclusively to the promotion of its own interests, the paper said, and it is time that Moscow realized this.
It works this way: You are given a piece of paper listing the candidates and propositions (a "ballot"), you indicate your choices using a device called (we believe) a "felt-tipped pen," then you deposit the piece of paper through a slot in a large container called a "ballot box."
And the paper reports that an American aircraft carrier canceled a port call so as to be able to stay within striking range of Iraq.
This is a "very crude comparison," the paper commented: The case of the Basque country, with its advanced political autonomy, has nothing in common with "an open war and 'ethnic cleansing' against 90 percent of a territory."
And if Congress fails to enact the tobacco deal thereby killing these programs, says the paper, Democrats come away with a potent political issue: the Republicans favored the tobacco industry over children and health.
There are several issues addressed for the first time in this paper relating apoptosis and myofibroblast formation in human dermal fibroblasts.
No, says the paper, citing previous reporting by the Indianapolis Star and Salon , just Rep.
The paper said he had thus put himself in opposition to about 70 percent of the bishops in Germany.
DNA-bound 3H-thymidine was immobilized on glass fiber filter paper (Packard, Meriden, CT) with the aid of an automated cell harvester (Tomtec, Orange, CT) and the tritium incorporation was determined by scintillation counting.
The campaign's goal, says the paper, is to remove the "nerd" stigma from the computer profession.
While never having had the inclination to transfer an entire bread basket to her handbag, Prudie has on occasion taken a particularly good tasting piece of bread for later--provided there is a paper napkin for wrapping.
However, the paper says, she wants more: access to Saudi air bases like the U.S. had in Desert Storm.
Reflecting mounting alarm in the Middle East about how Iraq might respond to a U.S. attack, the Israeli paper Ha'aretz reported Monday that 1.5 million Israelis don't have functioning gas masks.
All paper--facial tissues, writing paper, newsprint--is created equal.
Transfer paper 10.
The paper notes that one fund-raiser in this effort, Johnny Chung, now cooperating with federal officials, pleaded guilty yesterday and was sentenced to five years' probation.
There have been no previous attempts to use a PBPK to model multiple, simultaneously measured anesthetics such as is described in this paper.
Joseph Biden was ridden out of the 1988 presidential election for what the paper calls "burglary."
Our simulations in this paper test what degree of variation cause PD games to become rare.
The paper reports that the good news is due to many factors, including: the increasing prevalence of smoke alarms, major strides made in the treatment of burn patients, tougher building codes, tighter standards for fire resistant furnishings, migration of many hazardous jobs overseas, the growing percentage of meals that are eaten outside of the home, the increase in the use of microwaves and the decrease in smoking.
[ 25 ] Future studies need to be designed to determine if in-depth, and evidence-based educational information available via a web site is better at accommodating preoperative patient education than paper media or videos given out in the waiting room prior to the patient seeing a surgeon.
The purpose of this paper is to describe these two methods for correcting corpus uterine cancer incidence rates and probabilities.
The paper section of the book ends with this general category, which includes articles by Douglas P. Hinkle, Roger W. Wescott, Walter P. Bowman, Thomas L. Bernard, and E. Wallace McMullen.
Because we wished to clarify the debate about EBM, we have spent the bulk of this paper exploring the second-order conceptual questions concerning the nature of EBM.

… The exact nature of the malfunction at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory's Y-12 nuclear weapons plant was not disclosed because the computer controls a classified function," the paper said.
Though the paper reported two days ago that Clinton had vowed to exact retribution from House prosecutors at the ballot box, it does not pause to compare and contrast.
The LAT attributes the view to Rep James Sensenbrenner, chairman of the House Science Committee, that, in the paper's paraphrase, "NASA is now putting Foale's life at risk."
So, for the purposes of this paper, we will take the term "evidence-based medicine" to refer essentially to the practice of taking RCTs as the strongly preferred form of medical evidence.
According to the paper, there's hardly been one effective habit on display, much less seven.
The line-item law limits the veto to tax measures benefiting fewer than 100 individuals, and the paper notes, it shouldn't be hard to make sure special deals favor say, 101.
The judge's key finding is, says the paper, that Tripp's federal immunity didn't take effect until it was approved by a judge, five weeks after it was first promised to her by Ken Starr's office.
The Washington Post ignores Greenspan, but leads with a story no other paper runs on its front: Iran's likely military action against Afghanistan.
Part III of the paper will consider changes outside the neighborhood of the current operating point.
Using the data provided in the paper, a valve-specific analysis may be performed comparing incidence of aortic and mitral disease in those exposed for 4 months or longer versus all others.
Everybody looks down on lawyers who pay to advertise in the back of the paper.
. The polling's takeaway: Voters would prefer Democrats controlling Congress and a Republican in the White House (the survey's presidential tally is Bush over Gore 55 percent to 40 percent), a stance the paper summarizes as "Times are good, so throw the bums out."
Several readers complained about the length of last week's Slate on Paper . This is the document available by e-mail or download around midday each Friday, containing a week's worth of Slate goodies nicely formatted for printout on standard size paper.
The Paris paper mentioned Italy as one of the countries opposed to military action against Iraq, but Italy's leading newspaper, Corriere della Sera of Milan, said in an editorial that the Italian government's position was not yet clear.
There are only two works on paper in the show: an image of a geisha derived from a Japanese woodblock print on the cover of Paris Illustré of 1886, and van Gogh's virtuoso tracing of its outlines.
The paper said a first group of several dozens Maoris is expected in Israel soon "in order to renew their ties with the Jewish people.
While the local paper chases a story involving the Mayor, the FBI, and the waterfront, the Wall Street Journal finds in the same waterfront a tale of a city re-inventing itself through heroic redevelopment.
OK, I'll admit it, I almost never read the Los Angeles Times (I'll tell you sometime the whole reason--it has to do with finding out how the paper is edited), but there was a cute story in there today about the police arresting seven people for feeding the homeless in downtown's Pershing Square.
It has been known for years that Beijing has the ability to unleash nuclear weapons and that it regards this as integral to its policy on Taiwan, the paper said in an editorial.
In this paper, we developed a hierarchical model for analyzing the pattern of gene segregation at both population and family levels, which thus can provide estimates of genetic parameters in two successive generations of the population.
According to the paper, 47 percent of those surveyed say policies proposed by the GOP Congress would lead the country in the right direction, while 70 percent say President Clinton's policies would lead the country in the right direction.
According to the Moscow Times Wednesday, the paper Komsomolskaya Pravda , citing unidentified Kremlin sources, reported that Putin has already been told by President Boris Yeltsin that he must either resign or end the war and fire the army chief of staff.
There are other hotter background issues that the paper could have also mentioned: In light of last year's Kelly Flynn case, doesn't the Hale matter show male service members get a different sexual deal than females?

The paper then points out what it calls a great disparity in computer mastery between first-year students at elite private colleges (80.
The paper wished the French team "all the best" in its semifinal on Sunday.
The paper reports that Cohen kept his cool.
"You'd think," he tells the paper, "there are 100,000 Republicans out there who would want one."
In an influential 1995 paper, the social psychologists Roy Baumeister and Mark Leary reviewed all such studies and concluded that we have an instinctive "need to belong."
The paper notes a Bush spokeswoman's response: "We appreciate the President's advice.
But perhaps more telling, the paper also reports that the president's senior advisors expressed relief at the last-minute veer away from an air war.

The related documents (or neighbors) of a particular paper are listed according to their relevance to the paper.
Calling for an exhaustive inquiry, the paper said, "The future of the nation's nuclear energy program now rests in large measure on how the government responds."
Economic and risk analyses should accompany or be a part of the decision paper.
This contrasts, the paper explains, with previous Clinton administration reactions to the original story according to which any such use of intelligence equipment or agents was done with the full witting cooperation of the inspectors and produced information related to their inspection mission.
Once it's installed, whenever you have Slate on Paper on your screen you can call up a menu of articles with check boxes to pick the ones you want.
(The strike development does not make the Washington Post first-edition front, nor oddly, that of the paper with the most time to handle the late-breaking story, the Los Angeles Times .) The WP leads with the widening probe into the NYC police brutality case, which, the paper reports, produced the arrests of two more cops yesterday and which will now include a federal civil rights investigation.
The paper said the war "showed ominous signs of widening" with the Serb incursion into Albania Tuesday.
The Washington Post , for the second day in a row, gives the top of the paper to something else--today to the horrors of North Korea's famine--and tucks impeachment just underneath, but festooned by the front's boldest headline type.
All the figures shown in this paper are copied directly from the standard PKQuest output.
As for the length problem: We used to limit Slate on Paper to 44 pages.
Copyright protection is granted automatically to a work immediately upon its creation (which, in the case of a book, means the moment an author first puts his pen to the paper or fingers to the keyboard).
The paper quotes Gingrich's assessment of the Clinton administration as engaged in "the most systematic, deliberate obstruction of justice cover-up and effort to avoid the truth we have ever seen in American history, and the time has come to say to the president, 'Quit undermining the law in the United States.
But mindful of the old "rogue elephant" charge, senior CIA managers may have wanted something on paper to show that they were not acting on their own.
Moreover, I, for one, should like to know the source that pins down to California the expression so low he could sit on a cigarette paper and hand his feet over the edge: given no gloss, does this refer to low depressed, low degraded, or low abject?
In London, columnist Matt Ridley of the conservative Daily Telegraph departed from the paper's fiercely anti-Clinton line by saying that "compared with ancient emperors, modern American presidents--even a Kennedy or a Clinton--are models of monogamy."
The paper quotes the head of Amnesty International, who is from Senegal, as saying that "it seems to me that the international community, in terms of standards, is moving really ahead of the standards obtained in the United States today."
As cited in Edwin R. Dean and Michael J. Harper, "The BLS Productivity Measurement Program," revision of a paper presented at the Research in Income and Wealth Conference on New Direction in Productivity Analysis, March 20-21, 1998, Washington, D.C.: Bureau of Labor Statistics, July 5, 2000.
The episode, the paper observes, marks the third time in the past four years that New York City has experienced a terrorist threat with a real or apparent Middle East connection.
For more information on multifactor productivity, see "Productivity Measure: Business Sector and Major Subsectors," BLS Handbook of Methods, Bureau of Labor Statistics (April 1997), pp. 89-98; and Edwin R. Dean and Michael J. Harper, "The BLS Productivity Measurement Program," Bureau of Labor Statistics (July 5, 2000), paper presented to the NBER Conference on Research in Income and Wealth on New Directions in Productivity Analysis, March 20-21, 1998.
In each phase (see experimental protocol), when a steady state was obtained - defined as a leveling of the pulmonary arterial pressure - SAP, DAP, SPAP, DPAP, pulmonary capillary wedge pressure (PWP), right atrial pressure (RAP), V T , Paw and gas flow were recorded at a paper speed of 50 mm/s.
In any event, for those of you not following along at home, Chandler was a lion of American journalism who during his 20-year tenure remade the Times from a local paper to one of the four important newspapers every thinking human ought to read every day (quick: Name the other three!)
But, says the paper, the leap from mouse to man is a huge one.
Complaining that Australian consumers are being kept in the dark about which food products have GM content, the paper noted that the United States "regards labelling as an obstacle to free trade."
The paper said that Germans marked the event "in an almost gloomy mood, with many Berliners angry at the dominant role played by politicians in the commemoration of what was a popular uprising."
It's often interesting to wonder who brings the need for a correction to a paper's attention and why.
Al-Baath , the daily paper of Syria's ruling party, said Thursday that Syria wouldn't give up "a grain of its soil or a drop of its water" in its negotiations with Israel.
The New York Times leads with President Clinton's statement yesterday at the Moscow summit that he would support further U.S. aid if Russia presses on with economic reforms, a message the paper says he also made in private talks with Boris Yeltsin and prominent communist politicians.
The paper also notes that some human rights activists responded that there was ample reliable information, just not ample White House will.
Another leading Belgian paper, La Meuse , expressed regret that "the last symbol of a united Belgium is sinking into the bedclothes," but in general the press was less condemnatory of the king's adultery than of the intrusion into his private life.
The piece reports that in Texas, a committee of lawyers is trying to ban self-help legal software via a statute barring anyone--or anything, the paper wryly notes--from practicing law without a license.
The LAT admits it school-markets too, by handing out free papers on campuses, ostensibly to promote reading, but also to increase the paper's circulation.
One is never in danger of finding out about, say, the latest news from the Canadian prime minister in the Post . Similarly, one will never read about the latest exploits of Mr. Sean "Puffy" Combs and Miss Jennifer Lopez in the Times . Essay question: How would each paper cover it, should Mr. Sean "Puffy" Combs ever bitch-slap the Canadian prime minister?
It is designed to be "a center of initiation to nature" for children, the paper said.
But the Rome paper La Repubblica focused, in an editorial Thursday, on the power of Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan, whom it depicted as being, like Hillary Clinton, a second "surrogate president."
The point of this, the paper quotes a Republican senator explaining, would be to separate the question of what Clinton did from the question of whether what he did is impeachable.
On another note: A survey in the paper Wednesday revealed the principal cause of popular discontent in France is noise.
The WSJ reports that net income at companies in the Dow Jones Global stock index rose 3 percent in the 4th quarter, a sharp improvement over the third quarter, which the paper takes to signify that the American consumer's appetite continues apace.
Oddly, the paper doesn't remind the reader of a similar episode during the 1992 election when it was apparent George Bush had never before seen a supermarket check-out product scanner.
Balmer grabbed the paper that he had jotted notes for his speech on and abandoned his neck tie and formerly reliable vehicle.
So to review the bidding from yesterday's "paper of record": A single sentence with the wrong subject, the wrong source, and the wrong quote.
In the seminal paper [ 5 ] , Unger et al . analyzed hexamers and identified about 100 structural building blocks, in which, each amino acid has a position dependent probability of occurrence.
Note to the Irony Police: Linda never gave me a word on paper regarding Monica and I am at this moment reviewing Michael Isikoff's "big-bucks book."
In effect, the paper states, today there is only the thinnest line between buying adoption services and buying a child.
The paper calls the hearings "unprecedented" and includes details from witness accounts of being hounded by overzealous and incompetent agents.
Institute of Clean Air Companies, White Paper, November 2001.
The paper was therefore infor mally referred to as the "Blue Sky" memo; it was sent to Clarke on December 29.
The paper sums up the situation as trending against Clinton, with the White House appearing to be at a loss about what to do.
But when we take time to explore the vagaries of English, we find that hot dogs can be cold, darkrooms can be lit, nightmares can take place in broad daylight, midwives can be men, hours--especially happy hours and rush hours--can last longer than sixty minutes, ice cubes can be noncubic, tablecloths can be made of paper, silverware can be made of plastic, most telephones are dialed by being punched (or pushed?)
One complaint: Dearborn "prefers to get Mailer's contradictions and irrationalities onto the page as story" instead of exploring the meanings behind them, and she "likes to knock the stuffing out of [Mailer] when she finds him too upholstered" (Caleb Crain, the New York Times Book Review ). (The New York Times ' "featured author" section on Mailer offers an archive of reviews and profiles from the paper.)
Economics Department Working Paper No.
Stuff (as a verb): To place a story inside the paper.
Before I came to the Spectator , I was an editor and writer at the Washington Times , the conservative paper controlled by the Rev.
Paper Swoon
The countries are heading for a showdown over which of them will accept refugees, how many, at what cost, and on what terms, the paper said.
"Clinton's behavior has been contemptible throughout, from his initial offences, to his legalistic evasions, to his unbearably mawkish and snivelling apologies," the paper said.
The paper also reminds that this controversy underscores the importance of the gay vote in Democratic politics but could cause difficulties for Democrats in the general election.
The deal, says the paper, was that the inspectors did this in return for getting worked-up information back from the NSA relevant to where and how Iraq was hiding evidence of its weapons programs.
Thus, when a dictionary is touted as the one used by such-and-such a newspaper, readers should think back to the number of times that paper has been cited in SIC ³--seldom for the kinds of things that dictionaries have much bearing on--and discount the claims for “adoption” as so much hype.
The paper quoted a former head of the Russian communications ministry, Aleksander Ivanov, as blaming the scare on Western intelligence services whose "crafty plan" was to install new computers with spying facilities in Russian government institutions.
