He said he would pay particular attention to what happens to food and medicine entering the country under the U.N. oil-for-food program.
But Chatterbox doesn't know any other easily understandable phrase that describes this particular kind of offense.)
Because of this, which amino acid is charged onto a particular transfer RNA is utterly arbitrary and controlled by the aminoacyle transferase enzyme that does the charging, plus the structure of the amino acid binding site on the transfer RNA.
It seems legitimate to extend that notion to much of the subtle signaling, chemical and otherwise, within and between autonomous agents, as exemplified by plants that upon infestation by a particular insect secrete a secondary metabolite chemical that "warns" other members of the same species that an insect infestation is happening and to turn on defensive anti-insect secondary metabolites.
If not, then the decoder merely transforms a bit string sent along a communication channel into some other discrete or continuous dynamicsperhaps a set of water-filled bowls is drained by turning on a machine that opens valves between the bowls and to the outside world in particular ways.
Plants, as noted, are said to signal one another with complex secondary metabolites to characterize the particular kinds of insects infesting the glade.
An addition to the whole style common to Chicanos was a particular haircut, long with a ducktail and a wide-brimmed hat.
I have lately been reading accounts of the exploration of the western and northwestern deserts of Australia in the 1870s and I have become very aware of the effect absent necessities might have on the frequency of particular items in discourse.
The way the program works is this: one uses the cursor to highlight a particular word for which synonyms are desired.
Penny Perrick regrets (January 11) that “There is no word in English to describe that particular, special sort of pride that one feels in the achievements of one's children.”
Although it is true that isoglosses, in effect, set off the various areas where a particular usage was recorded, more accurately an isogloss is drawn to connect sites either where speakers employ both usages or where speakers using one or the other live in very close proximity.
Bella wasn’t going to CWS alone though, a few people were leaving Standback, no particular reason for it.
It has run into particular opposition from companies aligned with Nokia, which has developed a competing software.
The city also needs to begin openly discussing what happens underground, in particular with the transportation network.
Your accusations of inappropriate cutting are once again entirely unsupported -- in fact, it is quite clear from watching that particular scene that there is not a single cut from the point at which Moore asks Heston a second time for the cause of the higher violence in the States, and the point when he mentions the Kayla Rolland incident.
It is not a flawless diamond -- the "48 hours" scene in particular suffers from bad editing, the statistics are suboptimal, and Heston gets a bit more bashing than he deserves.
For the purposes of this proposal, I will assume that the nest maintenance and food processing ants have marked the midden with a particular pheromone.
Language plays a complex and integral role in the development and redefinition of an identity, particularly when that identity has been oppressed and subsumed by a dominant other for as long as that of the indigenous peoples in Latin America has. In particular I will examine two divergent yet remarkably parallel cases, that of the Maya in Guatemala and the Nasa and Guambiano peoples of Colombia.
TERRORISM is "the systematic use of violence to create a general climate of fear in a population and thereby to bring about a particular political objective.
You may not be able to rescue that particular animal.
In this particular movement, Bartók feigns moving to the tonal dominant, C, for the second theme before reinterpreting C as a chromatic passing tone between D♭ and B—this and other subtleties shown in Example 2 will be explained in detail in later sections.
As a member of the Student Athlete Advisory Committee and as a long-time varsity athlete, you might say I have particular stake in the proposal.
But academics are only one particular kind of knowledge.
The uncertainty of the market stems from the fact that production of any particular film revolves around whether or not sufficient financing is obtained to start and ultimately complete production of any given film.
Work which provides an underlying project-based structure, such as in construction (‘jobs’), law (cases), or computing (programmes), provides a particular time span for reciprocities to occur.
In particular, to prevent the reoccurrence of energy shortages and price volatility, a diverse mix of fuel sources should be maintained.
The Service Our old friend Gladys attended church services one particular Sunday.
Bad Landing An airline pilot wrote that on this particular flight he had hammered his ship into the runway really hard.

 it legislates retrospectively, it is, in effect, looking at particular authors and estates of authors who are before Congress asking for this extension, and it's choosing between these particular authors and the public at large. Now
 it legislates retrospectively, it is, in effect, looking at particular authors and estates of authors who are before Congress asking for this extension, and it's choosing between these particular authors and the public at large. Now
, it may provide additional incentives for the patentee to exploit and promote and disseminate that particular work. Wit



, and is your argument that we find and hold against their retrospective because there is some, at least plausible basis should so argument, to say that there can be a causal connection between the retrospective extension and some benefit that can be traced to those particular works through the retrospective extension, like dissemination? Is 
Is it necessary to have a document identifying the language and the character sets which cater for particular language?
Some amount of profiling may be necessary for UCS use in some countries, do we need to specify that globally or we can leave it to particular region to be solved as regional matter?
>All the above reflects my personal belief that this particular >BOF-cum-WG >should stretch to maintain the status of "Caesar's wife;" and also >reflects >my concern at the questions being raised by others last week.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
I was born here, and I was lucky enough not to get attached to any particular river.
"We have seen that raising consumer awareness and concern among restaurants and retailers about a particular fishery can really make a difference."
In joint deliberations on appropriations for the United States Postal Service and certain other agencies and departments for Fiscal Year 2002, the committee of conference directed both the Postal Service and the Postal Rate Commission to prepare reports on particular areas of the Postal Service's authority under existing law.
The second section addresses the same topics in connection with Negotiated Service Agreements (NSAs), so-called "niche classifications," which are special service and rate arrangements negotiated between the Postal Service and a particular mailer or groups of mailers with features tailored to their use of the postal system.
Commission proceedings in which the Postal Service has sought to introduce service innovations-some of them customized for particular groups of mailers-on an expedited basis.
The rules depart from those generally applicable to proposed mail classification changes by reducing the amount of supporting evidence the Postal Service is required to produce, and by expediting the Commission's procedural schedule for considering the particular form of proposed change.
Three of the new sets of rules prescribe expedited procedures for particular categories of Postal Service requests.
considerations could support recommendation of rate and classification changes tailored to the capabilities and needs of particular mailers.
The Commission might, after considering cost and other relevant evidence, establish a range of permissible rates for particular subclasses, with the Postal Service and individual mailers free thereafter to negotiate rates within this range; or
According to the architecture historian Peter Collins, the use of the word style to designate the architecture of a particular period or country is relatively late.
Although most people would describe this house as “traditional,” this is not an exercise in a particular historical style.
Fear that being linked to a particular style is to be put in a box—like most creative people, architects dislike being categorized.

The extent of overlap of each transcript against the supporting evidence used during the re-annotation was determined using an intersection algorithm to determine the annotations overlapped by particular types of evidence [ 12].
We conclude that the apparent SIC1 -dependence of bypass by tab3-1 and other tab mutants relates more to the strength of the particular mutation, rather than the mechanism of bypass.
On a subject of particular interest to
Whether feedback of these particular errors could improve risk estimation has not been examined.
In particular, there is no agreed upon reference or "gold" standard measuring device for spinal palpatory procedures.
Department of Labor reflecting the prevailing wages in the particular agricultural sector.
In the toy-store scene, for instance, Oskar says of a neighbor who also took part in the great national pogrom, though he wasn't in that particular store: "Meyn was not there," he says, "just as the ones who were there were not somewhere else"--a swipe at all the Germans who claimed not to have been around whenever Nazi crimes took place.
Spatial heterogeneity of signal can be observed in microarray data and in particular in cDNA microarray data.
While this generic structure is conserved throughout the Bacteria there are number of variations, in particular lineages of bacteria, in terms of adducts to the glycan, and composition of the peptide chain [ 1, 2].
Admittedly, certain groups have their particular vocabulary.
In particular, growing
Smith believes that the Catholic League, which is authorized by neither the Church nor the Vatican, was looking for an excuse to attack Disney that particular week.
This is because unlike traditional patient information tools (such as a brochure or a video where only a limited amount of preoperative information can be provided), a Web site could be structured to address the particular questions an individual patient might have.
Chihuly is all you need to say, whether you're talking about a particular glass piece ("a Chihuly") or evoking the movement, the institution, the aesthetic, and the regional identity epitomized by the Northwest's (and the glass world's) most famous artist.
Thus, given a particular genetic background, treatment with an antagonist against CRH-R1 can mimic the genetic abolition of gene function.
0. Thus '011' would indicate a particular gene whose expression, relative to control, was increased at a magnitude >2.
Average Difference Intensity (ADI): average measure of intensity of hybridization for a series of match and mismatch probe pairs tiled across a particular gene transcript.
That is, MEME decides during the motif identification whether or not to include a sequence; the numbers of sequences that MEME used for the alignments are given in Tables 2and 4. We observed that MEME is rather restrictive in deciding whether to use a particular sequence or not; thus, the number of sequences in any given motif alignment is rather small, and searching for binding sites as described below resulted in larger numbers of sequences with a particular motif.
In cell culture, A549 monolayer also faithfully exhibits various aspects of RSV infection and RSV-host interaction, including robust virus growth, formation of syncytia, activation of NF-kappa B (NF-κB), and elaboration of a battery of cytokines in response to virus infection [ 18 19 20 21 22 ] . In this paper we have, therefore, continued the use of A549 cells to elucidate the mechanism of RSV-actin interactions, and in particular, test the role of profilin in the pathways that are likely to involve such interactions.
If learners want more than a valency pattern for a particular verb or group of verbs or more than the translation equivalent(s) of a single source-language word, where do they turn?
A slightly simplified version of the data from Baker and Lindeman [ 9 ] is given in Table 3. In particular, to simplify the calculations for the hospital designated as number 11, we regrouped data from multiple time periods into two time periods.
Summing up the excess cancer cases for all of the relevant compounds assumes an additive relationship - that particular compounds do not interact in a synergistic or threshold-related manner to influence dose-response relationships.
The population was studied according to cancer diagnosis (leukemia, lymphoma and solid tumor) and according to the age at the time of a particular sample has been taken.
The dephosphorylation of phosphoproteins is universally catalyzed by protein phosphatases that are classified into two major functional groups, protein tyrosine phosphatase (PTP) and protein serine/threonine phosphatase (PP) although enzymes with various degrees of dual-specificity are also encountered [ 1 2 3 4 5 ] . The majority of Ser/Thr phosphatases belong to three classical groups, namely PP1, PP2A, and PP2B (calcineurin), and possess similar primary structures in their catalytic cores [ 2 3 6 ] . PP1, in particular, exhibits an extremely high degree of sequence conservation through evolution, and its orthologs and isoforms are found in all eukaryotic cells [ 6 7 ] . In various organisms, PP1 regulates such diverse cellular processes as cell cycle progression, protein synthesis, carbohydrate metabolism, transcription, and neuronal signaling [ 3 7 ] , underscoring its profound importance in biology.
The results provided by the CASP organisers and assessors show how well a particular group did, but do not measure performance of individual methods in separate contexts.
A screening system looks for particular, identifiable suspects or indicators of risk.
Black tea has been shown to have a preventative effect against skin carcinogenesis in animal models [ 4 5 6 7 8 9 ] . Of particular interest are the accumulating data that reflect similar potential health benefits associated with both the epicatechins of green tea and the theaflavins of black tea [ 10 11 ] . Several mechanisms may be responsible for the anti-initiation and anti-promotion properties of black tea [ 5 10 11 12 13 14 15 ]
Readers may also wonder whether SLATE will have a particular political flavor.
Clarke and others told us of a particular concern about possible attacks on the Fourth of July.
Poor education is a particular concern.
For all that, however, there's a lot of smoke being blown about Sara Lee's restructuring in particular and about the supposed evils of vertical integration in general.
The index is expressed as percent certainty that a particular prediction is correct: A = 99.

After more than 50 years of study, the anatomy of the brain is well described and many brain functions have been mapped to particular substructures [ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8].
Even though structure prediction methods need further development, it is possible to produce models where functional hypotheses can be tested in a rational manner (for example, with mutagenesis experiments) through detailed analysis [ 54 ] . Additionally, structure comparisons can be used to detect functional relationships that cannot be detected by sequence information alone [ 52 ] , and micro-environment analyses that parse models for particular three-dimensional motifs [ 55 ] can be used to discern molecular function.
Under the assumption of linearity, the estimate of the value of a statistical life does not depend on the particular amount of risk reduction being valued.
Data on the particular generation that we used for genotyping and the current generation of RI animals is available at [ 30].
True, economists generally believe that a system of free markets is a pretty efficient way to run an economy, as long as the prices are right --as long, in particular, as people pay the true social cost of their actions.
But Milliken is the biggest player in this game, and following the money trails that lead back to him is a pretty good way to understand how this particular piece of the world really works.
The determination of the configuration that will best serve clients throughout a particular state ultimately involves a balancing of factors and the application of judgment to a host of considerations.
Free distribution also changes the nature of the readership and the relationship between readers and writers--people aren't shelling out money to read particular writers, and it's harder for writers to tell who their audience is.
Clustered integrations will, however, be more difficult to analyze in cases where a large number of insertions are present in the particular transgenic line and digestions with multiple restriction enzymes will be necessary to ascertain the structure of the insertion loci.
In the Simpson case in particular, a lot of interesting arguments have been made, and not all of them have been made in Fujisaki's courtroom.
Also, it should be understood that American Grammar , while it happens to deal with illustrations from American English, describes the grammar of most of English: the title derives from the association with America of the particular kind of grammatical analysis described: except for a few anomalous differences, the grammars of the major dialects of English are, of course, uniform.
Three of the new sets of rules prescribe expedited procedures for particular categories of Postal Service requests.
It is, in general, difficult to predict death in a particular patient because of individual variations and since "we do not know the exact borderline between life and death" [ 27 ] . To a certain extent the point in time to accept dying - at least in medical institutions - depends on empirically based decisions to abstain from potentially life-sustaining interventions e.g. pharmacological, technical or other artificial support of organ function "to prevent death" at least for limited moments of time [ 28 29 ] . In our internal guidelines we grouped patients according to the staging system of Jonen-Thielemann into rehabilitative, preterminal, terminal and final phases [ 30 ] . With relation to intentions of care, life expectancy according to the progress of disease and empirical statistics, consideration on perhaps burdensome diagnostic and therapeutic procedures and communication strategies with patients and proxies a systematic staging of patients in palliative care on expected outcome seems to be useful.
Claims of HGT have frequently pivoted on incongruencies between a particular gene tree and the assumed underlying species tree.
OPPORTUNITY COST - The value of the alternatives foregone by adopting a particular strategy or employing resources in a specific manner.
Apart from this, the observed frequencies are roughly similar to those with which these same sequence classifications occur in the human genome [ 1]; therefore, other than a preference for AT-rich DNA, L1 insertion at a particular genomic locus may be influenced more by local chromatin structure than by specific long-range sequence composition of the DNA.
Specification of a particular cellular identity might depend entirely upon the influence of instructive signals that change with time.
Initial objections to the WGS strategy suggested that the finishing stage would be more difficult and expensive than BAC-by-BAC sequencing [ 25], in particular because of a lack of clones to use as finishing templates.
(Why not a nasologist ?) Even after memorizing osteologist (skeleton), heterologist (tissue), or helcologist (ulcers), I have difficulty in remembering these particular words.
She accelerated industrialization, in particular the nuclear power industry, including a first atomic explosion in the desert in 1974.
Who will be our next cartoon old-timer, and what particular geriatric qualities will he or she embody?
The second line sought to explain the origin and maintenance of sequence variation within populations, and the fixation of particular alleles between species.
Capital cases are expensive and demanding, and those involved in placing attorneys on them say large firms in particular have shied away from them.
In other words, early-born neurons are specified appropriately in dlA dx2 mutant embryos; what these embryos lack is the ability to regulate the number of cells specified for any particular fate.
DLDA is a very simple classifier but it has been shown to perform well in complex situations, in particular, in an extensive study of discrimination methods for the classification of tumors using gene-expression data [ 29].
It is possible that spots on these arrays have been renamed since the data were analyzed for this manuscript and we therefore recommend that if the reader has a real interest in any particular gene that they go to the Stanford Microarray Database [ 65, 66] and carefully examine the data as it stands today.
Well, one hesitates to say with certainty that this particular president ever learns from experience on this particular subject, but surely, surely , at this point ...
Further, the questionnaire used in this investigation places no particular emphasis on any specific item.
Having identified the Evil in particular, Gaddis widens his argument to identify the Evil in general: the Soviet system.
Similarly, the genome is scanned for particular annotations to verify their presence, including those that have been submitted as corrections from the community, or are cited in the literature, such as tRNA, snRNA, snoRNA, microRNA or rRNA genes documented in FlyBase.
Moreover, it is likely that the promoter recognition differs during different stages of transcription initiation [ 16 17 ] , and it is unclear what particular contacts are made during open and closed complex formation, and during productive versus abortive initiation.
To be asked for more--and a particular amount, yet--seems grasping.
This is consistent with previous reports of Tn 5 preferentially inserting into particular locations in the target sequence [ 17 18 ] . Since these "hotspots" could become a limiting factor in the number of unique insertions recovered within a target sequence, the second reading frame through the Tn 5 MEs was used for the ECFP transposon.
In particular, Tice pointed to Tyco's hefty write-offs of its acquisition costs, write-offs that have totaled something like $3.
He shows us the consequences of this particular inability, too--the murdered presidential candidates, the massacres in the Colombian streets, the hundreds of murdered policemen.
Changing the interaction of peptide, MHC class II molecules, T cell receptors and other antigen-presenting cell specific ligand interactions to foster stronger, higher affinity T cell signalling has been shown in mice to skew T cell differentiation from Th2 to Th1-like patterns [ 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 ] . Differences in Th-differentiation patterns have downstream effects on the type of immune response mounted, and in particular on the isotypes of antibody expressed.
The particular combination of equipment chosen for mercury reduction at a particular facility is largely determined by the existing equipment and conditions at the facility.
In particular the actual volume ranges shown in Figure 2 are much greater than the two to one ratios observed in Figure 4.
When they project their particular self-consciousness onto society as a whole, the upshot is a sour, self-congratulatory muddle.
Although conservatives who inveigh against overpaid, do-nothing federal bureaucrats probably have in mind the Department of Health and Human Services, if your urgent need is a government job in general, rather than anything in particular that job might accomplish, apparently the Pentagon is your best shot.
But another reason, I think, is that baby boomers in particular have tended to segregate themselves along political lines as well as class and racial lines.
The most likely reason for this is a matter of dose, although it is possible that characteristics of the particular viruses and PCR methods could also explain the results.
In some cases, murder, mayhem, and, to borrow a tasteless euphemism from social conflict, linguistic cleansing have been aroused by language—not by vituperation, cursing, and blasphemy but simply by being in the wrong place at the wrong time speaking a particular language or dialect.
However, insufficient information exists to relate this last common ancestor to any particular other branch of the presently existing AAA family.
Furthermore, even if the particular activities detected under these conditions are genuine, the likelihood of these being relevant in vivo needs to be additionally assessed.
Alongside this distribution, we show the estimated boundaries for the cytogenetic bands on the chromosomes, allowing us to explore whether L1 density is associated with a particular cytogenetic band.
If no name could be identified for a particular novel EPK, an interim name was assigned on the basis of one of the associated GenBank accession strings.
In particular, to make good the lack of new left-of-center policies (which voters appear not to want), Clinton and Blair have pumped up the consoling left-of-center symbolism (which is still much in demand).
Recognized by a few individuals as a very precious resource, the Lake District has been praised in prose and verse and protected by wise policies so that the rest of the world can come and enjoy its particular beauty.
Indexers are constrained further by the specifications of the controlled vocabulary [ 20 ] . In particular, a relatively small number of descriptors pertaining to CAM are contained in the controlled vocabulary [ 21 ] , thus limiting indexers further in their choice of assigning specific subject terms.
It's during the lousy years with weak teachers that we parents suddenly find ourselves being led from our particular complaints to ask bigger questions about the whole approach of a school, and being tempted to think in unduly polarized terms--as if there was some clear-cut choice between constructivist and more teacher-directed learning.
The Commission might, after considering cost and other relevant evidence, establish a range of permissible rates for particular subclasses, with the Postal Service and individual mailers free thereafter to negotiate rates within this range; or
Consider, for example, one particular form of increasing returns: The so-called "learning curve," which says the more units of something you have already produced, the lower the cost of producing the next one.
Traditional print magazines know exactly how many copies they sell, though they have no idea how many people actually read a particular article or see a particular ad.
In particular, we were interested in comparing the systemic effects of IL-2 as reflected by the transcriptional profile of circulating mononuclear cells with the effects observable within the tumor microenvironment.
The rules depart from those generally applicable to proposed mail classification changes by reducing the amount of supporting evidence the Postal Service is required to produce, and by expediting the Commission's procedural schedule for considering the particular form of proposed change.
Therefore, other microarrays would have to be performed on purified infected PBMCs to confirm most of the changes observed in Tables 1, 2, and 3. Unfortunately, to date this particular issue is not feasibly addressable, since it is not possible to isolate a homogenous population of infected T- or Monocytic cells from AIDS patients.
In other words, he jumped on the nearest soapbox and started ranting to no one in particular about such evils as atheism, homosexuality, and Tim Russert.
In particular, the Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act of 1990 and the Government Management Reform Act of 1994 spelled out an ambitious agenda to remedy the government«s lack of useful, relevant, timely, and reliable financial information.
Confirmation of these observations is needed, however they do suggest that Gb3 levels, and in particular the pattern of renal Gb3 expression, may be a factor in the age-related incidence of renal injury in HUS.
Hypokalemia and many types of electrocardiographic (ECG) abnormality are observed during the acute phase of subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) [ 1 2 3 ] . Among ECG abnormalities, a prolongation of the QT interval, especially when associated with hypokalemia, deserves particular attention because it is frequently observed in those patients who develop life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias such as tor-sades de pointes [ 1 2 4 ] . However, the pathogeneses of these abnormalities during the acute phase of SAH have not yet been fully investigated.
In "Trumpet Voluntary," Michael Kinsley misses something essential when he argues that potential volunteers, and in particular well-off ones, might do better to donate their money than to actually volunteer.
As it happens, that's true, in the sense that the underlying drivers of any business are more important than the particular individual at the top (although you do have to have someone at the top who can recognize and take advantage of those drivers).
In particular, many organizations were encouraging their staff to become Certified Information Systems Security Professionals (CISSP).
There were modest correlations between individual cells that expressed particular cytokine and chemokine receptor mRNAs.
It should be recalled that the particular dimensionality of DNA sequences, n = 2, allows a very convenient unidirectional bi-dimensional representation, which is in fact the Chaos Game Representation procedure (CGR) [ 5 ] . Consequently, CGR is a particular case of USM, obtained when n = 2 and only the forward coordinates are determined.
The framework allows you to identify the appropriate mix of assessment steps to fit the particular needs of your engagement.
When studying a particular process by transcription profiling, it is common also to transcriptionally profile the same process after deleting one or more genes known to be involved.
The G+C content of a genome and the codon usage of its genes are determined by selection and mutation pressures [ 1 ] . Because these evolutionary processes are characteristic of each species, the sequences belonging to a genome share a common pattern of composition of bases, codons and oligonucleotides [ 2 3 ] , making it possible to identify laterally transferred genes (LTGs) as those whose features are atypical for a particular genome.
Thus, corepressor complex HDACs must play an unspecified role in restricting the transcriptional activity of both ERβ and, in particular, the ERβ-LBD.
The decreases seen when comparing the 0.1 μg to the 0.5 μg samples were not associated with distance from the 3' end and were not consistent for particular probe sets (only 26 probe sets decreased in at least 7 of the 8 samples).
Strong phylogenetic clustering supported by the bootstrap tests (typically, only the bootstrap values higher than 50% were considered significant) as well as high sequence similarity (>40% identity) were used as a main criterion for grouping receptors into a particular family.
A lead relays information from one part of the FBI to another and requests that a particular action be taken.
Binding involves a family of adhesins that interact with extracellular matrix components, and these adhesins have been termed microbial surface components recognizing adhesive matrix molecules (MSCRAMMs) [ 1 ] . Specific MSCRAMMs are responsible for localization of S. aureus to particular tissues, and include fibronectin-binding proteins (FnBPs) [ 2 3 ] , fibrinogen-binding proteins [ 4 5 6 ] , elastin-binding adhesin [ 7 ] collagen-binding adhesion [ 8 ] , and a broad-specificity adhesin (MAP) that facilitates low-affinity binding of S. aureus to several proteins, including osteopontin, collagen, bone sialoprotein, fibronectin, fibrinogen, and vitronectin [ 9 ] . S. aureus can utilize MSCRAMMs to adhere directly to cells or can attach to cells through the use of bridging ligands such as Hsp60 which has an affinity for both MSCRAMMs and the β 1 -integrin host cell receptor [ 10 11 ] . Interaction of S. aureus with host cells via MSCRAMMs can induce signal transduction, tyrosine kinase activity, and cytoskeletal rearrangement [ 12 ] .
The WP is good on the particular politics of Clinton's Social Security proposals, saying that it is classically Clintonesque in that it preserves the program's size but only by accepting something that was anathema to earlier Democrats--partial privatization.
To calculate the increase in the amount of membrane fatty acid in a particular group of seedlings, it is necessary to subtract the amount of seed fatty acid (both storage and non-storage) remaining in those seedlings from the total amount of fatty acid present in the seedlings.
That's relatively easy to observe, and it gives yet another measure of how much people dislike this particular level of risk.
It is therefore useful to have evidence-based guidelines for estimating the minimum number of occasions required to obtain a given degree of reliability for a particular analyte.
In particular, we propose a specific mechanism of action in DNA repair, and possibly in RNA modification, for the AlkB protein and its homologs.
In particular, the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 emphasized the need for agencies to acquire and apply information resources to effectively support the accomplishment of agency missions and the delivery of services to the public.
, proactive notification systems, portals and gateways to information for particular groups, and interactive participation mechanisms) should be more widely used.
In contrast, gene order conservation defines much more precisely the course of evolution of genomes, as it is not affected by the presence of particular sets of genes in individual genomes.
If you are in search of a particular item, look in “fixed-price” shops first to get some idea of what you are likely to have to pay.
Although the ancient rabbis failed to consider this particular example, Aumann and Maschler express confidence that if they had considered it, they would have endorsed this unique consistent solution.
Similarly, limitations of Cul1 function in other organisms also uncovered the disproportionate importance of particular substrates.
Of particular interest are the increasing variety of ecologically and culturally oriented tours and excursions now available here.
As shown in Figure 1d, the distribution fits the number of distinct functions held by a particular protein fold [ 21, 22].
(Of course you also can do a normal search for occurrences of particular words.)
In particular, in S. pombe cells, Pob1 is localized to sites of polarized growth, loss of Pob1 function leads to a loss of polarized growth, and overexpression of Pob1 causes cell growth to become depolarized [ 10 ] .
Furthermore, determining during what developmental stage the difference between a particular bmr mutant and its wild-type counterpart becomes apparent may reveal whether or not there is a direct effect on the floral transition.
How could Culturebox hold the Human Behavior and Evolution Society (HBES) in particular and evolutionary psychologists in general responsible for the theories of a single man?
Much of the time people describe wines as they are drinking them, and there is no need to pick out a particular wine.
While these ailments and those affected by them are described by Sacks with his habitual sympathy and imagination, the real subject of the book is Micronesia itself, and in particular its flora.
Each has a particular role in positioning but lack of one step is not essential whereas loss of more leads to nonviability [ 20].
In particular, the potential contributions of demand-side efficiency, gas-fired cogeneration and of renewable energy sources appear to be inadequately represented."
Conduction disease preceded the development of dilated cardiomyopathy in the proband's family [ 1 10 ] . This indicates the necessity for careful documentation of a three-generation pedigree in the evaluation of patients with conduction system disease paying particular attention to sudden death, arrhythmia and bradycardia.
This particular foible may have been initiated by Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-82), who had been a preacher before concentrating on being an important literary man.
The model for lerisetron binding will be further refined as its interactions with other binding site amino acids are investigated [ 26 32 33 ] . Of particular interest would be potential interactions of the N-benzyl group that would account for the decrease in binding affinity of analog 2. Additional information gained from comparison of our model with the recent crystal structure of the AChBP demonstrates that lerisetron can be roughly 'fit' into the binding site such that all the residues line up as shown in our model.
[ 4 ] . The individual amino acids that form binding interactions with the functional groups present on a ligand are likely to differ for each receptor subtype, reflecting the specificity of a particular binding site, however, the overall structure of the binding domain may be similar even for binding sites with different ligand specificities.
To kill that particular monster [time] is the most ordinary and legitimate occupation of each person.
By examining a range of subspaces, this analysis can be used to partition a transcription profile and define which effectors are responsible for particular patterns of expression.
These two related historical issues—the ascendancy of a particular system of clothing assembly and the role of unions—have a direct bearing on what is now happening in retail-apparel-textile channels.
A particular sporting event can be unique.
One of the men I am currently seeing has asked me to dinner at a particular restaurant that he's been eager to try.
When the Controller receives notification of a particular event it notifies every listener on this list.

In a way Luce is the ideal subject for this particular moment in the art of biography.
In particular, he had created mice with a genetic mutation that caused what was a normal protein--the prion protein, in Prusiner's lingo--to become abnormal and produce disease.
The single slaughterhouse was in the nature of a public utility—much like a telephone or electric company that has received a franchise from the government to provide service to a particular area.
Several other articles published in 2000 discussed alcohol as a risk factor for particular injuries or disease.
Praia da Rocha and Praia Três Irmãos in particular are lined with hotels and beach-goers.
And some economists with no particular ax to grind simply have doubts about the methodology.
If, after adjusting for multiple comparisons, there is a statistically significant difference between groups in the estimated probability of a particular non-cancer cause of death, the investigators should reexamine the death records to check for potential biases.
Such tumors are associated with this particular line of Rip-Tag transgenic mice (but not others) and were not the result of any of the treatments in the study.
Lady Thatcher was inspired to speak by a particular cause.
Sequence homology between the serotonin type 3 receptor (5-HT 3 R), the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (nAChR), the GABA A receptor and the glycine receptor suggests a large amount of structural similarity within this superfamily of ligand gated ion channels [ 1 2 3 ] . This presumed structural homology can be used to guide site directed mutagenesis studies of particular receptor subtypes.
The amount of myosin-II required to produce a particular amount of force was calculated by assuming that a single head of myosin-II produces 3.5 pN of force [ 12 ] . To correct for myosin-II's duty ratio (t s / t c ), the following considerations were used.
But that is very different from saying we are designed to automatically dislike people with particular skin colors, and that racial harmony therefore is impossible--which is what the National Review article said.
To an outside observer, however, Z seems to have particular appeal to the inhabitants of subequatorial Africa.
Asecond factor is the news media, in particular local television news, which is built on abbreviated human stories with a recognizable beginning, middle, and end: A violent crime.
This may be used to position a display on a feature, or because a user has typed in a particular position, or because a given sequence string occurs at that position.
In cases where multiple TSDs were identified, TSDs with the best score and with a candidate poly(A) tail immediately preceding the 3' HSP were defined as the TSD for a particular L1 insertion.
Penny Perrick regrets (January 11) that “There is no word in English to describe that particular, special sort of pride that one feels in the achievements of one's children.”
For such "fitness trees" anchored at particular reference sequences, we can measure both the decline in average fitness with mutational distance, w ( d ), as well as the change in the average neutrality as we increase d . The average neutrality at distance d simply reflects the connectedness of the neutral network at that distance.
A particular subset of genes whose expression appeared to be associated with a clinical response was noted.
In a way, the most confusing part of this week was the breathtaking volatility in the stock market, and in particular in the Nasdaq.
Like the United States, Britain experienced an inflationary boom, fed by real estate speculation in particular, immediately following World War I. In both countries this boom was followed by a nasty recession.
Surowiecki points out the shaky rationale for this particular strike but does not end there, reminding us that the control we have over our workplaces and the responsive nature of American management (in abiding by the bulk of these rules or by factoring labor unrest into their long-term calculations) can be directly attributed to the efforts of the American labor movement (regardless of whether or not one-trick pony Ronald Radosh wishes to brand them all as subversives).
That is why it is the particular subfield of economics in which the views of those who understand the subject and those who do not diverge most sharply.
The perceived "natural" status of herbal products in particular and CAM in general lead many to draw the conclusion that CAM therapies are not associated with adverse effects.
An unremarkable snipe coming from a noted anti-Clintonite, except that this particular snipe comes from Mary Matalin, who spent a quarter-hour this Sunday sneering at every point offered by her fellow panelist and husband, James Carville.
"By telling my story and asking other women to tell theirs, I wanted to elucidate the emotional truths that emerge from a particular generation's erotic memory," she explains.
The rules used were specific for this annotation effort, in particular, for the types of data currently available.
When they grow, as characters in television dramas must, it is by learning that their former positions in the upper-middle classes don't give them any particular edge over the common folk they find themselves among.
There are many things about modern life--air conditioning (in particular), electricity, indoor plumbing, supermarkets--that make me grateful to be living in the latter half of the 20th century and not back in the antediluvian or “good old” days so often pined for, and one of them is the knowledge (gained from the Introduction) that American newspapers and magazines published numerous short lists of wellerisms during the 19th century.
And feminism isn't an issue, at least not directly--partly because its basic ideas have been assimilated and are taken for granted, partly because politics in general and feminism in particular barely exist in the consciousness of Maxim's age group.
Then there are books, like Funk's A Hog on Ice and my own The Whole Ball of Wax , that treat the origins of particular kinds of expressions and, occasionally, words.
This provides preliminary information on all the domains located within a particular gene including domain boundary information.
Major changes can involve redesigning work processes, changing work rules, developing new job descriptions, establishing new work hours, or making other changes to the work environment that are of particular concern to employees' unions.
Unlike the assessors' evaluations at CASP (which has recently appeared in the special issue (S5) of Proteins: Structure, Function, and Genetics ), which focus on how well a particular group performs, we treat CASP as a test-bed for how well an individual method performs.
The analysis is not perfect; in particular small aggregates close together may be scored as single larger aggregates.
Thus, although changes in expression of specific RP genes may be associated with differentiation, the pattern of such changes may reflect the particular cell type and differentiation stimulus that is involved.
In many families the shrine is erected as the result of a promesa or manda (promise or vow) made to a particular saint, or in memory of a family member who has died.
Buildings are extremely complicated artifacts, and the time necessary to cultivate and refine a particular manner of building cannot be underestimated.
As we have seen, however, the frequency of particular amino acids varies greatly among different organisms, decreasing the likelihood that there is a unique, optimal composition.
Bush opposes a particular campaign-reform plan.
We then binned all the traces belonging within a particular BAC and extending 500 bp beyond the end sequence of that BAC.
If Hannigan didn't sound so grouchy, I'd say he was describing Las Vegas, or perhaps one Vegas show in particular, Jerry Kuntash's "Splash!"
In particular these preliminary data suggest that these two rules may be specific enough to scale to larger population trials without generating an unacceptably high false positive rate.
At particular points in the trajectory (every 1000 steps), a fragment from another trajectory was copied at random, similar in spirit to genetic algorithms (GA) strategies [ 42 43 ] . The standard Metropolis criterion would then apply: i.e., if the selected fragment enhanced the score of the conformation relative to the previous conformation, it would be accepted.
It is possible to construct a "virtual tissue" based on the expression pattern of a particular gene or group of genes (e.g.
Rather, QUASI tests the R:S of each particular replacement mutation at each codon.
For example, the original support for Ecdysozoa was obtained only with a particular genus of nematode, Trichinella, that had a short branch in the 18S rRNA tree [ 3 ] . To test this, phylogenies were constructed using different species of nematodes.
In particular, we wanted to activate the function of these Wnts for short durations rather than relying on stable expression.
Microcosm and mesocosm studies are commonly used in ecological studies of aquatic and terrestrial habitats [ 1 2 3 ] . Microcosms and mesocosms are generally subsets of communities and abiotic factors of particular ecosystems, with restricted exchange of matter and energy [ 3 ] . These containers are by definition smaller than the organism's actual habitat, and controversy exists about the relevance of these studies because of the scaling of simulated habitats and the lack of replication and complexity [ 1 3 4 5 ] . There is often an implicit, and untested, assumption that scaling doesn't affect experimental outcomes in microcosm studies [ 3 ] .
It would be a joy to watch him perform that particular wiggle.
In particular, Will asked Jackson, "As president, would you support measures such as the G-7 measures in the Louvre accords?"
You may find this particular speech habit to be like the creaking tree outside the window: it was always there but you never heard it.
Several officials told us, in particular, that the United States could not get direct access to an important al Qaeda financial official, Madani al Tayyib, who had been detained by the Saudi government in 1997.
Many of the individual components of this regulatory system function under particular conditions and govern the expression of overlapping sets of gene targets, allowing a given gene to be coexpressed with different gene groups in response to different conditions (Figure 1a).
But perhaps such comments are intended less for those who feel afflicted by this particular form of ennui than for the larger group capable of resenting the rich.
In particular we confirmed the GABA-immunoreactive somata of putative C2 cells, fine GABA-positive profiles in the vicinity of VS-dendrites, and a bundle of large GABA-positive axons at the proximal border of the lobula plate which were interpreted before as HS axons [ 37].
In particular, a substantial fraction of these paralogs encode (predicted) membrane or secreted proteins.
Use of AEC was of particular benefit in avoiding non-specific background staining.
In particular, as we have shown in Fig.
But, because it serves their particular generational self-pity, Gen-Xers seem more willing than older folks to grasp the essential truth about Social Security, which is that it is a Ponzi scheme.
When Anna Scott--with her sunglasses and strong "don't touch" vibe--appears from amid his shelves to ask about a particular guide to Turkey, his recitation dribbles off hopelessly: "There's also a very amusing incident with a kebab--among ...
This means that if it is important to have the greatest precision in a particular subregion other than the standard subfields, a specific threshold for this region should be chosen separately.
[ 1 2 ] From a classical approach of mapping an MHC allele with a particular disease, the focus has shifted to determine the specific peptides presented to MHC molecules with clearly defined sequences.
If real, this sporadic sex difference was not dependent on age, sometimes occurring in a group of B6 mice at a particular age and sometimes not occurring in a separate group of the same age.
In particular, peripheral alpha-1 antagonists are associated with an increase in plasma norepinephrine in diverse patient populations, as summarized in Table 3. This table reflects increases in norepinephrine in normotensive patients, hypertensive patients, and patients with chronic congestive heart failure from a variety of these small studies.
His particular obsession is that Hillary Clinton is, I kid you not, a Red.
Their particular narcissism renders them incapable of viewing any sort of interesting scandal around them.
Yet what's striking about American business today--and in particular about the very industries that we now think of as the heart of our economy, namely information technology and financial services--is that the people in charge are not consoled by the thought of Morton's successful "branding."
If the class of canine brings a sense of nobility to the ad and product, this particular specimen is so well trained that it intensifies the image of controlled elegance, of comfort--an almost royal dog striding through a minimalist palace.
Using chi-squared analyses, proportions of individuals reporting a particular symptom at each site were compared with the combined reports for that symptom at all sites.
Dick Clark had no particular interest in the rock he was promoting, or in music whatsoever.
In particular, NASIRE awards recognition to states whose systems have made important contributions to the operations of state governments.
Overspending due to bad incentives is not a problem with independent counsel investigations in particular; it's a problem with government undertakings in general.
Although these particular data are from a subset of the Mu11KsubA chips used for Figures 1and 2, our experience is that these are very typical of GeneChip hybridization data from numerous chip series.
Gridiron junkies in particular can kick back in the Barcalounger at 11:00 New Years morn (Cotton Bowl, Fox; Outback Bowl, ESPN) and vanish into a festival of testosterone until the final gun sounds on the Sugar Bowl (ABC, 8:30) some time around midnight.
It is not clear why this particular construct consistently and strongly labels yolk platelets.
"It is up to his allies, in particular Tony Blair, to stiffen his resolve that NATO's demands be met in full.
That is, if selection is neutral for any particular replacement mutation, we can calculate the incidence of each replacement mutation we expect to observe (by looking at a table of the genetic code).
Of particular significance --the American public has become acutely aware of the hazards to their health, including the risk of mortality, posed by inhalation of fine particles and exposure to mercury through fish consumption.
They know that it has explanatory power only in general terms, and is useless in the particular case.
though he had no particular taste
The location of each L1 within that particular contig was compared with the locations of the mRNA and CDS annotations.
However, if an impasse is ultimately reached in a particular state, it is critical that LSC maintain its statutory right to decide the configuration of service areas in order to foster greater access and service for all eligible low-income clients.
The measure would ban a particular procedure often used in late-term abortions.
E3 enzymes are of particular interest, as they mediate the substrate specificity of ubiquitylation reactions.
In particular, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) was shown to consist of at least two molecular subtypes that differed in the expression of over several hundred genes [ 1].
"Financial position" is a representation of an entity's economic resources and the claims on those resources as of a particular date.
These are not, mind you, actual existing bridges, like London Bridge or the Pont Neuf, but are "generic, and cannot be attributed to any particular place in any single country."
In particular, LIFR null mutation remains a neonatal lethal with associated osteopenia and an absence of glial cells in late gestation, as described below.
The identification of specific genes associated with a particular biological characteristic such as malignant phenotype would be useful in many settings, [ 1 ] Precise classification and staging of tumors is critical for the selection of the appropriate therapy.
Only to a limited extent are they like regulatory user fees, based on the Government's power to regulate particular businesses or activities.
In particular, the statute does not expressly require that an alien be continuously physically present in the United States throughout the period of representation in order to be eligible for legal assistance.
Mutations in TMC1 are responsible for the autosomal dominant human hearing disorder DFNA36 and for the recessive deafness DFNB7/11 [ 5 ] ; the corresponding murine gene Tmc1 also causes deafness in the mutant mouse strains Beethoven ( Bth ) and deafness ( dn ) [ 6 ] . Bth / Bth mice display altered potassium currents in early postnatal cochlear hair cells, in particular Ik,n and Ik,f currents appear to be depressed [ 10 ] . This observation led to the hypothesis that Tmc1 may participate directly or indirectly in regulating the permeability of potassium channels [ 10 ] . Because of the high level of conservation of the amino acid sequences among the eight mammalian TMC proteins (Figure 1, Additional file 1), we speculate that other TMC proteins may as well be modifiers of ion channels or transporters.
Some Clinton defenders argue that the voters knew about the president's alleged proclivities, if they didn't know the details of any particular case, and implicitly accepted them when they elected him twice.
Nokes, in particular, believes that for all her very real devotion, Cassandra was something of an underminer, constantly urging Jane to hide her identity as an author.
In particular, the Concurrent Versions System (CVS) tool [ 21 ] coordinates program development at the Georgia Institute of Technology with that at the NCI, and also coordinates development within each of the groups.
In particular: the tension between his prescriptions of (a) the West turning inward for its own salvation; and (b) the world's different tribes cooperating for global salvation.
Often, when multiple genomic sequence records were associated with a particular EPK, these records contained inconsistent mapping information.

The Seagram Building is a masterpiece, not because Mies had a sudden inspiration, but because he had spent decades learning how to bring commodity, firmness, and delight into his particular version of balance; how to attach the travertine to the wall to create a particular effect; which metal fabricator could make a certain kind of handrail; and exactly how deep to make a window mullion to cast the right size of shadow.
The resulting effects of individual mutations are specific to particular structural classes of ligands.
Information is the resource-extractive industry of the next century, and the concept of intellectual property --a term that dates back 150 years--comes up when individuals or companies assert a particular claim and embody it in the form of copyrights, trademarks, and patents.
An order to an apparel factory—whether from a retailer, jobber, or a manufacturer contracting out different stages of the work—specifies the total number of units to be made of a particular design, with a given fabric, and with a certain number of units in each size.
Of particular interest are the clusters, the "territories" occupied by each of the clusters and the apparently higher parasite loads of the presumably "non-territorial" ones.
Another ploy has been to get major newspapers and other media to acknowledge their reliance on a particular dictionary to decide spelling (mainly) and, I suppose, other language matters.
This study among healthy pre- and postmenopausal women who participated in mammography screening detected an inverse relation between self-reported soy food intake and the size of the breast, in particular the non-dense area, as measured in mammographic images.
We cannot exclude any particular explanation, as this study did not consider any economic, ethnic, or environmental exposure data.
In particular, the pollsters charge that PROMO downplayed the extent to which respondents' fear of crime was based on the experience of crime--53 percent of those polled had said that they or someone they loved had been the victim of a crime.
And it makes paying for access to any particular site a bigger practical and psychological hurdle.
Of particular significance is their exemption from the Migrant and Seasonal Agricultural Worker Protection Act (MSWPA), 29 U.S.C.
A simple method of selecting genes that display particular characteristics across m experiments is to compare each profile to a template representing the pattern being sought.
In particular, he argues, economic sanctions against Iraq are less likely to be enforced by member countries of the U.N.
In particular cases it is useful to filter the original repeat data to remove certain types of repeats; for example, simple one-base (homopolymeric) or two-base repeats.
The WP lead brings word that the Supreme Court, confronted with its first chance to take up the issue of a particular vexed type of late-term abortion, decided to punt, prompting an angry dissent from conservative justices Thomas, Rehnquist and Scalia.
Volume II presents the standards alphabetized by topic, pulls together all references to a particular topic in one section, and integrates illustrative material from both the SFFASs and the original Exposures Drafts wherever possible.
USACE and CII have both been recognized for their particular programs, and both offer formal training.
The cigars of La Palma in particular draw high praise.
When no particular information is known about the missing data, we are essentially assuming that the dropouts are not much different from the completers.
In particular, a stable complex should accumulate after Gln131, Glu139, Asn183 and Gln197 in Lhcb1 are replaced with His.
Studies on localization and expression of ERβ hormone binding domain recognized by E12 and F12 monoclonal antibodies in human placenta are of particular interest.
This is likely due to the fact that there is a wide range in the abundance classes of RNA transcripts derived from different genes, from as few as 1 copy per cell to several thousand copies per cell [ 35 ] . The signal intensity of a particular transcript detected on an oligonucleotide array would thus be directly related to this abundance level.
Users could search for comments either overall, for particular rules, or within particular sections of the rules.
In particular, since a CD8+ T-cell response to Tat appears to be the earliest, this protein may be a key component of a preventive vaccine, as suggested by other [ 35][ 36, 37, 43].
' " Thus "available" is bootstrapped into "used" and "used" into "used in Laos," while "used in Laos in this particular operation" sneaks through by implication, all buttressed by the empty assertion that "this"--what?
This lack of data is of particular interest when committees have tried to rationalize and justify regionalization of critical care in rural areas [ 2, 3].
By comparing the "cost per case" of a particular grantee over a period of time, LSC may gain useful information on the workload and performance of a program from year to year.
In particular, we analyzed Pfam-A families containing more than 25, 30, 35, or 40 members, and got essentially the same results.
This approach enables the researcher to select genes that are of specific, probable or possible interest in a particular context, and thus to tailor the final array exclusively to the model(s) of interest.
The second section addresses the same topics in connection with Negotiated Service Agreements (NSAs), so-called "niche classifications," which are special service and rate arrangements negotiated between the Postal Service and a particular mailer or groups of mailers with features tailored to their use of the postal system.
Both of these examples were chosen for the purposes of clarity, rather than for precise reflection of the allele frequencies in real populations; in particular, few if any populations have a single HLA allele with a frequency of 50%.
You might suppose that Hugo himself, or his shade, faced with these sundry renditions, would take particular exception to the idea of a movie cartoon for children.
In general, when using statistical tests (in this case a paired t-test), the required sample size to detect a particular change (e.g.
The distinguishing features may be dominance by one nation, the prevalence of a particular social system, or the pervasiveness of a certain technology.
This acquisitiveness has turned Pokémon into an economics lesson: Kids spend hours bartering cards and figuring out what exactly a particular Pokémon is worth.
When attempting to reach a particular unit, chiefs in the lobby often heard nothing in response.
The marine toxin okadaic acid (OA), in particular, inhibits the PP2A class of phosphatases at sub-nanomolar concentrations (IC50 ~ 0.05 nM) and the PP1 class in the low nanomolar range (IC50 ~ 5-45 nM).
During the third trimester, and after 34-36 weeks of pregnancy in particular, the placenta may develop an abnormality, often classified as placental aging [ 19 20 21 22 23 24 ] . These abnormal placentae are characterized by generalized interstitial fibrosis and fibrinoid degeneration of villous stroma, and are associated with cellular apoptosis and congestion of villous sinusoids [ 24 25 26 27 ] . Immunohistochemically, villous abnormality is associated with progressive diminution of Thy-1 differentiation protein in the villous core [ 28 ] . Marked changes in villous structure are particularly associated with advanced maternal age [ 29 30 ] . We have recently reported that, with respect to the Thy-1 expression, compensatory dilatation of villous sinusoids, and placental expression of low molecular weight cyclin E variants, the term placentae can be classified into four placental types (PT1-PT4) [ 30 ] , where PT4 corresponds to the most severe placental abnormality.
To be sure, I've been known to use that particular Anglo-Saxon expletive myself, and with great verve, too; but to encounter it in the pages of Slate was just too much.
You can let him know you would love a slight modification of this particular behavior.
Each of the rooms displays art of a particular artist — Titian, Raphael, or Veronese — or style — Dutch, Gothic, or early Italian.
In particular, two boilers with 900 MWe of capacity require approximately 2.1 tons per MWe.
It harbors a particular combination of cleavage sites that permits cloning of a nucleic acid in defined orientation and controlled labeling of only the desired fragments with fluorescent dyes (Figs.
This particular starting point has proved useful enough to earn a proper name.
While many actions have been associated with activation of the ERK pathway, two particular functions of interest to our laboratory are mitogen-stimulated growth [ 1 ] and smooth muscle cell contraction [ 2 ] . Of the three MAPK pathways, activation of the ERK pathway and the intracellular signaling pathways associated with ERK activation are the best delineated.
7 residues, with no discernible bias for or against particular amino acids (Table 1).
Other papers in this series have described the application of PKQuest to propranolol, D 2 O, ethanol, inulin and protein bound antibiotics [ 1 2 3 ] . This paper will describe the application of PKQuest to volatile solutes, with particular emphasis on anesthetics.
In reality, however, probabilistic inference is inherent in practically any interpretation of experimental results when questions are asked such as "How likely is it that the protein under study has a particular biochemical activity in vivo ?" or "How central is this activity for the in vivo function of the protein under study, given the results of a surrogate in vitro assay?"
Also, we were unable to measure some factors that have been found to be important in other reports, in particular, influence of physician age [ 11 ] , physician specialty [ 42 ] , type of hospital (teaching hospitals and hospitals with radiation facilities, private, county and public) [ 36 38 39 43 ] , socio-economic status and education [ 42 ] , tumor-breast ratio and the expected cosmetic results [ 7 9 ] , physician/patient interactions before surgery [ 42 ] , and psychological factors, such as fear of radiation or cancer [ 9 ] . The strengths of using of insurance claims data for this analysis were twofold.
Kutchins and Kirk claim that the DSM isn't a true account of mental illness because it's informed by particular social values.
To date no studies or case reports have examined the use of aspirin in the treatment of FAP, although various clinical trials are under way [ 33 ] . In accordance with the above data, studies conducted in animals have always employed a prevention strategy as well [ 4 7 9 ] . To our knowledge, this is the first study to examine the therapeutic potential of aspirin in a rodent model of colon carcinogenesis, in particular, the Min /+ murine model of polyposis.
Example 2: Suppose there are 10 alleles, each with frequency 5%, each conferring resistance to a particular disease, and one allele, with frequency 50%, conferring susceptibility.
Math, he will soon discover, is far and away the favorite of a large number of kids--boys in particular, but that's another discussion.
The budget decision-making process used for information technology projects can present particular challenges for the federal CIO not found in the private sector.
In this particular case, it is doubtful that anyone reading The Times is unaware of the meaning of American ass . Another alternative, not always possible, is to avoid entirely the passage containing the problem word or phrase.
The CIA officer does not recall this particular identification and thus cannot say why it was not shared with his FBI colleague.
Indeed, the whole reason intellectual-property law exists is that people can acquire your information without acquiring the particular physical version of it that you created.
The system can be discretized by sampling the state and output with sampling period h = T/n , where n is a positive integer and assuming that the inputs are piecewise constant; this is also a standard technique in control engineering [ 18 ] . In particular, a linear continuous-time system governed by Eqn.
The jury concluded that negligent marketing and distribution of handguns by nine companies was a "proximate cause" of three recent shootings, despite the absence of proof that any particular company's product was involved in any of the shootings.
Lesbians in particular, from what I've observed, seem to have a particular knack for it (staying married, I mean, not enduring ocean-liner dream vacations).
These haplotypes appear to be the result of two separate crossover events, one of which is just proximal to a particular marker and the other just distal to the same marker.
In particular, I'm thinking of the story out at Berkeley, where affirmative action has been banned, and where only around 191 blacks, out of 8000-plus admittees, have been offered a place in next year's class, a huge drop (the Hispanic number was also small).
(Question: Did the LAT reporter dwell on this particular crash because he happened to cover it himself?)
In particular, it has been noticed that it may be necessary to design an experiment that uses multiple arrays (or multiple spots on each array) containing multiple measurements for each gene under each condition.
The space saved allowed for amalgamation and new entries; yet, anyone interested in more background on a particular citation is provided with enough information to track it down, assuming that a good library is at hand.
The metrics described here offer suggestions to be tailored for use as appropriate to particular projects.
Some right-wingers have claimed that anyone with a good word for Malaysian capital controls (me in particular) is also in effect an accomplice in the imprisonment, on what certainly sound like trumped-up charges, of Mahathir's former heir apparent Anwar Ibrahim--an advocate of more conventional policies.
In particular, f 0,2 does not look like a t -distribution with small degrees of freedom, as predicted from the t -test.
The editors make no attempt to place their book within that particular context, a more accurate historical context for understanding the appearance of this book, as it was made possible not by Du Bois' dream in any respect but by the rise of multiculturalism and black studies as intellectual industries in the United States after 1970.
Whereas the LAT and the NYT address the provisions of the bill in terms of the dollar amount assigned to them, the WP tends to foreground the legislators who backed or opposed particular provisions.
This study among healthy pre- and post-menopausal women who participated in mammography screening detected an inverse relation between self-reported soy food intake and the size of the breast, in particular the nondense area, as measured in mammographic images.
In particular, large negative values occur at a much higher rate than expected (data not shown).
GPO Access can be used to search the Federal Register back to 1995 with particular search parameters (e.g.
In MDAH cells in particular, the increase in PTEN mRNA closely correlated with the observed increase in PTEN protein and encompassed both major mRNA species of 2.5 and 5.0 kb.
In an earlier posting you speculated that our enthusiasm for Harry Potter may arise from our anxiety about technology, and it's striking (this is something my wife called to my attention after she read the first two books) how technologically underdeveloped the muggle world is in these books, in particular with respect to information technology.
As a result, billions of dollars of goods customarily sit for hours at the three borders involved, a particular disaster in today's just-in-time inventory economy.
Hence, this uniform robustness supports the idea that there is little special about particular codons or amino acids.
One can want a particular practice to be rare just because it is painful, even if it is morally required (and not just permissible).
The legislation amends a 1994 act that mandated students take a course on human rights violations "with particular attention to the study of the inhumanity of genocide, slavery and the Holocaust."

When more than one representative sequence for an EPK was found within a particular category, one of the sequences was chosen as the primary cross-reference for that category.
But it is known that it was used as an initiation ritual among friends and peers, to show solidarity and allegiance to a particular barrio.
For example, Figure 6.2 shows weekly demand for men’s dress shirts at a particular retailer: There are seasonal peaks in demand at Father’s Day and Christmas, when many shirts are bought as gifts.
Usually, the media sympathize with this particular criticism of conservative Christians, but not this time.
To date, however, there are few data on the particular information needs of patients considering joint replacement surgery, and which of these needs deserves highest priority.
Some soldaderas were employed to cook and fulfil the needs of a particular soldier, whereas others were relatives or lovers.
But readers of this column should be under no illusion that it's in the business of finding the cheapest or otherwise best online vendors for particular books.
For the record, I used the term as a framework for understanding Diana--in particular how its symptoms interacted to produce the chaotic behavior that so many close to her witnessed over the years.
To analyze the cell geometry during cytokinesis, dimensions of dividing D. discoideum cells were measured using NIH Image to determine the number of pixels for a particular dimension.
Cell division was detected in a number of embryos from every sample, indicating there was no uniform resting stage at a particular age.
The resulting partial alignment (see Additional data files), which more clearly delineates the key residues that support inclusion of a particular sequence in the EPK family, was used for subsequent phenogram construction.
Although the literature contains many examples of correlations between GC content and the frequency of particular codons and amino acids, our model is able to recapture quantitatively the behavior of essentially all codons and amino acids by invoking forces that act only on the level of individual nucleotides.
Valli dwelt, in particular, on American disbelief that a currency managed by a lot of feuding European countries could ever compete, as it was intended to, with the U.S. dollar.
I don't see any particular reason to vote for Gore, who is fundamentally conservative economically and socially, as well as married to one of our great anti-popular-culture pests.
Thus, the phenotype of a virion may not reflect its genotype [ 26 27 28 29 ] . Phenotypic mixing and hiding is a particular case of complementation involving surface proteins (above citations).
The related documents (or neighbors) of a particular paper are listed according to their relevance to the paper.
[My point about mauve was that it has no particular usage associations but that devine and adorable , among other words, are “associated with ways in which some women but probably no men (except those imitating women sarcastically, homosexuals, or interior decorators) express themselves.”
Interestingly, several putatively related genes were detected in this particular analysis (data not shown).
12), which each present the complete information for every intron within a particular class ( e.g., 16S rRNA genes containing two introns), grouped by their exons.
5 In particular, they use performance agreements to align and cascade organizational goals to individual performance expectations through several levels in their organizations.
These reports detail how much lobbyists are paid to work on a particular issue and in theory what, who, and how they lobby.
Sullivan's article, as its subhead states, is an exploration of the "twilight of an epidemic" that reflects repeatedly on why it is difficult for HIV-infected gay men, in particular, to consider the possibility that new drug regimens will allow them to survive this plague.
Amongst these are particular functional classes, i.e. such as G protein coupled receptors, which are expressed at low levels [ 12 ] .
If the fixture was designed to hold ten shirts of a particular color and size, for instance, it is both wasteful of space and visually unappealing to put only three shirts out—even if an economic analysis recommends the lower quantity.
LPS is a major component of the cell wall of gram-negative bacteria and is known to trigger a variety of inflammatory reactions in macrophages and other cells having CD14 receptors [ 7 8 ] . In particular, LPS is known to stimulate the macrophage secretion of nitric oxide [ 9 ] and inflammatory cytokines such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-1-beta (IL-1-beta) [ 10 ] . For this reason, we also determined if TNF-alpha or IL-1-beta were capable of enhancing the cytotoxic effects of CEES.
-1, where μ is the mean frequency of introns for positions in a particular exon and x is the target number of introns present at a particular position, allows the calculation of expected numbers of positions containing a particular number of introns.
Of particular interest may be the seven varieties of purposive site selection: bracketing, best cases, worst cases, cluster, representative, typical, and special interest.
And if there's anything we at Slate in particular can ever do ...
Their charter, unlike normal prosecutors', is to pursue a particular person rather than a particular crime.
See Figure 3. In particular, the general shape of the unit cost curve (with respect to per capita volume) appears to be valid for the posts of industrialized countries sampled.
Our observations can be summarized as follows: 1) Fisher/344 rats when not subject to any form of prenatal insult and subsequently raised with adequate nutrition and housing do not, as a group, display any particular paw preference.
This particular alteration in pronunciation seems to have been widely accepted.
2) This particular instance of it stinks.
This information is represented as a directed graph in Figure 2b, in which each vertex corresponds to a particular domain and the edges connect domains that combine to form multidomain proteins.
EPA does not necessarily endorse any particular threshold.
The second criterion for defining a family was common chromosomal localization, including co-localization in a particular genomic locus if known at the time of analysis.
"Natural gardening" is a strictly regional affair, done with those plants that thrived in a particular area--around say, Des Moines or Dubuque--before the fall of man.
A variety of representations are used in print or online to archive knowledge in particular domains such as metabolic pathways [ 1, 2], gene networks [ 3], signaling networks [ 4, 5], and molecular interactions [ 6, 7], yet are not sufficiently standardized to represent cross-disciplinary systems - the interactions of gene expression and metabolism at the inter- and intra-molecular levels, for instance.
Our method does not primarily aim at quantifying the presence or absence of a gene in a particular sample.
Chairmen and members of the Joint Chiefs who "personally" oppose this particular change in policy are not likely to put their feelings aside and implement it.
Not so, say publishers, who insist they should continue to take a whopping chunk of the money for no particular reason.
This is done for each specific GO node, and for the cumulative total of the number of genes meeting the criterion in a parent GO term combined with all of its children, giving a complete picture of the number of genes associated with a particular GO term.
For heart failure in particular, the increase in symptomatic episodes of CHF may be due to hemodynamic effects of doxazosin unmasking incipient heart failure, direct myocardial injury, or both.
The predicted topological organization consists of six transmembrane domains with a hydrophobic loop between the fifth and sixth domain which lines the ion conducting pore [ 17 ] . VR1 has been expressed heterologously in several cell lines and has intrinsic sensitivity to thermal stimuli and to capsaicin (a pungent extract of the Capsicum pepper family) [ 18 ] . VR1 does not discriminate among monovalent cations [ 19 ] ; however, it exhibits a notable preference for divalent cations with a permeability sequence of Ca 2+> Mg 2+> Na +≈ K +≈ Cs + [ 9 ] . Ca 2+is especially important to VR1 function, as extracellular Ca 2+mediates desensitization [ 20 21 ] , a process which enables a neuron to adapt to specific stimuli by diminishing its overall response to a particular chemical or physical signal.
. On several occasions, while applying for visas to a certain Middle Eastern country, I have been asked to provide a baptismal certificate, presumably to determine whether I was Jewish or Christian, which happens to play an unofficial role in the entry practices of that particular country.
It is possible that overexpression of the putative transporter encoded by Sugar baby could increase life span by increasing uptake of a particular sugar and altering energy metabolism pathways.
Indeed, one reason we are presenting our particular method is that we found after many trials and errors that none of the standard morphological transform routines (dilations, erosion, closings) or combinations thereof, were able to precisely define the boundary of pathological features in a fundus image.
Differences of the sequence and of reaction conditions are expected to alter the proportion of bridging that occurs in any particular system.
They are allowed to transcend their particular poverties--of class, gender, or nationality--in a way Dickens granted precious few Micawbers.
Of the two ways described above in which MHC genotype may affect disease outcome, the first - association between a particular allele and disease outcome - has been repeatedly documented in human populations by various methods of genetic epidemiology [ 17 ] . The second kind of effect, more vigorous immune responses to a pathogen by a heterozygote as compared to homozygotes for the same alleles, which we term "allele-specific overdominance," has been suggested by several animal studies [ 18 19 20 21 ] , although none of these studies is unambiguous (see DISCUSSION).
No matter the particular outcome, the NYT sees the dealing as indicative of the telecommunications industry's trend towards increasing consolidation, noting that a combined GTE-MCI would be the first company since the breakup of AT&T to have a large presence in both local and long-distance markets.
Naming a siding after a company flattered the company and increased its loyalty to the particular railroad.
If one has become accustomed to a particular manual, the temptation is to stay with it: it is like a comfortable old shoe; even when a new edition becomes available, the information appears in approximately the same place and in a familiar format.
In particular, Netanyahu was adamant about using the biblical terms for the West Bank preferred by Israeli settlers, and he complained to Arafat about the region's Arab car thieves.
Analyses of incomplete compilations of hORs, in particular approximately 150 full-length receptor genes [ 17, 18], have recently been published.
The essential reason they get this way is that as youths they channel their mental energies into a particular area--film, computers, politics--at the expense of learning social conventions.
considerations could support recommendation of rate and classification changes tailored to the capabilities and needs of particular mailers.
a rheumatology clinic in which all patients with RA living in the particular referral area are followed) and the control individuals were drawn from the same, geographically well-defined general population.
The debate over how to define an "optimum currency area" is an endless one, but Mundell set its terms, suggesting in particular that a key feature of such an area would typically be high internal mobility of workers, that is, the willingness and ability of workers to move from slumping to booming regions.
The cornerstone of selection mapping is the testing of each observed replacement mutation at each codon to identify those particular replacement mutations that are overabundant relative to silent mutations at that codon.
Average and individual ranks for particular levels of contamination shown in Table 1are for two simulation sets (normal and lognormal), each using normal contamination located at twice the 99 thpercentile and with a sample size of 100.
The case of trying to annotate the first (or only) representative of a novel subfamily is of particular interest.
Scholars generally agree that the use of a numerical marking system preceded attempts at developing methods for transcribing language per se ; I find in accepting that fact some interesting implications for theories about how the mind works and, in particular, its capacity for abstracting.
We wished to determine whether multiple oligos designed to the same gene would exhibit a coherent hybridization pattern and whether the oligos from a particular gene would cluster with known examples of genes co-regulated in vivo, a powerful test of the microarray [ 32].
In particular, you should also consider the validity of data.
Until we have a more complete protein-interaction set, a user who wishes to explore a particular pathway http://arep.med.harvard.edu/NetSearchneeds to specify pathway starting points and ending points (such as membrane and DNA-binding proteins, respectively).
In particular, novel transcripts did not uniformly have low levels of hybridization, which suggested that hybridization level would not greatly aid in identifying novel clones.
Using recent scholarship (in particular, historicism and cultural materialism), Motion places Keats within the context of the radical liberal politics of the early 19 th century.
In particular, we were interested to see if any transduced sequences were annotated as an exon, lending direct support to the mechanism of L1-mediated exon shuffling [ 28 33 34 ] . None of the transduced sequences downstream of any of the L1 family members in Table 1was annotated as an exonic sequence.
The classical concentration-response relationship is depicted as a sigmoidal shaped curve, however, the particular shape of the concentration-response curve may differ for each coupled toxicant and response pair.
Directory of statewide programs that includes information such as number of employees, number of offices, amount/percentage/type of funding, level of tech usage, types of services, collaborations/partnerships, etc. that would allow us to look for a comparable program to brainstorm a particular issue;
In its main editorial Monday, the paper said the British had particular cause for dismay over the United States' "punishing tariffs" on their products, because they have given "unquestioning and unhesitating support for all U.S. policies and actions--even to the extent of exposing their own citizens and interests to danger, and calling into question their true commitment to Europe."
Searching for the rabbis' ELS, therefore, required choices about what names to use for each particular rabbi.
Two resulting dendrograms having very similar topology were used to identify OR clusters and assign the receptors to a particular family.
Now recall the concept of a reaction graph, a bipartite graph with nodes representing chemical species and lines called hyperedges leading from each set of substrates to a box and from the box to the product species of that particular reaction.
It is noteworthy that these particular losses were not identified in both CGH studies.
He added that China's record in particular belies my argument because its roughly balanced global trade indicates that it is not a net capital importer.
There’s much — too much — to absorb in one visit, so choose particular galleries or take a Highlights Tour leaflet and pick out just a few works.
In Sections 165 and 169, the Act places particular value on protecting visibility in 156 national parks and wilderness areas (e.g.
Dramatic weight gains, in particular, are seen as a come-hither gesture to the grim reaper.
In particular, this would improve the likelihood that processes will be successful, and would allow delivery of evidence-based decision support to providers, narrowing the gaps between evidence and practice.
Additional objections to the model relate to the definition of a neutropenic complication, in particular dose delays and dose reductions.
The current implementation is very restrictive in that the user must specify ahead of time one particular level of the GO hierarchy that is to be used for analysis of the data.
Pavitt underscored the responsibility of the particular field location where the suspects were being tracked at any given time.
On Día de los Muertos, the Day of the Dead or All Souls’ Day, an offering is made for a particular individual who has died, or for several members of a family who have died, such as parents and grandparents.
None of the papers mention why baseball may be especially well suited to this particular irenic cause: Castro was once a very good pitcher, even drafted by the Washington Senators.
This includes unexplained transactions that are "not the sort in which the particular customer would normally be expected to engage" or that have no "apparent lawful purpose."
This provides preliminary information on a particular domain, identified by its FOLDLIB id.
As a technical matter, it should be noted up front that there is no requirement that the mailer or the competitor really perform any particular piece of work, only that the mail be presented so that the postal service2 does not have to do that piece of work.
Technical assistance visits are conducted after LSC receives a request from a program for assistance in a particular area such as intake systems, legal work management and supervision, or technology.
While most newspapers accepted the need for Britain to play its part in taking in eastern Europe's dirty nuclear washing, they argued that this particular matter had been badly handled.
Your gift may be designated for the school's general endowment, a particular scholarship or program, or a combination of needs.
However, beyond these obvious aspects of topology, and in particular with respect to clustering of distantly related bacteria and archaea, the trees produced with different approaches showed significant differences, which appear to reflect the relative contributions of phenotypic and phylogenetic signals.
My findings: I bought Siberian ginseng gum and chewed a bunch but felt no particular vitality.
Other uneven splits include hurry up , or to hasten, versus hurry down , to hie yourself in a particular direction.
This is a useful museum to visit if you have a particular interest in post-independence Greece, as many artifacts add detail to the individuals and incidents that shaped the new country.
In particular the coagulation and complement systems should be considered as potential sources of noise in this context, as both are activated during serum sample collection and generate low molecular weight products.
UBF-1 specifically binds the ribosomal RNA gene promoter, although no particular recognition sequence can be identified [ 22 ] . HMGB1 and UBF-1 contain multiple HMG-box motifs, although only one is shown (indicated by decimal in Fig.
In particular, NF-Y is the predominant nuclear factor binding to the Y box [ 21 ] , and the HIV-2 pets site does not contain the reverse CCAAT sequence required for NF-Y binding.
In particular, our finding of a statistically significant decrease in the ability to achieve orgasm among TAH patients when compared to SCH patients (43% vs. 6%, P = 0.03) is noteworthy.
Use of the guide should be selectively tailored to the requirements of particular reviews and adapted to the status of the acquisition.
One book in particular resides on my desk as a regular source of inspiration: Edmund C. Jaeger's Source Book of Biological Names and Terms , first published in 1944 by Charles C. Thomas, Springfield, Illinois.
The ROC procedure examines every predictor variable and their associated cutpoints and identifies the variables with the optimal balance between sensitivity and specificity for identifying those particular patients with the specific outcome of interest (namely, presence of behavioral problems).
International trade in particular happens to be a subject in which a page or two of algebra and diagrams is worth 10 volumes of mere words.
Individual generators can choose when to reduce their emissions in response to their particular circumstances and the price of allowances they see in the market.
In particular, the growing threat and capabilities of Bin Ladin were not understood in Congress.
Not long ago, Bill Gates saw one of Slate's program managers, Peter Randall, walking across the campus, and observed, to no one in particular, "I'd kill for that tie."
In the pages of The Rules , men are a barely individualized collection of amiable dolts, but the Rules Girl is a particular social type--and it isn't the choosy free spirit lectured in such anti-feminist self-help books as Smart Women, Foolish Choices . The woman depicted as in need of the Rules is a voracious doormat, the sort of woman who sends men Hallmark greeting cards or long letters after a single date, who rummages in men's drawers and pockets, suggests couples therapy when brief relationships start to crumble, throws away a new boyfriend's old clothes, cleans (and redecorates) his apartment without asking, and refuses to see the most obvious signs of disengagement.
§ 1395ww(d)(3)(E), requires that, as part of the methodology for determining hospital payments, the Secretary annually make adjustments for area differences in hospital wage levels by a factor reflecting the relative wage level for hospitals in a particular geographic area compared to a national average.
The boy, it turns out, is a particular aficionado of stage violence.
Furthermore, there were modest correlations between individual cells that expressed particular cytokines and certain chemokine receptor mRNAs.
The NYT points out that twenty-four states, mostly in the West and midwest, provide for voter referenda, and that they have been a particular effective vehicle for pursuing socially controversial positions.
Depending on the experimental system and the particular question asked, PPARγ can be involved with pro-atherogenesis or anti-atherogenesis.
Site selection More sites selected than needed; fewer sites selected than needed; inappropriate basis for site selection, for the particular job and evaluation question
I'm not saying there's something fishy about any eight-place jump--I'm saying there's something clearly fishy about this particular jump.
Less well known is the intra-strand Chargaff's rule, which states that the same relationship holds within large, single-stranded DNA molecules (in particular, the two strands of the Bacillus subtilis genome) [ 65, 66].
I never quite figured out, for example, what the particular crisis was that left Hick worried that Eleanor would ditch FDR on the eve of re-election--although it's another tidbit to add to our Clinton-Roosevelt Parallels file.
But these days U.S. power is subject to a form of ambivalence verging on antagonism--even from allies--that goes beyond the merits and motivations of this or that particular criticism.
I have lately been reading accounts of the exploration of the western and northwestern deserts of Australia in the 1870s and I have become very aware of the effect absent necessities might have on the frequency of particular items in discourse.
Klepp, Entertainment Weekly ). Harvard Professor Stephen Greenblatt calls the report a "nonfiction novel" in the New York Times and finds its closest literary antecedent in the writings of medieval inquisitors, in particular Kramer and Sprengerr's Malleus Maleficarum . Adam Gopnik writes in The New Yorker that Americans overwhelmingly side with Clinton because "a scapegrace hero is always more appealing than a moralizing narrator."
Access to these materials can permit public comments filed on rules to be more informed and targeted to particular issues.
Clinton, in particular, loves this sort of thing as a way of achieving a national goal without costing taxpayers any money.
A second possibility, supported by recent publications, is that Notch activity specifies certain cell fates, in particular, glial fates.
Although our understanding of promoter and protein domains that determine expression and localization is growing, our ability to deduce from genomic sequences which cell types are likely to express a particular gene and where the product will reside under what conditions is still rudimentary.
As for Net stocks in particular, they offer no solace to the scared investor who looks for reassurance when bad things--like last week's eBay outage, or the rumor about Microsoft offering free Net access--happen.
One particular wine was described as “sweet, a bubbly, flowery, light fizzy feeling in the mouth” by one subject, “quite dry, quite tangy” by another, and “harsh odor, pungent, unpleasant, bitter, sharp” by a third.
Paul now becomes the odds-on favorite for next year's Album of the Year Grammy, but it's worth noting that the Big Moments in his life, John's death in particular, have not brought out the best in him.
I hypothesized that adaptation to a particular concentration of glucose in the medium might reduce competitive ability at either lower (2.
Certain loci mutate so slowly that particular alleles appear to become fixed in specific species and/or biovars of Brucella (e.g.
The choice of fixative for a particular cytochemical study is often a difficult task owing to the limited available information about the effects of fixatives on cultured cells.
In particular, he was suspicious of language reformers who wished to revive or fabricate Anglo-Saxon synonyms for Latinate words.
In the case of liquor, in particular, Prohibition had the effect of making consumption tantalizing and exciting.
In this particular case, the buyers come to Las Vegas to purchase the goods rather than having them shipped out of the city, but the economics are the same.
At this particular juncture?
However, during the Release 1 analysis, Drosophila researchers annotated particular families of genes about which they were expert and for which they may have had specific unpublished information.
Similarly, in birds, a polymorphism at the tenascin locus (which lies a few megabases proximal to Tlr4 in mice) predicts susceptibility to Gram-negative infection [ 30], suggesting that it may lie in linkage disequilibrium with a particular form of the avian Tlr4 gene.
Its more than 1,400 islands, although scattered, form a series of groups, each with its own particular character.
Since these changes would affect all government borrowing and investment, not just this particular program, the gap would not have to close completely for the whole exercise to end up a wash.
All filopodia and microvilli are morphologically slender and these descriptive terms in general have not been used to refer to microextensions having a particular dimension.
In particular, a strong bias is observed at the -1 position (see Figure 2C).
This database, the ACASS, can be queried by any federal agency interested in a particular A/E's past performance.
In particular, it has been demonstrated that the nucleotide following the stop codon (defined as +4) is non random, with purines over-represented for the three stop codons.
The Rio Grande blanket has particular characteristics, with designs that include wide bands and various zones of narrow stripes.
According to this version, there is no particular moral to the story, except that **** happens.
Of particular interest is the observation that the number of probes which have increased signal and the degree to which their signals are increased are highest at the lower end of the signal range.
Generally, test sample IC 50 s varied within two-fold of the non-passaged control virus IC 50 , within each particular assay (data not shown); however, isolate 14-P4 was clearly different, with an IC 50 greater than 11-fold over the control virus IC 50 for both PCV and ACV.
In order to be able to process this data efficiently - in particular, in order to run the procedure where all classes are compared against each other using BLAST - we developed a procedure to define the most representative element for each class, which we call its prototype.
Nevertheless, the differing substrate specificities within the catalytic repertoire of a particular protein family are generally a reflection of similar reaction mechanisms.
It seems legitimate to extend that notion to much of the subtle signaling, chemical and otherwise, within and between autonomous agents, as exemplified by plants that upon infestation by a particular insect secrete a secondary metabolite chemical that “warns” other members of the same species that an insect infestation is happening and to turn on defensive anti-insect secondary metabolites.
If anything, then, a tax system in which everyone paid his or her own particular tax rate would be more in tune with our world, and the possibilities created by the computer, than the flat tax.
The first step of the pipeline uses a set of filter programs to determine the low-complexity regions as well as transmembrane regions, signal-peptide sequences, and coiled coils in a particular proteome.
In particular, more progress is needed in explicitly linking senior executive expectations for performance to results-oriented organizational goals, fostering the necessary collaboration both within and across organizational boundaries to achieve results, and demonstrating a commitment to lead and facilitate change.
We do, however, have the opposite concern: that is, we would need to be sure there was not "bad news" selectivity in a particular area, associated with killing jobs that did not identify problems during scoping.
If GC content were an artifact of selection for a particular codon or amino-acid usage, there would be many different ways of arranging the codon frequencies to get the same GC content.
This is a particular problem when the size of the association is small in magnitude.
The need for an additional personal name (in Europe rather than “generally,’ and not before the tenth century) arose more because of the spread of a particular kind of naming philosophy than an increase in population or a refinement in civilization.
Also, because of the potential temporal variability in the toxicity of effluents, a negative test result with a particular sample does not preclude the possibility that samples collected at some other time might exhibit chronic toxicity.
Tartakoff and coworkers have proposed that mutants with a secretory block show altered nuclear transport capacities, changes in the nuclear localization of particular proteins, and potential perturbations of NPC composition [ 60 61 ] . In our sec13 and sec23 mutants, we do not believe NPC composition has changed but rather that NPC localization has been altered by formation of extended ER networks.
And having seen one of the famous public schools at rather too close quarters back when I was 14, during your sabbatical year in London, I think that if I were British, I'd be more likely to approach those charming and inessential aspects of British society with a box of explosives than with the Spectator 's pious reverence (and on the Speccie in particular, you'll remember Ian Buruma's devastating account of the place in his book Anglomania ).
It is a ranking of the relative sales of particular kinds of books at certain groups of stores within a one-week period.
In particular, extensive chromosomal phylogenies for flies in the picture wing [ 4 ] , melanogaster [ 5 ] , virilis [ 6 ] , and repleta [ 7 ] species groups exist.
This differs from the mechanism of selenocysteine incorporation, which requires a whole set of specific partners, including a specific tRNA and a particular elongation factor [ 4].
The set of Family Regulation Ratios for a particular Pfam family across multiple experiments is called a Family Regulation Profile.
(See almost any random item for the past six months, or Bruce Gottlieb's recent piece on ".") How can we convince ourselves that this one particular IPO is a rational reflection of actual economic potential if all the rest are a reflection of something closer to clinical insanity?
Its greatest tourist attractions are the summer music and arts festivals (in particular the world-famous Spoleto Festival established in 1957), but the town’s beautiful natural setting amid densely wooded hills also makes it a base for hikes into the countryside.
Information on the existence of comorbidities was extracted from the claims data using the occurrence of ICD-9 codes associated with comorbid conditions included in the Charlson Index [ 24 ] . We also analyzed data for conditions that were not included in that index, but occurred at a high enough frequency to warrant examination as possible comorbidities, in particular hypertension and lipid disorders.
Equally important, other studies have shown that loss-of-function and naturally occurring mutations in BMP ligands and receptors are associated with dysregulation of folliculogenesis and ovulation [ 14 15 16 17 18 19 ] . Of particular interest is the finding that ewes having a mutation in the bmp15 gene in both alleles are infertile whereas the heterozygotes are superfertile [ 16 ] . Thus, the bmp15 gene can control ovulation quota through a dosage-sensitive mechanism.
In particular, the differentiation must be made between the quantity of different types of water consumed in the United States and that consumed in other, less developed countries.
Disclaimer : Bear in mind that I've not had the opportunity to actually preview many of the aforementioned shows and in many cases am relying on press releases, written synopses, and assurances from network flacks that a particular episode doesn't suck.
Use this feature to find articles by a particular author or a reference to a particular subject.
The particular alignment algorithm used (see Materials and methods) and our reliance upon gene-prediction data imposed a bias against unconventional splice sites.
In particular, at a concentration of 2 mM, picolinic acid induced a more flattened phenotype.
The dramatic landscapes of the Georgian Bay Islands National Park, a particular favorite of the Group of Seven, now attract fishermen, scuba divers, and other watersports enthusiasts.
A gift form identifying particular areas of need is attached for your reference.
Alternatively, they could also function as phosphoesterases that hydrolyze particular nucleoside polyphosphates.
In addition to the tier, each feature is associated with a particular data 'type'.
A proliferative response was counted as positive if the average counts for a particular peptide were three times higher than the control levels.
In particular, little is known about the means by which Ptc exerts its inhibitory effect on Smo, or how Smo communicates with the cytoplasmic Ci/Gli transcription factor complex.
All this considered, the results of independent application of computational and experimental techniques tend to be complementary, and useful in adding or reducing confidence in the biological conclusions of a particular study.
The NSPS are technology-based numerical performance standards that apply to all sources in a particular source category, such as electric utility steam generating units or stationary gas turbines.
The probability of getting a particular base at a particular position is given by:
But I doubt this particular dishonesty will keep him out of heaven, since it is imposed on every politician--and even every clergyman with ambitions.
But look closely at what Ebert says: To be reminded of the power of film as a medium is not quite the same as being moved by a particular film, and Bringing Out the Dead is, for all its hectic pacing and breakneck intensity, an oddly unmoving experience.
In particular, a protein with a mutation in the EH surface (V80E) could bind with high affinity (K d = 2 nM) to a protein with a mutation in the ML surface (A61D) to form a heterodimer with a native interface.
A frequent mistake is the failure to dose-escalate a particular cathartic.
Depletion of amino acids as opposed to other nutrients such as glucose and vitamins was shown to be responsible for shutting down growth and cell division and initiating the developmental program [ 19 20 21 ] . Although substantial progress on the regulation of the initiation of development in Dictyostelium has been made [ 15 16 17 18 ] , how the cells sense starvation and in particular amino acid deprivation is unknown.
It is probable that the δ-OR in C6 glioma cells also acts as its own platform for the binding of Shc, etc., since the δ-OR also undergoes agonist-mediated tyrosine phosphorylation in this particular cell line (Kramer et al.
These characteristics are somewhat similar to that of African-Americans but are in contrast with those of non-Hispanic Whites in the USA, thus heightening the interest in the role of genetic factors in the etiology of breast cancer in general, and in people of African origin in particular [ 3 5 ] .
Many of the recent life and work recaps emphasize Kubrick's famous idiosyncrasies: 1) his reclusiveness (though Time 's Richard Schickel was apparently an intimate); 2) his obsessiveness (he was known, wrote Roger Ebert in the Chicago Sun-Times , to call projectionists personally and complain about how his film was being shown in a particular theater); and 3) maniacal attention to detail (scores of takes were the norm).
In this particular case, Prudie hopes your friend does not get Dutch elm disease.
Multiple taxation is seen as a particular threat.
This retreading of English, this adjusting of it, altering it, bandaging, and plastering it to promote a particular vision of society is the most widely perceived activity of feminists interested in language.
Given rates of change for each nucleotide at each codon position, determined jointly by selection, mutation, and the genetic code structure, we can predict the codon and amino-acid composition of a particular sequence from its overall compositional properties, without reference to related sequences.
This indifference does not, however, extend to particular kinds of Indians.
Some of the agencies featured links on their home pages notifying the public about particular regulatory issues of widespread public interest.
The amount ordered should be sufficient so that the number of units on hand plus those that are on order equal some “maximum” stocking quantity, S.13 For a particular item, our store buyer may reorder when the inventory level falls below s equals 4 units, in a quantity that brings the current inventory up to S equals 8 units.
But the agency has also become more sensitive to the details of particular products and markets.
In particular, attempts to detect endogenous sα i2 by immunofluorescence failed due to faint detection that showed drastically different patterns of staining depending upon fixation technique.
And there's the particular boost
The issue is very different: we want to rule out placebo effects (or the "meaning response" [ 34 ] ), meaning that we want exclude the possibility that the observed effect stemmed from the patient's belief that she was given a particular therapy.
The analysis consists of adjusting the data for mortality in the control, and then using a maximum likelihood technique to estimate the parameters of the underlying log tolerance distribution, which is assumed to have a particular shape.
Although automation of sewing operations is generally not cost effective, these innovations have made some inroads in particular segments.
In particular, the adoption of this diet is associated with a 23% (odds ratio = 0.77, Table 2) reduction of the coronary risk in subjects with the metabolic syndrome.
Depending on the decision to co-locate personnel and the flexibilities ultimately provided to the Administration in legislation--in particular a broad grant of transfer authority and the ability to staff through non-reimbursable agreements with other agencies-- these estimates may well change.
The high degree of conservation of the particular TOX-type HMG-box sequence is therefore likely to reflect a specific DNA and/or protein interaction that is important for function of this protein subfamily.
The labyrinth of narrow alleys constitutes several different “quarters,” each specializing in a particular skill or merchandise.
You see, poor Bob Solow is under the impression that he got the Nobel Prize for his work on technological change, in particular for his demonstration that technology, not capital accumulation, historically has been the main driving force in economic growth.
But allowing that the language is well adapted to a stenographer's very private diary and of its particular time and place, we find little that is obscurely archaic in its style.
This applies in particular to essays such as Anne Bodine's on “Androcentrism in prescriptive grammar: singular `they,' sex-indefinite `he,' and `he or she.
By comparison to adherent cells such as fibroblasts, less work has been done within the formed elements of the blood, in particular, studies addressing the role played by Rho in the maintenance of T lymphocyte cytoarchitecture.
This particular list wasn't following a 12 step philosophy--it was something called Moderation Management; and one of the people who called the FBI was an AA advocate.
In some cases, respondents had questions about the specific reporting requirements or requested clarification on particular items.
From Professor Bailey's, we quote the following, which pretty much sums up his attitude toward language in general and English in particular:
What happened in the Senate, the papers report, is that in successive votes to force floor consideration of two campaign reform measures--one simply a ban of the unregulated campaign use of donations made to the national political parties ("soft money"), the other a broader bill that also would have tightened rules about "issue ads" that actually function in support of particular candidates--the pro forces achieved slim majorities, but fell short of the 60 votes required to cut off a filibuster against the measures.
In particular, since Rlk can be associated with detergent-insoluble RAFTs, it is possible that a change in subcellular localization or associations may contribute to the decrease in Rlk protein.
In addition, GAO may determine that the particular sensitivity of a draft report's information or recommendations requires restrictive comment procedures.
In particular, the security managers believed that adequate information was available to identify the most significant risks.
Every tripeptide, which occurs in a particular protein and in a particular position, may yield one possible conformation.
Although it has been known for some time that the frequencies of some codons and amino acids correlate with genome GC content [ 1], the causality has remained unclear: correlations could exist because selection for a particular codon or amino-acid usage produces a particular genome GC content, or because mutation towards a particular GC content determines codon and amino-acid usage according to combinatorial principles.
The important thing is the notion of thoroughness: the indexer must try to anticipate and provide for a variety of users' needs in an index; users do not seek the same sort of information, and the effort must be made to imagine the uses to which a particular work will be put, then to provide the users with as many access points to the information as can reasonably be expected.
The statements were intentionally not grouped by any particular theme.
The fact that an organization is profiled for a particular practice is not meant to imply success or lack of success in other dimensions.
The patch perfusion solutions were the same as the bath solutions, except for modified divalent and ATP concentrations as indicated for particular experiments.
Your particular law, or two, address problems fully worthy of a national fuss and Rose Garden signing ceremony.
We next synchronized GHFT1-5 cells in particular stages of the cell cycle.
True, I have written a great deal about AIDS vaccines, and I have a particular interest in the subject.
It allows one to extract a group of highly-connected, highly-correlated proteins from global data to isolate a sub-network of particular interest.
In particular: 1) The Postal Service itself owns and maintains many of the boxes-specifically those known as "cluster" boxes.
One economist tells the NYT he's worried that the cut indicates that some particular bank or investment firm is about to have a big problem, but the paper says there are no immediate signs of this.
The retablo is then placed in a church or a shrine devoted to that particular saint.
OMB's published guidance12 states that an agency should perform an assessment to evaluate the suitability of electronic signature alternatives for a particular application.
Using the Affymetrix software (Microarray Suite 4.0), each probe set was assigned an "average difference" value corresponding to the expression level of the particular gene it represents.
The second level of question that requires nongenomic information is: if water-channel activity is significant for a particular AQP, what is the role of this activity in a whole-plant context.
The Australian National Dictionary was published in that year and, for the first time, it has been possible to assemble and describe the set of lexical innovations used in one particular semantic field, that is, the words and meanings of words that register perceptions and utilizations of the Australian environment.
According to the Rochester team, the findings suggest that our language-learning abilities may have to do with our general cognitive prowess, not with any particular language "module."
Assessments of reliability should be made in the broader context of the particular characteristics of the engagement and the risk associated with the possibility of using data of insufficient reliability.
In the particular case of the Dodgers, of course, these lamentations were particularly inapposite, since the team is only in Los Angeles because Walter O'Malley made a coldblooded business decision in 1957 to abandon Brooklyn in favor of the sunnier clime of Chavez Ravine.
Other factors, such as GDNF [ 11 40 ] need to be investigated in their expression in these mutants and their functional role needs to be assessed, in particular in the cochlear apex.
In particular, if investment demand should fall for whatever reason--such as, say, a stock-market crash--the result would be an economy-wide slump.
Of particular concern to the company was the process required to clean an adhesive used in the automotive industry from chemical totes.
Yet, the particular German emphasis on these values would probably not appeal in the same measure to other European courts.
Tomato FPP was originally isolated in a yeast two hybrid screen with MAF1, a small plant-specific protein associated with the nuclear envelope [ 36 ] . Because the full Arabidopsis genome does not appear to contain genes for lamins, it is of particular interest to investigate which other long coiled-coil proteins might functionally replace lamins in the plant kingdom.
We have not stressed, in our analysis, the costs, feasibility, and timeliness of case studies, since these are management criteria that are considered in all designs rather than issues of particular concern to case studies.
We're only one season into The Sopranos , so it's a bit too early to say if this particular manifestation of mob art is influencing mob life, but I think it's fair to say that no one in actual organized crime would ever want to be hooked up with Tony Soprano's crew.
Eventually, regardless of where particular operations are carried out, the finished garments return to a central distribution center to be shipped to customers.
On the other hand, co-localization of a subset of OR genes in a particular genomic cluster might indicate their coordinate regulation and common biological function.
The actual amount of catalyst for any specific plant depends upon several parameters; in particular, the amount per MWe (measured in m3 per MWe) for a given level of reduction and lifetime will fall within a general range.
, adults age 30 and older), and the C-R relationship found in a particular study can not necessarily be generalized across broader age categories.
The evolutionary conservation of Tlr4 is of particular interest, in that different species show preferential responses to some LPS forms and not others [ 20, 21, 22, 23, 24], and have particular 'set points' for responses to toxic LPS molecules.
Cohen told the Commission that the notion of putting military personnel on the ground without some reasonable certitude that Bin Ladin was in a particular location would have resulted in the mission's failure and the loss of life in a fruitless effort.
In particular, we developed guidance,1 based on best practices in the public and private sectors.
There are two particular drawbacks to using absent/present calls for this type of analysis.
This non-syntenic association can arise either as a result of random fixation of alleles on different chromosomes during the production of RI strains or can arise as a result of selection for particular combinations of alleles on different chromosomes.
Frequent infection with herpesviruses has long been recognized in patients undergoing allogeneic transplantation [ 7 8 ] and in patients with acute leukemia [ 1 2 ] . In patients with acute leukemia it has been reported that as many as two thirds of seropositive patients can develop reactivation of herpes simplex virus infection during remission induction therapy [ 26 ] . The risk of CMV infection in acute leukemia patients was recognized almost 30 years ago [ 27 ] but is of particular concern in patients undergoing allogeneic transplantation [ 2 28 ] . EBV infection is frequently associated with post-transplantation lymphoproliferative disorders in T cell-depleted grafts [ 29 ] . As recently reported, HHV-6 can also be associated with bone marrow supression [ 30 ] , encephalitis and pneumonitis [ 7 8 ] after allogeneic transplantation.
However, isolating particular receptors that contribute to the effects of clozapine might be useful in designing neuroleptics that may avoid these side effects or in providing an adjunct therapy to relieve some of the side effects.
--Regulatory user fees are charges based on the Government's power to regulate particular businesses or activities.
Of particular note are c-Raf, ERK2, and JAK1.
In particular, there was a significantly higher prevalence of radiographic erosions in the anti-Sa-positive RA patients compared with the rest of the RA population, despite the fact that the anti-Sa-positive patients had received significantly higher doses of prednisone and more disease modifying antirheumatic drug therapy.
But then, I can understand that particular confusion.
Search for articles that ran on or around a particular date.
Many readers, however, were quick to tell us they regarded one particular change--a reduction in the type size of "Dispatches & Dialogues"--anything but friendly.
Conferees' answers to four questions (how to build collaborative relationships in rural environments; how to balance resources between urban and rural communities; how to achieve world-class delivery systems for rural clients; and how to expand resources for rural delivery) led to a list of broad recommendations for LSC and the legal services community, with particular emphasis on the development of a national voice for rural legal services.
-1, where μ is the mean frequency of introns for positions in a particular exon and x is the target number of introns present at a particular position, allows the calculation of expected numbers of positions containing a particular number of introns.
But in particular, officers, soldiers and sea men receive pension when they are disabled for further services.
In particular, it was assumed that a natural taxonomic system for microorganisms was feasible [ 2 ] . The goal of a natural taxonomic system is the formation of taxonomic groups that are defined by shared ancestry [ 3 ] . By definition, an ancestor that defines a monophyletic group can only give rise to members of this group.
As discussed, ANOVA does not allow one to directly distinguish between effects due to particular levels of one parameter.
Base focus: This event is used to center a display of the genomic sequence on a particular base.
In particular, there is controversy on the issues of dehydration in sedation for existential suffering [ 24 ] . The increasing acceptance and use of "terminal sedation" [ 25 ] in end-of-life care makes it necessary to scrutinize guidelines, which may help to continuously consider and reconsider the needs and wishes of patients and surrogates, as well as intentions and concerns of caregivers.
The problem is that boards like AskMe.com don't do a good job of matching lawyers who are licensed in a particular jurisdiction (or, in the case of LawGuy1975, licensed at all) with clients in the same area.
In western Washington [ 34 ] , women residing outside the Seattle area were less likely to have BCS than women residing inside the county, in particular if radiation therapy facilities were not available in their county.
It is therefore possible that although only a small fraction of a particular transcript associates with the cytoskeleton, these localized molecules might actually represent the actively translated subpopulation.
That is, MEME decides during the motif identification whether or not to include a sequence; the numbers of sequences that MEME used for the alignments are given in Tables 2and 4. We observed that MEME is rather restrictive in deciding whether to use a particular sequence or not; thus, the number of sequences in any given motif alignment is rather small, and searching for binding sites as described below resulted in larger numbers of sequences with a particular motif.
But the trend, the Journal says, doesn't just signify the surge of a particular market sector--rather it shows the rising degree to which online investors are influencing the market.
In particular the location and implementation of the nonlinear multiplicative interaction between the input channels remains elusive as outlined above.
Most of the new conservative groups, by contrast, have particular ideological agendas.
In particular, it does not show that the two binding sites are, in reality, overlapping.
Dole could never have predicted that in this, his grimmest hour, after all these years of morosely pursuing the presidency, he would come to enjoy as his particular friend a chronically cheery former footballer who could broadcast an enthusiasm for gimcrack economic theory in such a way that one could not tell if he was embracing it or mocking it.
White et al . [ 19] used a likelihood-ratio test to determine whether word frequencies from a particular sequence more closely resemble the frequency distribution of control data sets from the taxon being sequenced or a distantly related outgroup.
The existing Section 408 is revised to provide that a permit application covering a unit in a particular trading program must be submitted to the permitting authority in accordance with the deadline established under Title V, rather than the deadline (e.g.
But maybe, just maybe, in some circuitous and stealthy way, Not-Knowing will play its part in revising that lapse, prompting young readers in particular to seek out the best work of an American original, part philosophe and part banana.
These six values represented a dataset for a single biopsy (patient) stained for a particular marker.
This may prove useful for target samples containing very low concentrations of these particular transcripts.
It is important that in the absence of ureterolithiasis, particular care should be taken to rule out alternative diagnosis for flank pain.
Inside is displayed a rather curious collection of early German hunting portraits and landscapes, among which can be found some remarkable paintings, in particular a series of panels depicting the Passion Cycle by Lucas Cranach.
Yet, given the size of the problem, the acknowledged concern and initiatives undertaken to address diabetes on a national level and for the native Canadian population in particular, it is surprising that there is so little available Canadian information about the cost of the complications of diabetes, particularly at a level detailed enough to be meaningful to decision makers or those doing economic analyses.
We have paid particular attention to the conventional wisdom that case studies are always subjective and nongeneralizable.
The Competitors (in no particular order):
The way the program works is this: one uses the cursor to highlight a particular word for which synonyms are desired.
As previously noted, agencies sometimes provided electronic access to docket information for particular rules.
[ 24 ] Additionally, case studies are especially useful when context is key to understanding a particular phenomenon and we deem it useful to understand that phenomenon - in this case source reduction for hazard prevention - through its embodiment in particular cases.
As a result, except for the media business, where many large companies are still owned by individuals or families, most powerful U.S. corporations have fit a particular model.
Will the customer buy a substitute item if a particular item is out of stock or return to the same store at a later date to purchase the item when it is again in stock?
I would argue that this particular signpost does not occur frequently enough in the book.
This observation is consistent with the observation made in Lonnstedt and Speed [ 1 ] that the particular version of SAM, which always uses the 90% percentile, will pass the Bayes method when the number of false positives is allowed to grow large.
At least some unusual aspects of this tree's the topology could be explained by horizontal transfer of operons between particular bacterial and archaeal lineages.
As a result, the full manual alignment contains small blocks of residues that are well aligned throughout the EPK family, punctuated by blocks of residues that are aligned within particular subfamilies but not throughout the rest of the EPK family.
The same adjustment of variables was applied in logistic regression models to compare the likelihood that a sepsis patient at a particular center received an intervention and experienced a complication, arbitrarily choosing center #1 as the reference center.
Scalia's argument goes like this: As judges persist in bending the law, the majority of the moment will begin to insist ever more stridently on judges of its particular ideological stripe.
If not, then the decoder merely transforms a bit string sent along a communication channel into some other discrete or continuous dynamics  perhaps a set of water-filled bowls is drained by turning on a machine that opens valves between the bowls and to the outside world in particular ways.
It is well suited to detecting particular genes whose expression varies between experiments.
, a transcription factor or a histone exhibiting a particular covalent modification).
Figure 2cexamines the response of codons to GC content across individual genes within sample genomes representing all three domains of life: eukaryotes ( Drosophila ), bacteria ( Synechocystis ), and archaea ( Archaeoglobus ). The codon frequency in individual genes seems to be predictable on the basis of the overall GC content of the coding sequences: the relative GC content of individual codons explains about half the variance in response in their absolute frequencies within each coding sequence (that is, the presence or absence of a particular codon depends on the extent to which alternative synonyms of more 'suitable' GC content exist).
Both these departments are updated with new material two or three times a week, very approximately, on no set schedule and at no particular time of day or night.

An early version of this sort of thing that I recall with particular pleasure was Mad magazine's East Side Story --that being the location of the United Nations.
In The New Yorker , Gore Vidal defends Seymour Hersh's Kennedy-bashing book: "The fact that [Hersh has] found more muck in this particular Augean stable than most people want to acknowledge is hardly his fault."
In particular, as clustering methods attempt to maximize the separation between clusters, the ordinary significance tests such as analysis of variance F -tests are not valid for testing differences between the clusters.
"It definitely helps us sell our products," says Peter Paris, a spokesman for SmithKline Beecham, maker of Nicoderm, "because it provides the consumer with a more credible resource behind this particular product."
While not catalyzed by any particular event, the Pentagon's action reflects a variety of security concerns, including the online availability of personal data about servicemen.
Do they co-localize when expressed in a particular cell type?
This makes the complaints of journalists in particular about Microsoft getting into the journalism business especially puzzling.
We then consider the mechanical properties of myosin-II that have been measured using modern biophysical tools [ 11 12 13 14 ] to estimate how much myosin-II would be required to generate a particular amount of force.
For a given total GC content, the expected frequency of a particular base at a particular position is estimated directly from its regression line, which is based on two parameters (the slope and the intercept).
Each region of Greece has its own particular songs and dances.
A particular strength of such studies is the fact that potential confounding variables such as socio-economic status, occupation, and smoking do not vary on a day-to-day basis in an individual area.
One restaurant in particular draws folks — Durgin Park, which offers Yankee cuisine, communal dining, and tough no-nonsense waitresses.
In particular, this model predicts a delay between channel activation and dye uptake and this delay should be directly proportional to the molecular size of the permeating dye.
An electronic signature is a method of signing an electronic message that (1) identifies and authenticates a particular person as the source of the electronic message and (2) indicates such person's approval of the information contained in the electronic message.
In response to inquiries from agencies not involved in a particular ongoing review, GAO will provide information only about the objectives, scope, and methodology of the review; the source of the work (i.e.
Identifying those groups of biologically related genes that are showing a large number of gene-expression changes will create an informative description of the biology that is occurring in a particular dataset, making it possible to generate new hypotheses and identify those specific areas of biology that warrant more detailed investigation.
As these concerns surfaced, LSC decided as an initial step to reissue the 1993 CSR Handbook in May 1998, providing additional guidance on particular areas that were considered to be most prone to error.
In particular, a small business commenter argued that the proposed flexibility in the use of the CMRS bands not be extended to cellular providers initially in order to give Personal Communications Service (PCS) licensees an opportunity to establish themselves.
The bizarre bit is that this particular quotation--Clinton "rises to the occasion" during important presidential moments--seems noticeably ordinary.
The case study was useful for readers interested in what a particular program was like or what happened to a typical beneficiary.
Put another way, population heterozygote advantage may appear due to a combination of the two distinct mechanisms we defined in the Introduction: the protective or detrimental effects of particular alleles (R and S alleles in our model), and the effects of heterozygosity itself.
In particular, for Clest, the maximum value of the d 
As in Bali, different areas specialize in particular crafts, but until recently it all happened behind closed doors.
But this particular proposal is a stinker, says Margaret Carlson ( Capital Gang ), because it offers parents a mere token of tax relief ($37 per year).
Traditional print magazines know exactly how many copies they sell, though they have no idea how many people actually read a particular article or see a particular ad.
Generally aware that terrorism had changed since the first Bush administration, they paid particular attention to the question of how counterterrorism policy should be coordinated.
Tiger and LTCM are still around, but they are no longer as central to the world financial picture as they were--which means that the particular sort of vicious circles that brought the world to the brink a year ago are less likely to happen today.
In particular, the bust bears traces of "three small swellings on the nasal corner of the left eye"--swellings that are evident on the death mask as well.
The court was hearing the first of three cases that seek to define disability under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, in particular, whether the act applies to a person who can restore normal functioning by, for example, taking medication or wearing glasses.
Case studies are also a particular mode of social science investigation that is especially appropriate to intervention research.
This is due to problems faced by representation of alien farmworkers generally, as well as by difficulties particular to the H-2A program.
This particular locus (Xq28) encompasses genes that are believed to be subject to X inactivation.
Numerous studies have been able to show that PBMCs and B-cells in particular can have expression of viral transcript and/or antigen [ 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 ] however, other studies have been contradictory [ 40 42 ] and therefore no consensus among the observations noted.
Most of the previous studies on the physiological functions PLDs have concentrated on the role of its product, PA [ 7 ] . Our data show that PLD has a dual function in cholinergic cells, as the second product of its activity, choline, is used as a metabolic precursor of ACh, and suggest that this pathway may be regulated by the type of PLD isoform expressed in a particular class of cholinergic neurons.
Was it absolutely necessary to use that particular word?
Note: As explained in the introduction to this appendix, transactions that are classified as producing gains or losses should instead be classified as producing revenue or expense if they are usual and recurring for a particular reporting entity.
So, it was with particular pleasure that today, as I do every day, I padded across the floors of my suburban Long Island home in my color-coordinated L.L.
In particular, on chromosome 4q25, ANK2 is located between EGF and FGF2, and EGF is proximal to FGF2; this gene ordering is supported both by the Human BAC Accession Map [ 22] and direct HTGS-to-GB4 RH mapping.
In situ hybridization and immunolocalization of ERα and ERβ in a variety of reproductive tract tissues in males and females have shown that in most instances either ERα or ERβ is expressed in a particular cell type, although some cell types, e.g., Leydig cells, ovarian surface epithelium, and epithelial and stromal cells of the uterus and breast, may show expression of both ERs [ 39 40 41 ] . However, since only a proportion of cells were detected to express ERα or ERβ in a single color immunohistochemistry [ 42 ] , such an approach cannot demonstrate coexpression of the ERs in a particular cell, nor indicate eventual transition from one ER subtype to another during differentiation.
In particular, if experimental bias and noise effects can be excluded, this region may prove to offer the optimum for ovarian cancer diagnostic test development.
Before moving on, a quick course in molecular biology: All living creatures, from viruses on up, pull off the feat of self-replication by encoding the necessary information in nucleic acids--in particular the double-stranded DNA discovered by Crick and Watson or, for a few renegade viruses, single-stranded RNA or even single-stranded DNA.
The fit of the model to S is accomplished by defining the probability of a particular segmentation T of S as
The particular mission of these institutions--training new doctors, developing new methods, treating the poor--is paid for not by patient fees but by federal funds, and cuts have been severe.
The government wants to know how many blacks and other minorities live in particular sections of the country.
Should the buyer base her prediction on sales of only this particular size and style or would it be more accurate to look at the sales of all jeans in this style and then multiply by the percent of all jean styles sold that were size-8 long?
From time to time a particular post would push one way, or headquarters would urge someone to do something.
These regions are labeled to show the minimum and maximum numbers of nucleotides present in that region in the group under study ( e.g., [0-179] indicates that all sequences in the group contain a minimum of zero nucleotides but not more than 179 nucleotides in a particular variable region).
In particular, there are positions where sudden discontinuities arise.
The Latin term ex voto means “from a vow,” so the ex-voto is specifically created to complete a vow made to a particular saint.
Of particular note, the level of expression of hCARΔcyt was not significantly lower for double-negative and double-positive thymocyte populations in line hCARΔcyt.CD2.
ets-1, ets-2 and ese-1/esx . Smad7 was of particular interest as it belongs to the inhibitory Smads, which can counteract TGFβ-induced gene activation [ 23 ] . The response of the smad7 gene to TGFβ is unusually rapid [ 24 ] which is believed to stem from the peculiar nature of the Smad7 promoter that contains a "perfect" Smad binding site [ 25 ] . Another inhibitory Smad protein is Smad6.
Studies have yet to resolve all the mechanisms of action of LC-PUFA, in particular the remarkable phenotypic differences between populations that consume different quantities of fish and fish oil in their diets [ 1 2 3 4 5 ] . Dietary LC-PUFA affect processes including: growth, neurological development, lean and fat mass accretion, reproduction, innate and acquired immunity, infectious pathologies of viruses, bacteria and parasites; and the incidence and severity of virtually all chronic and degenerative diseases including cancer, atherosclerosis, stroke, arthritis, diabetes, osteoporosis, and neurodegenerative, inflammatory, and skin diseases [ 6 7 8 9 10 11 ] . Due to lack of mechanistic knowledge, predictions for optimal intake of nutritionally important LC-PUFA remain vague and dietary recommendations simply relate to prevention of overt deficiency.
MARKET VALUE - (1) The estimated amount that can be realized by disposing of an item through arm's length transactions in the marketplace; the price (usually representative) at which bona fide sales have been consummated for products of like kind, quality, and quantity in a particular market at any moment of time.
We found that AAT repeats in particular, have a relatively low level of non-integer alleles.
Thus, the assignment of specific functions to particular subclasses of K +channel proteins represents a significant challenge [ 4 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 ] .
In addition, NERC allows members to create committees designed to solve particular problems or support ongoing efforts, such as standards setting and critical infrastructure protection.
Regardless of this, this particular probe was still able to distinguish differential expression of the H +-ATPase gene in heart and brain tissue.
These results can help to elucidate the mechanism by which SHRs in general, and AR in particular, regulate gene expression.
With Tarzan monopolizing the highest and lowest rungs of the Chain of Being, the "natives" find themselves deprived of the one asset that racist mythology attributed to them, closeness to the animals, leaving them without any particular function in the economy of kitsch literature, except to be rescued by Tarzan from rogue elephants and the occasional witch doctor.
It's widely reported that the Republicans are winning all the particular votes on this matter--with the Clinton grand jury video expected to be made public by the weekend.
As a Rhode Islander, I naturally paid particular attention to Mr. Champlin's article, Language at Bay [XXI,3].
Recent studies of the structure of the dcw cluster suggest that, in this particular case, conservation of gene order within the cluster may be linked to cellular morphology, thus connecting gene order with a selectable phenotype [ 16].
A reference standard (also called "gold standard") is a measure accepted by consensus of content experts as the best available for determining the presence or absence of a particular phenomenon.
Quota sampling assumes that the answers of a particular demographic group such as white, 18-to-25-year-old Internet users can be projected to describe the opinions of white 18-to-25-year-olds at large.
It is clear that collocations dictionaries and synonym differentiators may not exist at all in a particular language community: in fact, very few language communities can boast of such resources.
He displays no particular intelligence.
Across the nation (and, to a lesser extent, around the world) are a handful of people whose passion for birds in particular, and the magnificence of living things in general, holds them apart from the rest of society.
Certain prostaglandins are required for female reproduction and kidney function [ 3 4 5 ] . Because of its important role in controlling levels of arachidonic acid (AA), much attention has been focused on the regulation of cPLA 2 activation, with particular emphasis on the role of its phosphorylation and Ca 2+-mediated translocation [ 6 7 8 ] .
For a particular treatment group, a gene was considered to have differentially modulated expression where the fold-change in expression exceeded 1.3.
As noted above, the LSC case count for 1999 includes all cases that meet LSC eligibility criteria, regardless of the funding mix of any particular grantee.
The level of β-actin, in particular, is known to be altered through the stimulation of kainate receptors [ 35].
It is clear from Figure 8that L1s are neither concentrated in nor excluded from any particular cytogenetic band.
Citizens are able to register to be placed on the listserver for particular topics.
The probability of getting a particular base at a particular position is given by:
The standards and guidance in this Statement do not apply to deposit funds except insofar as a particular deposit fund may be classified as part of a Federal reporting entity or a disclosure may be required due to a fiduciary relationship on the part of a Federal reporting entity toward a deposit fund.
The gene expression values for replicates of a particular tissue sample measured at the same scanner setting and on the same chip generation (HG-U95A) gave a very high correlation of 0.99 (Exp 1, Table 1).
Affirmative action in particular cries out for such moral and legal nuance.
Typically, these programs result in the frequent delivery of small quantities of items to the retailer—it would not be uncommon for a blue jeans manufacturer to ship a carton of one dozen blue jeans of mixed styles and sizes to a particular store.
We incorporated this new understanding of government into the Thirteenth Amendment, which declared boldly that the particular kind of evil that had led to war would never again exist in the United States.
Furthermore, there were modest correlations between individual cells that expressed particular cytokines, such as IL-10, and certain chemokine receptor mRNAs.
However, polonies seem well suited for this type of analysis since several hundred to several million [ 2 ] polonies for a particular gene can be analyzed on a single slide, thereby increasing the likelihood of detecting a rare event [ 22 ] . Additionally, the frequency of mutations can be readily determined using this approach due to the "digital" nature of polonies.
It is so distinctly regional, and it is peculiar to its particular region as is the language through which it is expressed.
Every tripeptide, which occurs in a particular protein and in a particular position, may yield one possible conformation.
In particular, the early-light induced proteins are homologous to LHCPs but bind little if any Chl b [ 46 ] . The mechanism of Chl b synthesis, an oxidation of the methyl group at position 7 [ 41 ] , will be an area of active research in the future, now that the gene for Chl(ide) a oxidase has been identified [ 47 48 ] . Moreover, it is not known whether a pool of free Chl b exists in a local environment in chloroplast membranes that is mimicked by the amount of Chl
They argue that criminals should be punished for their crimes, not for their motives, and that making a particular belief--even a repugnant one--a factor in sentencing violates the First Amendment.
We chose a random primer labeling scheme so that oligonucleotide probe design would not be restricted to any particular region of the mRNA molecule.
These results suggest that, at least in part, the difference between keloid and palmar fibroblasts may be due to particular levels of TGFβ1-pathway related proteins at nonglabrous vs. glabrous sites.
Variation among states in the rate of such "missing returns" was of particular concern.
That is, when no particular information was available, we may assume that the same proportion of patients (80%) among the 24 (d)dropouts would have also responded, had they completed six months.
Rigorous analytic methods were developed, focused in particular on the Soviet Union, and several leading practitioners within the intelligence community discussed them with us.
The strong spiritual faith in the power of particular saints was frowned upon by the American church and considered to be an “exaggerated superstitious” belief (Dolan and Hinojosa, 57).
These contributions, were not, as was originally thought, designed to influence the outcomes of particular races such as Clinton's, but, says the paper, were part of a broad campaign to acquire American high technology.
In a statistical analysis of toxicity data, the choice of a particular analysis and the ability to detect departures from the assumptions of the analysis, such as the normal distribution of the data and homogeneity of variance, is also dependent on the number of replicates.
Although the report focuses attention on the huge gap between the top fifth of income-earning families and the bottom fifth, a gap worthy of Brazil, the more striking numbers delineate the widening gap between the top fifth of income earners (and, within that group, the top 5 percent in particular) and everyone else.
We assume that the mutant differs from the wild type in a surface protein necessary for cell entry, so that the fitness difference between two virions is solely determined by the surface proteins, and not by the particular genomes they carry.
) Sprawled on a motel sofa, fielding awestruck questions from a couple of junior FBI agents, Pistone expounds on the meaning of the phrase "Fuh-get about it" (which, depending on one's inflection, can signal fatalistic acceptance, doomed resignation, murderous rage, enthusiastic agreement, or nothing in particular) in a speech that will live long in the hearts of gangster-movie mavens.
The text is organized into ten chapters titled “The Lexicon for Bodily Effluvia, Sex, and Tabooed Body-Parts,” “Euphemisms in Addressing and Naming,” “Taboo Terms as Insults, Epithets, and Expletives,” and so on; without a word and phrase index, access to particular expressions is denied, thus reducing the usefulness of the work.
In particular, mutations of genes regulating cell adhesion molecules have been reported to be metastasis-fostering alterations [ 5 6 7 8 ] . In human breast cancers, several other genes have been found to be associated with metastasis, namely nm23 [ 9 10 ] , KAI1 [ 11 12 ] , mta1 [ 13 ] , KiSS1 [ 14 ] , PTEN/MMAC1 [ 15 16 ] and BRMS1 [ 17 ] .
Each table has a fixed set of columns (also called fields) and usually corresponds to a particular concept in the domain being modeled.
Thus, while the catalytic activities of both PLD1 and PLD2 appear to be equivalent in generating choline for ACh synthesis in transfected cells, it is possible that the modes of regulation of their activity might specify which one is expressed in a particular population of cholinergic neurons in vivo.
Favorite topics of the paper are, of course, the shortcomings of capitalism in general and the United States in particular, with much attention paid to racism in the United States, violence and drugs in U.S. schools, and corruption in the U.S. government.
The former 80% is a wrong summary number; the latter is an estimate of the quantity of interest with a particular assumption about the missing data.
Have you ever set the dials in your head to register with maximum sensitivity any new encounter with a particular word or phrase?
I have a good many volumes of N. & Q. in my possession; but it often takes a long while to find any particular number, owing to the impossibility of keeping things in their places in a room of limited size, when books are being sent to me from many places all the year round.
The application of USM as a tool for measuring scale-independent discrete sequence similarity and its particular application to genomics and proteomics exploits a distance metric providing an estimate of the length of similar regions surrounding a pair of symbols.
The extent to which epithelial cells are stimulated to differentiate by mesenchymal cells is dependent on the extent to which the particular tissue differentiates during the critical period of development [ 9].
A young black man is more likely to be a mugger than a young white man--but the assumption that any particular young black man is a mugger will usually be wrong.
But if Drudge passes on a particular story, there are few other columnists--in print or on the Web--who have the inclination and audience to break a tabloid tale out to mainstream readers.
In particular, take a peek at the Arlington Theater; the inside was designed to mimic a Spanish-style courtyard at dusk, including a star-filled sky.
A second, distinct but compatible hypothesis was suggested by Doherty and Zinkernagel soon after their discovery of MHC restriction: since each MHC allele provides an infected individual with the ability to present a particular set of antigens, individuals who are heterozygous (say, genotype XY) at a particular MHC locus may mount a more vigorous immune response to a given infection, resulting in a better outcome, than individuals who are homozygous for either of the corresponding alleles (XX or YY) [ 4 ] .
Also, the degree of nuclear order appears to depend on the particular cell type [ 18].
They also include interactions of mesenchymal cells themselves either in lamina propria, in association with microvasculature adjacent to the basement membrane, or in epithelium, in association with particular stage of differentiation of epithelial cells.
For genes selected as either increased or decreased in a particular RCCa subtype both samples had to show concordance in their fold-change and difference call, and both samples from the other subtype had to have a difference call of no change (NC) or a call that was opposite to that of the first subtype.
In Kraków and Warsaw, there are numerous branches, all with different stock, so it pays to visit a few if you’re looking for a particular item.
The role of the γ 1 subunit in Ca 2+channel function is of particular interest given the discovery of a second γ subunit, γ 2 or stargazin , which is expressed in neurons and is responsible for the stargazer mutation in mice [ 17].
The people on whose behalf David Gates is pleading--Quentin Tarantino, Lorrie Moore, Beck--would not be happy to know that their particular slant on life expresses the universal human condition.
Finally, the anticipated completion of the B6 genome sequence and deeper sequence coverage of the D2 and A/J genomes, in particular, if carried out would remove the last remaining obstacles to virtually complete in silico discovery of gene variants for the several hundred QTLs identified using these strains.
These results can add more light to the mechanism by which SHRs, and AR in particular, regulate gene expression.
Search for articles by a particular author, or get a list of all Slate authors;
They said that (1) agencies need to be able to design their procedures to fit their particular circumstances (e.g.
Figure 2cshows that different 5' ends lead to differing 5' introns and exons, while not changing the protein sequence in this particular example.
In particular, his ruling treats Microsoft as a textbook example of the idea that a monopolist can use its control of one market to give itself control over another, and that it can use the profits--"immense profits," Jackson calls them--reaped as a result of its monopoly to fund the domination of another.
It suggests, in particular, that what might seem to a naive commentator like a natural conclusion--if productivity growth in the steel industry reduces the number of jobs for steelworkers, then productivity growth in the economy as a whole reduces employment in the economy as a whole--may well involve a crucial fallacy of composition.
After identifying the findings of particular interest, case studies would be conducted in sites selected to maximize the ability to get the specific understanding required.
Here, receiver operating characteristic curves describe the ability of a particular parameter (e.g.
Of particular note, probe 3B (corresponding to Stanniocalcin) detected primarily the lower isoform (1.
A particular challenge is how to obtain good estimates of the variances of gene expression levels from a small number of replicates.
The overlapping nature of the sets of coregulated genes supports the ability of the cell to customize the emergent genomic expression program to the particular needs of the cell, while minimizing the number of regulators required to produce each genomic expression program.
The fact that an organization is profiled for a particular practice is not meant to imply the organization's success or lack of success in meeting other practices.
The correction of GFP-myosin-II images by ratio imaging makes a significant difference to the perceived distribution of myosin-II within the cell; in particular, myosin-II is more concentrated in the cell cortex and in the cleavage furrow cortex than is suggested by uncorrected GFP-myosin-II images alone (Figure 1).
If an agent were discovered that induced regression of a particular precancer, there would be no organized precancer classification prompting anyone to select biologically related lesions likely to respond to the same agent.
§§ 352, 360, 360h, 360i, 360j, 371, 374 and 393) as authority for the rule and in particular, the device provisions of the Act, including the restricted device authority in section 520(e) of the Act.
In particular, if compensatory mutations are an increasing fraction of all viable mutations as the distribution moves away from a local fitness peak, then they will affect the shape of the decay function (Fig.
The level of nucleotide identity seen between LTRs of a particular element, usually referred to as intra-element percent LTR nucleotide identity (%LNI), can be used in determining the relative ages of LTR retrotransposon families [ 7].
I offer my findings in the hopes that fellow readers and media followers will be able to see some light in this particular thicket, as I think I can myself discern now.
Although the proposed resampling methods are applicable to general clustering problems and procedures, particular attention is given to the clustering of tumors on the basis of gene-expression data using the partitioning around medoids (PAM) procedure (see below).
This information has helped to identify those genes expressed in particular stages of development and in specialized tissues or organs [ 6, 7, 8, 9, 10].
As always, from the evidence available, there is no obvious reason why this particular family should have produced that particular psychoanalyst.
-1, where μ is the mean frequency of introns for positions in a particular exon and x is the target number of introns present at a particular position, allows the calculation of expected numbers of positions containing a particular number of introns.
Four of Daitokuji’s Zen subtemples in particular offer superb gardens, teahouses, and artifacts.
Bin Ladin paid particular attention to the 1999 training session.
Well, I can't speak for the others, but I have no particular aversion to admitting that the economy can change and that old rules sometimes don't apply.
The best part of the Peabody Museum of Archeology and Ethnology Museum is the Hall of North American Indians, which focuses on ten different tribes, their particular lifestyles and how they are differentiated from each other.
In particular, huge sums are being invested abroad to establish overseas nest eggs for honest Hong Kong businessmen just in case Hong Kong ends up looking like the rest of China, and no doubt to establish similar nest eggs for corrupt Chinese officials just in case the rest of China ends up looking like Hong Kong.
In addition to the dental instruction provided students will be introduced to the objectives of community health centers, with particular emphasis on the work of People's Health Center.
In particular, the short half-lives of mRNAs encoding M-phase proteins and other key cell-cycle regulators (for example, c-Myc) may contribute to the cytotoxicity of flavopiridol for cancer cells but may also contribute to the dose-limiting toxicity of flavopiridol for gut epithelium, leading to secretory diarrhea [ 16].
In particular, M2 assumes that the viable sequences at distance d that belong to the neutral network of the reference sequence have the same neutrality as those that do not belong to that network.
LSC, therefore, required its grantees to begin to examine, on a statewide level, how all grantees in a particular state would serve in the present, and plan to serve in the future, the civil legal needs of low-income persons.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair's relationship with President Clinton continued to be the subject of widespread discussion in the European press, which showed particular interest in Blair's proposal--supported by Clinton--for a worldwide alliance of center-left political parties led by the Democrats and the British Labor Party.
My fascination here is not that one must take any particular meaning from the play of the two stories, but that, as with a work of art, one can.
The dorsal horn also showed diffuse staining that could not be associated with particular cells but was limited to the dorsal horn and did not extent to the intermediate grey matter (Fig 3B).
TRANSACTION - A particular kind of external event involving the transfer of something of value concerning two or more entities.
Hybrid toxin 4109 is particular useful in this context, because it is comprised of domains I and II from Cry1Aa and domain III from Cry1Ac (Aa/Aa/Ac) [ 3 ] . Hybrid-toxin 4109 binding to both receptors was not noticeably different from Cry1Aa: for APN binding, k a = 1.9 × 10 4M -1s -1(+/- 1.4 × 10 2), k d = 1.5 × 10 -3s -1(+/- 1.6 × 10 -5), and K D = 78 nM; for cadherin binding, k a = 1.3 × 10 4M -1s -1(+/- 2 × 10 2), k d = 3.34 × 10 -5s -1(+/- 2 × 10 -5), and K D = 2.6 nM.
The combined effect of these components equals the effective interest, which is directly defined as the present value of the loans receivable times the Treasury interest rate applicable to the particular loans (i.e.
The apparatus of the vice-presidency is too much to overcome, even this particular vice-presidency.
An acidic residue at the beginning of strand 3 and a patch of large and acidic residues at the extreme amino terminus of the PRC-barrel that is specific to the RimM proteins are of particular interest in this regard (Figure 3).
Of particular interest to the Commission was the situation of seasonal agricultural workers, a category that includes both aliens from the unrestricted categories (such as permanent resident aliens) and H-2A workers.
) More important, it has the Farrellys' characteristic mix of misery and brightness: Whenever the view of the working poor threatens to become oppressively self-pitying, the filmmakers pull something nutty out of their hat--a scam, a bit of stoner dialogue, a jolt of rock 'n' roll--to prove that this particular end only looks dead.
We utilized a monoclonal antibody screening method involving co-immunoprecipitation of integrins under non-stringent detergent conditions [ 30 31 ] . Using this approach, we have previously discovered specific associations between particular β1 integrins and other cell surface molecules including CD147/EMMPRIN [ 31 ] , and various tetraspanin (transmembrane-4 superfamily) proteins [ 30 32 33 ] . In this report we demonstrate for the first time that CD98 constitutively and specifically associates with intact β1 integrin heterodimers.
Agouti feed by day on fallen fruits [ 5 ] . During the hunts they were observed to be running within particular territories when chased but had a habit of running and doubling back or crossing water to disguise their scent.
Are you saying that memories in general, or memories of the Holocaust in particular, are "instrumentalized" when they are used for unworthy , or at least inappropriate purposes?
A feature type is typically an association of that feature to the results produced by a particular analysis, for example, all features derived from a TBLASTX run against all mouse ESTs in dbEST might be given the type 'Mouse'.
In particular, many recent reports (e.g.
Bin Ladin reportedly showed particular interest in learning how to use truck bombs such as the one that had killed 241 U.S.
In particular, the question of what kinds of interactions are typical, and under what conditions, is addressed only rarely.
Given the role that Hh signaling plays in promoting progenitor-cell proliferation, it is not surprising that misregulation of Hh signaling has been implicated in the biology of certain cancers, in particular basal cell carcinoma (BCC) and medulloblastoma.
Often, we've discovered, the best way to frame an interesting and useful dialogue is not to get a liberal vs. a conservative, but to get two people from roughly the same part of the spectrum who disagree on the application of their shared values to a particular issue.
The argument has particular force in the context of Columbine, where the gunmen asked two girls if they believed in God, and when they answered affirmatively, shot them dead.
The residents of a particular town in Arkansas took this information literally as they were voting for the town name, and so many of them wrote in “Ink,” that Ink became the name of the town.
Please identify whether you wish to support the General Scholarship Fund- or a particular scholarship (indicate name of this scholarship here):
In particular, rad1Δ and rad9Δ are also sensitive to TBZ, while rad17Δ and hus1Δ are not (Figure 3).
Within the eukaryotic crown group, we obtained evidence of specific instances of duplications and gene losses that are restricted to particular lineages.
The original sealed indictment had added that al Qaeda had "reached an understanding with the government of Iraq that al Qaeda would not work against that government and that on particular projects, specifically including weapons development, al Qaeda would work cooperatively with the Government of Iraq."
This particular phase (creating new stories) of their development did not generally occur until the witness role models had been giving programs 6 months.
But Chatterbox doesn't know any other easily understandable phrase that describes this particular kind of offense.)
Selective toxicity of cholesterol oxides toward a particular cell type was also observed in our previous studies [ 29 31 32 33 ] . Further experiments with Western blot analyses indicated that the cytotoxicity of cholesterol oxides was associated with their abilities to cause c-jun activation, as evidenced by the increase in activated c-jun, i.e., phospho-c-jun, in 25-OH-cholesterol treated cells but not in 7-β-OH-cholesterol treated cells (Fig.
Quantitative genetics based on new statistical and computational technologies has advanced to the point at which individual genes can be detected and mapped on chromosomes [ 1 2 ] . The underpinning for the detection and mapping of genes is founded on their particular segregation pattern.
Each region is denoted by Pn x, y , where 'P' indicates that the region was defined by a phenotype phase plane analysis, 'n' denotes the number of the demarcated phase (as shown in a particular PhPP figure), and 'x, y' denotes the two uptake rates on the axis of the PhPP.
In particular, it is necessary to confront a mathematical problem inherent in expression ratios.
If you open Galaxy Quest on Friday and it turns in numbers that are disappointing relative to the opening weekends of other comparable films, then you end up looking like a loser, even though you could quite sensibly argue that this particular Friday through Sunday is not like every other Friday through Sunday.
In the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis, there is a lengthy discussion of the steps taken to minimize the burden on small entities and, in particular, a discussion of the reasons why two commenters' proposals were not incorporated into the final rule.
It specified as particular points of vulnerability the White House, the Capitol, symbols of capitalism such as Wall Street, critical infrastructure such as power grids, areas where people congregate such as sports arenas, and civil aviation generally.
The measure of benefits calculated by the model is the net change in consumer and producer surplus from baseline ozone concentrations to the ozone concentrations resulting from attainment of particular standards.
Numerical partial differentiation of the network with respect to a given test input example [ 2 3 ] allows one to see the network's evaluation of the relative impact of each gene in arriving at the correct answer for this particular input.
The crane selected for a project will be determined as part of an overall construction plan developed to optimize all of the available resources - labor, material, and equipment - for a particular project.
It asked in particular for rejection of a request by some Kosovo-born Serb policemen to be allowed to discard their uniforms and return to civilian life in the province.
I have for years suffered those who know what my particular method of signing says about me.
But now many in Congress are making a great cause of one particular differential: the one between married and unmarried couples.
You can throw up your hands and say that some behavior is rational and some isn't, and this particular behavior is in the second category--but that's tantamount to giving up without a fight.
To determine the precise conditions under which population heterozygote advantage will be observed, we consider a general model that predicts the expected outcome of a comparison between heterozygotes and homozygotes in an epidemiological study as a function of (i) the frequencies of resistant and susceptible alleles at a particular locus and (ii) the relationship between genotype at that locus and phenotype.
The ED is a fast-paced environment with many competing demands that do not allow for concentrated periods of personnel time devoted to intervening with long-term problems, even if the problems are related to a particular ED visit.
Of particular concern to the chiefs-in light of FDNY difficulties in responding to the 1993 bombing-was communications capability.
The ability to correctly identify these major bacterial subdivisions and the absence of obviously wrong groupings confer credibility to non-trivial clades present in these trees, in particular the spirochete-chlamydia clade.
In particular, the right is paranoid about bureaucrats at the Department of Education setting curricular standards or administering tests.
I have, after all, no particular knack for business.
The body of Dowd's work as a columnist, and in particular the Flytrap pieces that won her the Pulitzer, is one of the most brilliant examples yet of boomer self-castigation.
A chief criticism of this book, in particular, is that the adjectives are jumbled together in no discernible order or, as mentioned, with punctuation between (except for a serial comma).
In particular, more progress is needed in explicitly linking senior executive expectations for performance to results-oriented organizational goals.
But to sustain him as a viable comic foil through next November, we'll need to observe him in a more particular and nuanced way, or pray that he develops webbed feet, like Phoebe, and a quirky sex appeal, like Daffy.
The passenger agent for the Union Pacific Railroad in that particular town was named Mr. Bassinger, and an often recited poem in the town was:
To determine whether a particular motif is over-represented among the promoters of a given SSH library, we first determined the frequency of each motif in the total complement of Arabidopsis promoters using the 1,000 bp upstream promoter files from TAIR [ 103 ] . We then calculated the probability of finding m promoter regions having one or more motifs in the set of n promoters in each SSH library, as well as in the total SSH library collection.
In particular, section 206(h) of the Act (42 U.S.C.
One in particular, of a (undoubtedly re-touched) Churchill when he visited the (mostly) golfing facility in the early '50s, was very striking.
They said that each agency needed to develop systems appropriate for their particular circumstances and that there were no data indicating that the current lack of standardization was a problem, or that standardization would improve either the quantity or the quality of the participation that agencies receive during the rulemaking process.
It marks the fifth and final defeat of this particular bill and the most serious defeat of any government bill since 1986.
Finally, through the use of tobacco advertisements, they review misperceptions generated in the public at large, and children in particular, related to tobacco use, including - that smoking is related to obtaining - romance, having good looks, attaining a 'cool' image, and making friends.
In particular, he has spoken of Salon 's dedication to a mission of exposing important facts.
Data were filtered using the Bioinformatics Output Parser (BOP), which also assembled all EST and full-insert cDNA sequence reads from a particular cDNA clone into a virtual assembly (BOP [ 12]).
For example, for XK, if all papers cited in OMIM for the particular gene are used as kernel documents, there are many high-score hits that do not seem to be directly linked to apoptosis.
In particular many embryos appeared to initiate katatrepsis whilst still under-developed, resulting in embryos with an embryonic cuticle and egg burster, but short or absent limbs.
Then it came into general use, as it still is, for a beloved person, in particular a sweetheart, but also as a term of endearing address to a casual acquaintance, as the lady Lord Mayor of the northern city.
Fox News and in particular its Crossfire -style program Hannity and Colmes have been hyping the allegation that Al Gore had a "bodyguard" in Vietnam.
A meaningless job, which anyone could have done, an undistinguished education, a home like any other in a crushingly ordinary neighborhood, a daily commute, no particular vices, and nothing to speak of in the line of contact sexuality--a white, Anglo-Saxon, middle-class life which, in external respects, was lived by innumerable unmarried sons answerable to family responsibilities, and marked by the lonely longings of a protracted virginity probably not all that unusual at the time, especially when, in Cornell's case, there were no riddling princesses to overcome his natural shyness and unprepossessing looks.
In particular, anxiety, depression, irritability, and agitation/aggression were the most commonly observed behaviors.
He should have got sued, sure, and jail was entirely appropriate for this particular act of civil disobedience, but as an occasional customer of the Golden Arches (personally, I prefer Wendy's) and French-American dual national, it's splendid to see someone willing to take a risk for their principles now and then, particularly when it's a blow against a monolithic transnational corporation that built itself up by underpaying children who ought to be at home studying for the next day of school rather than learning the mysteries of deep-frying every night.
From the cover: In this book, Professor Preston assesses the relationship between second language acquisition and sociolinguistics, focusing in particular on the findings of quantitative sociolinguists.
Both stories mention that progestin also reduces the risk of uterine cancer, which prompts a suggestion: It would be helpful if the papers would get in the habit of accompanying stories about the particular potential cancer risk of a given substance with a graphic summarizing all its known cancer plusses and minuses.
In particular, using current genome annotation algorithms, 42 of the 271 brain clones do not correspond to predicted genes (Table 2).
Recommendation: The burden of proof for retaining a particular governmental power should be on the executive, to explain (a) that the power actually materially enhances security and (b) that there is adequate supervision of the executive's use of the powers to ensure protection of civil liberties.
These particular volumes and Cvs were chosen based on the values shown in Figure 7.3 (page 114).
As discussed in previous publications [ 2 11 25 ] , the average fitness w ( d ) at a Hamming distance d from a particular reference sequence can be used for studying directional epistasis in a large number of genotypes.
Frequent cytogenetic abnormalities suggest that tumor-modifying genes (oncogenes or tumor suppressors) may be driving selection for the amplification or deletion of these particular genetic regions [ 6, 11, 12, 34, 35, 36].
