Brian was conscious but totally out of it, the poor guy.
I guess the poor guy got caught up in the high school experience.
She gave him a nasty look scarring the poor man.
YHL is the number of years in which the person was 'healthy', and is similar in concept to quality-adjusted life-years, healthy year equivalents, or active life expectancy [ 14 ] . We based YHL on self-rated health (is your health excellent, very good, good, fair, or poor?)
A drawback of this simple definition of 'healthy' is that it does not distinguish between fair or poor health and death, since all are considered 'not healthy'.
Self-reported covariates include age, gender, smoking (never or former), history of arthritis, cancer, diabetes, fair or poor self-rated health status, limitations in activities of daily living or in instrumental activities of daily living, and 10 pounds or more unintended weight loss in the year before baseline.
Of the 22% who were unhealthy (fair or poor) at baseline, about 24% were healthy 7 years later.
A person who is depressed because of a poor self-image related to obesity or who has osteo-arthritis related to obesity and limits to activities to successfully avoid pain would surely have worse EVGFP than others, based on results from many studies.
On the basis of thousands of pages of information developed in an earlier federal inquiry into Torricelli's activities, the committee chastised him for using poor judgment and disregarding Senate rules in his dealings with the former donor, David Chang.
But it said the senator had showed "poor judgment" by failing to reimburse him for the full market value of the gifts.
The senator's belief "that such items were of little value or were not gifts to you under the circumstances" displayed poor judgment and violated Senate gift rules, the panel found.
And when I become a technician, I will help the poor and needy by giving them affordable rates.
Your acceptance of a television and stereo CD player upon payment from David Chang of an amount you understood to be the cost to Mr. Chang, rather than fair market retail value, evidenced poor judgment, displayed a lack of due regard for Senate rules and resulted in a violation of the Senate Gifts Rules (35) and, consequently, a violation of your public disclosure obligations under Senate rules.
Your acceptance on loan from Mr. Chang of bronze statues (eagle and bronco buster) for display in your Senate office under your office's policy of accepting the loan of home state artwork was not consistent with Senate rules governing such loans, evidenced poor judgment, displayed a lack of due regard for the Senate rules and resulted in a violation of the Senate Gifts Rule (35) and, consequently, a violation of your public disclosure obligations under Senate rules.
Your failure to act to prevent the acceptance of or to pay for gifts of earrings from Mr. Chang to individuals (your sister, an employee and a friend) in your home at Christmas on the mistaken belief that such items were of little value or were not gifts to you under the circumstances, evidenced poor judgment, displayed a lack of due regard for Senate rules and resulted in a violation of the Senate Gifts Rule (35) and, consequently, a violation of your public disclosure obligations under Senate Rule 34.
Continuation of a personal and official relationship with Mr. Chang under circumstances where you knew that he was attempting to ingratiate himself, in part through a pattern of attempts to provide you and those around you with gifts over a period of several years when you and your Senate Office were taking official actions of benefit to Mr. Chang (contacting United States Government officials, writing letters to foreign government officials and involving Mr. Chang of his representatives in situations where you were meeting with officials of foreign governments) evidenced poor judgment.
The candidate says: "I grew up poor with a single mother.
In poor areas, the highly profitable drug business obviously is often seen as the last resort.
Poverty is frequently portrayed as natural, and the poor in America are seen by conservatives as VCR-owners who are just too lazy to work.
And about half of these survivors are brain-damaged, either by lack of oxygen (from poor initial respiration) or too much oxygen (from the ventilator).
but yes -- the poor, sick dog was saying.
The region is poor (though not so much as I thought) and poorly serviced by internet and wifi: there's a router up the hill from her which sometimes provides wifi, but only then into a loft too unbearably hot to occupy during the day.
The Retriever went right to work, checking the poor dead dog out thoroughly.
The veterinarian then took the Labrador out and returned in a few moments with a cat, who also checked out the poor dog on the table.
Definition Miser: A person who lives poor so that he can die rich.
A snooze button is a poor substitute for no alarm clock at all.
She bit the inside of her bottom lip, looking at me like I was breaking her poor, sweet heart.
He has lovely manners, Nepthys, despite his poor taste in hats.
It was becoming increasingly clear that without the industrial base provided by the mills, the city of Youngstown would soon become a ghost town, inhabited by those too poor or hopeful to escape.
For example, Struthers is a poor town with a large Slovak population, where education is generally better than in surrounding towns, but unemployment is much higher and pollution is widespread.
DAVY JONES: Then you were a poor captain, but a *captain* nonetheless!
My poor eustacian tubes....
More than a toy, it's an equalizer that allows poor kids to ride with rich.
"Not everyone in Calcutta, or India for that matter, is unanimous in praising the nun, whose organization was able to raise millions of dollars worldwide but made virtually no significant changes in the social structure of this collapsing city's poor neighborhoods.
Yiddish is especially versatile in describing those poor souls who inhabit the world of the ineffectual, and each is assigned a distinct place in the gallery of pathetic types: schmo, schmendrik, schnook, schmegegge, schlep, schlub, schmuck, putz, klutz, kvetch , and nudnik .
[ 10 ] showed that in the two-group microarray study setting the t -statistic assumption of equal variances between the two groups could result in poor performance.
But study after study shows that about 80 percent of the legal needs of the poor in the United States are unmet.
The early results have been poor to middling.
Follow these rules to become an independent student, and no matter how much your parents make, the government will consider you poor and in need of aid.
The Indian Journal of Medical Research , on the other hand, despite all the press reports about India's burgeoning middle class, is currently filled with reports on infectious diseases--the scourge of poor nations.
The truth is, however, that it was named after the Snake Indians of that area; and it is further true that the Snake Indians got their name from their habit of eating snakes: that part of the United States was very poor, and snakes were often the only food available.
Washington --- The organization that pays for legal representation for the poor could be in trouble.
The Post says the categories are minorities and poor people.
In published literature about barriers to care, influences of drug lifestyles and poor treatment in the system are documented barriers.
A most significant finding was that overall promoter hypermethylation is associated with the progression and predicts significantly poor disease-free survival.
(It is, alas, poor manners to ever tell anyone to **** off.)
The impetus for government reform came in part as a reaction to poor performance, continuing disclosures of waste, and chronic budget deficits.
Next year, Kentucky will lose almost $500,000 in grants through the federal Violence Against Women Act used to provide legal assistance to poor women who are victims of domestic violence.
Ironically, there was plenty of food around — corn, cattle, sheep, and flour — but it was not available to the poor.
Or, if you prefer, sexual McCarthyism: the madness that prevails when private mistakes become daily fodder for public titillation, and are then used as political weapons to club the poor sinning bastards to death.
Once viewed by parents as "a curse," Chinese women are now significantly contributing to the economic well being of poor rural areas and gaining new respect in the process.
Grand Rapids lawyer Robert Lalley Jr. has never been poor.
Basal and corticotropin (ACTH)-stimulated cortisol levels correlate with the severity of illness, and very high cortisol levels often signify a poor prognosis [ 14].
Can equal justice exist where the laws cannot be enforced because the poor cannot secure counsel?
Liberal child advocates, the Children's Defense Fund prominent among them, regard the funding--$20 billion, available over six years--as almost surely insufficient to offer the poor a true choice of quality day care.
He started talking about homeless people and poor people and all that.
These two characteristics are among the most predictive of a poor outcome.
From the clinical perspective, the findings suggest poor sensitivity of the range of motion and pain diagnostic tests in the evaluation of spinal dysfunction.
But many economists, especially non-Americans, complain that Rubin has been far too obliging toward his old colleagues and indifferent to the poor Russians and bankrupted Koreans damaged by his decisions.
Perhaps if the economic doldrums continue, and the poor get poorer, the pro bono increase that Mr. Curnin and others want will indeed occur.
That was the perplexed comment that greeted my first halting efforts to explain the Clinton scandal to my children, ages 6 and 9. I promptly began quoting the profundity to my friends and reflecting indignantly, along with the rest of America, on what a poor role model the overgrown youth in the White House is for our youth.
Since last year, Hall has been meeting with nonprofit leaders and others who expressed concern that a merger would mean less representation for the poor in their communities.
I received somewhere around 2.7 million e-mails from Slate readers asking for help in the battle against poor customer service.
This correlated with poor development of syncytial aggregates.
(May 8, 1667); and “This morning up, with mighty kind words between my poor wife and I” (November 20, 1668).
The present study showed that the presentation with or the development of blood stream infection in hospitalized patients with HIV leads to poor outcome, as evidenced by increased mortality, length of hospital stay, and intensive care unit admission rate.
A poor man named John Cordeaux was brazen enough to suggest [May 27, 1893] that stoat is from the Anglo-Saxon steort , a tail.
"A disproportionate number of ill-fated characters comes from the ranks of poor, Latino and foreign men, and both young and old African-American and poor women."
"Deranged militias, abandoned factories, and seething hostility to the poor, that is Michigan to me."
There is no life like the poor man's who
5 percent of its annualized grant to encourage participation by private attorneys in the provision of legal assistance to poor individuals.
The organized bar did not have an infrastructure to supply volunteer lawyers to meet the legal needs of the poor.
How ironic that a program once watched by poor and wealthy viewers alike ultimately perished because its creator couldn't handle the move from being poor to being wealthy herself.
These are addressing a wide range of needs of the poor, including access to jobs, education, shelter and personal safety.
However, analyses in which synteny and phylogenetic information were also considered suggest that codon bias and G+C content are poor indicators of HGT [ 45 ] . A role for 'amelioration', whereby structural characteristics of the foreign gene are eventually homogenized to resemble those of the recipient species, has been assumed, but the rate was postulated to be the same as the rate of random, forward mutation [ 42 ] . In addition to alterations in codon usage (as reflected in G+C content), for a bacterial gene to function efficiently in a nematode presumably requires acquisition of regulatory elements (including a promoter) and structural elements (including a poly(A) tail and, optionally, a trans -spliced leader).
And instead of proposing coercive systems to make poor women work and poor men support their families, Bradley suggests various ways of raising their incomes to the poverty line.
I wonder if rich ladies' self-actualization provides a useful model for legislation to help poor women.
We have been working very hard to call the legal community's and the public's attention to our funding crisis and its impact on MALS's efforts to secure equal access to justice for our community's poor and elderly residents."
Despite the recent changes in the welfare system, federal, state, and local governments will still be spending large amounts of money to assist poor people--not only through welfare but also through Medicaid, food stamps, Supplemental Security Income, and the Earned Income Tax Credit.
Add to these disastrous policies a segregated public-housing program that concentrated affordable housing for the poor in central cities, and you see why, by 1950, the suburbs were growing 10 times faster than the central cities; and why, in 1960, not a single one of the 82,000 residents of Levittown was black.
More funding and more resources for legal services for the poor must be a statewide priority.
All current mouse RI sets are small, and consequently the most common criticisms leveled at QTL mapping with RI strains is that the precision and power are poor and that only those QTLs with unusually large effects can be detected reliably.
First, profiling mouse tissue alone using probe sets designed for human genes gives poor hybridization, to the extent that the contribution from mouse genes would not have been enough to account for the differences in gene expression observed.
When he died, a millionaire, in 1850 (back when a million dollars really meant something), he left his money to the city to build schools for the poor.
Any efforts government might make to improve the economic opportunities of poor people, especially poor black people, are likely to fail, because their poverty is so much the result of inherited low intelligence.
Indeed, the exact placement of many of the non-orthologous arsC genes was difficult and poor bootstrap support for some nodes suggests that refinement of arsC phylogeny as more sequences become available should be an ongoing process.
, Wagen `car'/ wagen `dare,' Arm `arm'/ arm `poor'); loanword identification (e.g.
Statistics suggest that crime, domestic abuse and alcoholism rise in gambling's wake--while the poor most conspicuously get poorer."
The general production of the book is poor: the paper has too much “see-through,” causing the type on the back of a page to interfere with the legibility; the type is too gray; the definitions are run into one another, with semicolons in place of definition numbers, making it difficult to distinguish senses and requiring one to read through a long entry before coming to the sense sought; it is almost impossible to discover where a new part of speech begins; subentries of idiomatic phrases and phrasal verbs are given the same prominence as headwords, making them easy to find but detracting from the headword treatment; and the substandard typography has created many loose lines which poor proofreading has failed to catch.
The papers have shed little light on how poor weather can impede various missions."
Now The Nation lambastes Rubin as a conservative who favors bank deregulation that will hurt the poor.
But Medicaid is increasingly a program of aid not for the poor per se, but rather, for the old.
Although bidders tend to portray themselves as rescuing ailing companies--UPR said it was reacting to "a decade of broken promises and poor performance" at Pennzoil--in fact they almost uniformly bid for profitable, healthy companies that the market, for one reason or another, is undervaluing.
West Virginia lost 30,000 poor people, according to Census figures used by the Legal Services Corp.
Just a quick comment on the poor advice you gave to a woman inquiring about a . I married someone who was briefly married before.
The robustness of ROC analysis to yield T M and ROC area values to discriminate 'good' from 'poor' microarray hybridizations relies on the relative positions of signal ranges from positive and negative controls as well as from target genes.
If you can't get a lawyer, you can't afford to be poor.
2 million to help its work defending the rights of poor people.
The Great Famine struck in 1845 with a blight on the staple food of the poor, the potato.
California does have a strong network of legal aid organizations that try to help meet the needs of the poor, but there's just one legal aid lawyer available per 10,000 poor people.
The authors found relatively poor concordance between duplicate arrays, with an average of 12% increase/decrease calls between the same RNA processed in parallel and hybridized to two Mu11K-A microarrays.
Mintie noticed that health-care professionals were graduating with staggering debts and also couldn't afford to work with the poor.
It is poor style to find the headword term defined virtually as an afterthought.
And some subjects receive placebos because, unlike penicillin for Alabama, the full AZT regimen is out of reach for poor countries.
Which is hanging a lot on the poor old theory of natural selection.
The China National Nuclear Corp. said the Japanese disaster was due entirely to "poor management and human error" and had nothing to do with nuclear technology.
9% respectively in 1999) [ 12 ] . Minority women from poor urban communities, such as D. C., enter prenatal care later and have fewer prenatal care visits than white women of higher socio-economic levels [ 13 14 ] . Women who make little or no use of prenatal care often are disenfranchised members of the community, such as homeless and substance abusing women [ 15 16 ] . In D.C., many people, particularly those from disenfranchised communities, do not believe that prenatal care is important.
Founded in 1253 as a college for poor theological students by Robert de Sorbon, Louis IX’s chaplain, it took shape as a university under the tutelage of Cardinal Richelieu.
M6P/IGF2R locus in head and neck cancer is also associated with poor patient prognosis.
The project is the work of Lake County circuit court officials and Prairie State Legal Services, a statewide agency with an office in Waukegan that provides information and legal assistance to poor and elderly Illinois residents.
In the annotation of the unmasked WGS3 scaffold, transposable elements within rolled introns interfered with Genscan so that a very poor rolled gene prediction was generated, and protein similarity results of transposable elements complicated the evidence.
However, his clash with the old San Gabriel program resulted in litigation, bitter feelings and a mission that some say is not clearly focused on serving poor people.
v] I guess that “older” means `anyone older than Kirkpatrick,' which I happen to be; but, while it is a matter of fact (and of record) that I do seek to impose restrictions, they are directed against inept, ineffectual, inaccurate language and poor style.
Between two and three "Coffin Fellows" housed at Pine Tree have handled family law cases on behalf of poor people every year since 1998;
All poor Clinton was doing was trying to "struggle with the gummy, vexed exigencies of the merely human."
We easily detected a signature of biological electron transport within a biologically poor, sandy soil containing about 30,000 cultivable cells per gram (Idaho red sand), and also from a soil from the extreme environment of Lake Boney Basin, Antarctica (Table 1).
But they have fundamentally different attitudes about how the federal government should go about helping poor people.
A state foundation is giving West Texas Legal Services and the Fort Worth chapter of the NAACP more than $1 million to help provide civil legal services to the poor.
Five independent Salt Lake organizations that provide legal services to the poor, ethnic minorities, seniors and people with disabilities have joined together to acquire a west-side downtown building where they will have their offices.
Crop yield is poor, partly because of the chronic lack of water, and fields once tended are now deserted.
The most obvious candidates are age and wealth, either of which can increase the odds of both homeownership and long-term unemployment (the young and the poor scramble harder for jobs).
She is trying to bring legal aid services to the Inland Valley -- the closest legal aid office is in El Monte and represents 700,000 poor people throughout the San Fernando, San Gabriel and Inland valleys.
But what good is this if there are so many more women having children?), 500 million illiterates, and 320 million abjectly poor people.
Compared with Bergen, Passaic has many more people who are poor and Spanish-speaking and receive housing aid and they should not have to travel elsewhere for legal aid, he says.
Making driving even more complicated is the fact that the roads, although improving, are often of poor quality, and the directional signs leave much to be desired.
Just as Seattle's renaissance is fueled by an influx of aggressive capitalists, its previous stagnation was caused by the sloth and poor economic policies of its other tenants: Indians, Scandinavians, and hippies.
A poor positive predictive Value (PPV) supported this finding.
For the other three systems, calibration tested by the C -statistic was poor.
Millions of babies are being born to poor teen-agers so lacking in elementary skills, work habits, and self-discipline that they are unlikely to be either responsible parents or self-supporting providers.
It seeks genuine direct elections after a period that is sufficient to organize alternative parties and prepare a campaign based on freedom of speech and other civil rights, the right to have free trade unions, the release of more than 200 political prisoners, debt relief, stronger penalties for corruption and pollution, no amnesty for Suharto and his fellow thieves, and a respite for the poor from the hardest edges of "economic reform."
"Unless the imbalance is rectified and people in poor countries come to live stable lives, the connections among different people cannot be said to be a genuine network of people," the paper said.
We're supposed to mourn, for Howard, for Judy, for Jack's soul, and even for poor, harmless John Donne.
The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here have consecrated it far above our poor power to add or detract.
The proposals include abstinence education, school vouchers for poor kids, faith-based drug-rehabilitation programs, and a $500 tax credit for anyone who does 10 hours of volunteer work for the poor during the year.
Clinton seems to be ignoring one of the hard-won lessons of liberalism's collapse, which is that programs to help poor workers should actually be restricted to workers.
The English government was responsible for the underlying conditions of the Irish agricultural economy that made the Irish poor so vulnerable to the blight.
Therefore, our finding of accumulation of more of the non-linear forms in a rich medium than in a poor medium (Figure 1) does not immediately allow us to conclude that starving conditions induce a chromosomal double-strand breakage.
So the agents wind up in a space of coevolving theories and actions with no fixed-point, stable steady states, which means that past actions are a poor guide to future actions by an agent since his theories, and hence his action plans, have changed.
Schröder's similarity to Bill Clinton is remarkable: both were raised by poor, single mothers; were governors of "small, politically marginal" states; and eschew right and left politics in favor of a new center.
West's essay on Du Bois in Africana seemed a re-working of his essay on Du Bois in The Future of the Race . There is nothing new said in his Africana essay, and his presentism, his insistence on judging a historical figure by current moral standards, I find fatuous, just poor scholarship.
The main reason, says the paper, is that "the poor, the handicapped and the troubled--the people Mother Teresa spent her life helping--were barred from taking part, at the insistence of the Indian military, largely for security reasons."
The cover story warns that cheap oil, though a boon to consumers, could bankrupt the poor and politically unstable nations that produce it.
Barnes' new job will improve justice for poor
The time of year when we remember the poor and needy by spending wallets full of money and gorging ourselves on turkey, sage and onion stuffing, and Christmas pudding.
The program is the first of its kind in Texas that includes state judges presiding over hearings, said David Hall, executive director of Texas Rural Legal Aid Inc., a nonprofit that matches poor people across South Texas with lawyers who will work for free.
Self-educated, poor beyond imagining, John Clare experienced a brief, condescending vogue as England's "Peasant Poet," at a time when illiteracy was a norm for England's rural workers, and poets were expected to come from higher social ranks.
Pharmacological inhibition of MMP activity in P19 cells using the broad spectrum, hydroxamic acid-based MMP inhibitor GM 6001 at concentrations ranging from 1-30 μM, resulted in partial reversal of the poor aggregation shown by IDO-AS expressing cells, with a maximal effect shown at 20 μM, indicating that changes in MMP expression were responsible, at least in part for altered cell adhesion.
Census Bureau, in spite of its best efforts, cannot locate every poor person living in a census tract, therefore the poor are also undercounted, added Weir.
Clinton proposed new tax credits for college tuition payments (up to $10,000 per family), a $1 minimum-wage increase, a plan for Medicare to cover prescription drugs, $1 billion in tax incentives to help spur the development of vaccines for poor nations, photo licenses and safety tests for gun owners, and more than $3 billion in education spending, including $1 billion for Head Start.
But Lalley knows the poor.
One man's poor news judgment is another man's smart market positioning.
The Lawyers Trust Fund and LAP aim, respectively, to improve legal services to the poor to provide equal justice under the law, and to increase public confidence in the administration of justice, Chief Justice Mary Ann G. McMorrow said.
Yesterday, the Turkish authorities criticized the poor quality of many of the buildings that have gone up in the last few years in the area affected by the earthquake, a region that has experienced heavy industrial development.
Either placement had poor bootstrap support, and given the relatively low sequence homology of this clade to either of the other major bacterial arsC groups (50% similarity to the Low GC Gram positives, 40% similarity to the Enterobacteriales/α-Proteobacteria group) we suspect that this group might represent a fourth distinct group of arsenate reductases, making its placement in a binary tree difficult.
Third, performance management systems provide the necessary information and documentation to deal with poor performers.
However, for the insulin-managed group, patients who monitored regularly were much less likely to be in very poor control (14% with HbA1c > 10%) compared to patients with no test strip use (31%) or with irregular test strip use (32%) (p < 0.001 for both comparisons).
The NYT front weighs in with the second part of its series airing charges that Operation Smile, a charity that sends plastic surgeons to poor countries to do pro bono facial operations on deformed children, is guilty of shoddy medical practices due to an emphasis on volume and publicity.
The three groups that deliver most of the legal aid to the poor in Illinois will lose about $920,000 in congressional funding annually, said Eric Kleiman, a spokesman for Legal Services Corp., the Washington-based agency that distributes federal money for legal aid.
Hyundai--formerly the Yugo's poor cousin--is increasing capital spending by 700 percent.
He ought to endorse an increase in the minimum wage for the working poor.
6.) Growing income disparities between wealthy and poor nations.
You have to look at what is happening to the overall society in which those families live--at what's happening in the schools and on the streets, to poor single mothers who might get welfare, but also to single men and non-poor families who live in the same neighborhoods.
"Seamstress Trudie Newell-Poit of Wainscotting, disgusted at her sewing machine's poor cross-stitching, smashed it with a sledgehammer in Piccadilly Circus."
In other words: For someone with as sweeping and academic-seeming a criticism as Rosen's, he's done a poor job of defining the terms of what journalists do, where they work, and how they operate.
Jackson's spin: He can do more good by pressuring Wall Street to invest in poor communities.
Legal services for poor facing statewide cuts
Unless, of course, she is for reducing taxes on the rich but not on the working poor and near poor who benefit from the EITC.
The organization deals with about 10,000 poor clients a year who need legal help, and Hall estimates about 260,000 people in Bexar meet poverty limits and are eligible for the community courthouse services.
Common issues range from wage claims to poor working conditions to sexual harassment.
None of these banks, nor previously identified ones like the Bank of New York, are accused of wrongdoing, although USAT mentions, as does a front-page NYT reefer, that in congressional testimony Wednesday, the BoNY CEO said some of his bank's employees used poor judgment.
This medium-dependence is in the opposite direction to what is simply expected from generation of a double-stranded chromosomal end by collapse of a replication fork with another, replication fork moving in the same direction [ 18 ] , because replication initiation should be more frequent in a rich medium than in a poor medium.
What can we as a nation really do to help the poor and the left out?
[ 14 ] In addition, Schoenbaum et al have shown that blacks are less likely to demand or receive adequate information about their disease process and more likely to report themselves to be in poor health than whites of the same age group and gender.
Watts, who grew up poor in the hamlet of Eufaula and represents southwestern Oklahoma.
The LAT income piece focuses on the worsening numbers for the poor, while the NYT income lead emphasizes minority gains right from the headline and claims the reports reveal "the lowest black poverty rate in the country's history."
Although many "Ras/Raf" growth factor pathway transcripts were upregulated (Table 1), as a group they were poor predictors of SMG phenotype (control v.
Atlanta Legal Aid provides civil services to poor people in five metro Atlanta counties.
At present, the Florida Legislature does not fund civil legal services for the poor.
Art it may be, but in such poor taste that one wonders what this young couple is thinking and where is their judgment.
A failure rate of 25% is typical for high-throughput sequencing and resulted from poor overall trace quality (~21% of all reads), missing insert (~0.
Back in the 1960s when Medicaid passed into law with scant attention, a few brave analysts dared to suggest that the poor might be better served at far lower cost if the money were spent on developing well-staffed, multidisciplinary health clinics in chronically underserved inner cities and rural areas--sort of like, well, HMOs.
The second Studio 54/disco movie of the summer is pronounced "tacky, tiny and about as seductively nostalgic as those videotapes of your cousin's wedding" (Kehr, New York Daily News ). The film's weaknesses: 1) a moralizing story line--"a cleaned-up version of The Rake's Progress " (Jay Carr, the Boston Globe ); 2) poor acting from leads Ryan Phillippe and Neve Campbell; 3) cramped sets that fail to convey Studio 54's extravagance and debauchery.
I can understand your wanting to shame the Wall Street Journal with some semblance of mathematical rigor, but Lord knows we poor scientists have to defend ourselves against enough nonsense posing as science ("Mister Chairman, how can that 10 year study show us anything about bears when my cousin told me he never saw a bear in his life?"
Wolfe's interviewees draw sharp lines between the deserving and undeserving poor.
While difficult to measure, the loss of funds will mean that several thousand of Michigan's poor in need of legal service will not receive it, or they will receive significantly limited service.
Although BACs were localized to chromosome 4 (data not shown), the cytology of this chromosome is too poor to permit a clear BAC-based mapping of the boundary of the centric heterochromatin.
Our findings provide troubling evidence that MCOs may face the greatest challenges in changing the self-monitoring behavior of the patients at greatest risk for poor health outcomes.
The poor overworked noun was even used where neither it nor any alternate was needed.
"I don't think they ought to balance their budget on the backs of the poor," said Bush.
Church officials defend the practice, says the Post , as a way of avoiding charging the poor to see the pontiff.
But these were offset by a poor intake system, uneven supervision, a failure to undertake "aggressive legal work" and "a disturbing intransigence" by management to address longstanding morale and turnover problems.
In Stanley Kubrick's 1957 Paths of Glory , when those French soldiers failed to go over the top and take the anthill, the general staff arbitrarily picked three poor, dumb bastards to be tried and executed for cowardice.
The idea is to incorporate certain sociological background factors-- such as English isn't his/her first language, he/she went to a crappy high school, is from a poor family etc.--about the student, to come up with a likely score range for him or her, and if the person's actual score exceeds the likely one by at least 200 points, then the applicant is identified by admissions personnel as in the valued category of "Striver."
Utah's poor and disadvantaged need all types of legal help, from dealing with domestic abuse to protecting limited assets in old age.
At $800 a pop, however, poor countries can't afford the full regimen.
Studies revealed that the prognostic effect of HER-2 / neu is stronger for survival than for recurrence [ 16 19 20 22 27 29 ] . Furthermore, increased HER-2/neu levels in primary tumours were associated with a poor response to endocrine therapy [ 5 12 15 32 ] .
"Taunting the poor."
This error results from the very poor fit to the venous concentration at times preceding the first data point at 10 minutes.
Many years ago, Reginald Heber Smith famously noted that the reason poverty organizations have not "more completely answered the demand of the poor for legal assistance is that they are grossly under financed."
An essay by Mother Teresa basher Christopher Hitchens likens the nun to Princess Di: Both used the poor and sick as "accessories" in "the service and the pursuit of the rich and powerful."
Well-educated blacks are "mercilessly head-hunted" for high-paying jobs, while uneducated blacks suffer from high unemployment and poor public services.
For lexicographers, this manifests itself most annoyingly in the poor state of dictionary reviewing.
Elaborate taxonomies and obscure explanations such as mispronunciation due to ignorance, malapropisms based on both ignorance and misunderstanding, and, for the dictated word, the technological dyslexia of typographical errors and poor grasp of the diction of the dictators of medical histories may be suggested.
Unlike Kern with his top paradoxically on his bottom, poor old Porter gets no credit for having his bottom paradoxically on his top.
 2. "The International Monetary Fund had planned to sell $2.5 billion of its gold stash to finance debt relief for poor countries, but has given up on that plan because the gold industry was worried that the sale would force down prices .
Success breeds infinite imitation, and infinite imitation means loads of dreck that garners poor ratings and cancellation.
In a biomechanical study on cadaver spine, using BAK cages and translaminar screw, Rathonyi et al [ 17 ] observed very poor rotational stability in specimens with poor endplate contact.
May only the poor object to the treatment of the poor?
There is a growing disparity between rich and poor, but what an individual earns in any given year may not indicate true wealth.
Callers, overwhelmingly poor people of color, think their lives are entirely pre-scripted and want to be told what to do.
Skeptics worried that poor products or service from unknown merchants could tarnish Amazon's reputation ( Seattle Post-Intelligencer ).
There are probably some exceptions, but in general rich people do pay more taxes than poor people.
Barnicle, like Cohen, argued that to accuse Kennedy of "poor judgment is way out of bounds," because "he could just as well have been killed in a subway accident."
As you would expect, higher-income mothers are more likely to use relatively expensive center care than are the working poor; but, thanks to government subsidies, the "non-working poor"--i.e.
and even along the driveway my poor little spindly pear trees have devised a few blossoms, at one of which I saw a sleepy bee bumbling, my first bee.
I always just think her as Moesha, even though that's obviously not her name, kind of the way millions of people around the country still think that Richard Dean Anderson's name is "TV's McGuyver"--man, it must drive the poor guy absolutely nuts, wouldn't you think?)
It's as if the poor will be victimized twice-once for being poor and again as victims of these funding cuts."
The brunt of these cuts will be felt most in Wayne County where according to the census some 333,000 poor people live, the largest concentration of poverty in the state.
An office building that functions poorly as an office building but looks impressive should be criticized, just as a dictionary that has impressive photos and presses flowers well but has poor definitions and etymologies should be criticized.
Every official we questioned about the possibility of an invasion of Afghanistan said that it was almost unthinkable, absent a provocation such as 9/11, because of poor prospects for cooperation from Pakistan and other nations and because they believed the public would not support it.
Since G+C-poor genomes have LTGs with lower G+C content than G+C-rich genomes, this predicts a positive correlation between the G+C content of a genome and of the target sites of its restriction enzymes.
I believe a Haitian proverb properly sums up the entire work/welfare debate: "If work were good for you, the rich would leave none for the poor."
Yet, previous experience has shown that lower estrogen levels during pregnancy are indicative of poor fetal condition [ 5 ] .
Last year the state agency in charge of determining Medicaid assistance for the poor included assisted suicide among the approved uses of the state's health-care dollars.
Of the 22% who were unhealthy (fair or poor) at baseline, about 24% were healthy 7 years later.
Indeed, the development of hypocalcemia in the critically ill has been shown to be associated with a poor prognosis [ 32, 33].
Although the alignment can be forced in these latter regions, length heterogeneity and poor residue conservation often make several alignments seem equally reasonable, and it is difficult to ascertain criteria for objectively choosing one over the others.
An essay repeats the standard Standard line that churches are the key to saving poor neighborhoods.
Indifference to the poor, affection for drugs.
Thompson recently came up with $25 million more for "affordable quality child care" as welfare mothers head to work--$20 million to ensure that the working poor aren't edged out of the subsidized care they count on, and $5 million to increase the supply and quality of overall care.
A linear equation fit the Affymetrix data well (R 2= 0.943), but visual inspection revealed a poor fit at lower intensities; thus a quadratic was used.
McCourt is the pixie-faced, white-haired, thick-brogued raconteur who wrote Angela's Ashes , a Bildungsroman explaining how the bitterly poor son of an embittered drunk from Limerick, Ireland, became the kind of man who could write a witty, heartbreaking memoir about being the bitterly poor son of an embittered drunk, etc.
Whenever I put in a good word for the global economy--pointing out that international trade is not the source of all misfortunes, or that low-wage exporting benefits many poor people--I can count on receiving a pile of hate mail.
Yesterday, Bill Clinton announced that he would cancel all $5.7 billion of the debt owed to the U.S. by 36 desperately poor countries, provided they channel the money thus saved into the likes of education and health.
Will a government benefit program lift people up or just sap the poor and sock the rich?
[ 8 ] Our findings agree with the view that women are more predisposed than men to rate their health poor and therefore more likely to accept hospitalization compared to males especially if there is agreement between the ED physician and their primary care doctor on admissions.
It was appreciated, although Gates' brazen efforts at self-promotion on the basis of increasingly poor scholarship have been the talk among African-American intellectuals for some time.
Putting outright, downright grammatical solecisms aside, it would be pertinent to reiterate my own attitude toward usage: as a linguist, I regard usage clinically and would no more criticize a writer or a speaker of any kind of English for “mistakes” than a doctor would criticize a patient for contracting appendicitis or the Malay waste-away; on the other hand, as a writer (albeit a poor one), I attend to matters of style (which includes usage and grammar, of course), not only in others' writing but my own.
These areas are indicative of poor phylogenetic signal from one or both of the kinds of data - DNA and chromosomal inversion data.
A sidebar profiles potential saint Katharine Drexel, a nun who gave her vast fortune to charity while ministering to poor blacks and Native Americans in Louisiana.
One of great importance, urokinase (uPA) and its high affinity receptor, the GPI-anchored membrane CD87 (uPAR), is critical in tumour progression and its level of expression is correlated with poor prognosis of various cancers such as prostate [ 2 ] , breast [ 3 ] , colon [ 4 ] , ovarian [ 5 ] , gastric [ 6 ] , brain [ 7 ] , and lung cancer [ 8 ] . Urokinase (uPA) and its main product plasmin belong to the very early proteases [ 9 10 11 ] that activate the metallo-protease (MMP) cascade and therefore control cell motility, tissue remodelling and the activation of various angiogenic factors (VEGF, TGFβ).
The Straits Times of Singapore led on a prediction by World Bank Chief James Wolfensohn, made in an interview with the International Herald Tribune , that as many as 20 million more Indonesians may be forced into poverty by their country's economic crisis and remain desperately poor for years to come.
5 million on child care for the poor.
The poor ink-stained wretches working in the new Condé Nast building in New York know that the building is an architectural disaster, and Herbert Muschamp's glowing review of it in the Times won't change that.
In a situation like ours where laboratory facilities are poor or non-existent, rapid test is the best option to support malaria diagnosis for case management in malaria control programme.
In their place we have two statewide providers of direct legal assistance to poor and vulnerable people.
In America's early years, Christmas was a rowdy affair: Manhattan's poor and working-class folk ran wild through the streets and invaded the homes of the wealthy.
3%) and it is unlikely that this had a clinically significant impact in most cases, although the drug might have contributed to the poor outcome of patients under CVVHD.
"Sparkman is the executive director of a Philadelphia nonprofit that places discarded church organs with poor schools' neglected music departments.
Hierarchical clustering is a more frequently used method, but visualization via one-dimensional lists can lead to poor resolution of related genes even if a SOM gene ordering influences the branch flipping, as implemented in the software tool Cluster [ 2 ] .
One interpretation of these numbers is that poor parents still think that children are a reasonable investment.
But, in general, the effectiveness of focusing public attention on sweatshops and poor labor conditions has been limited by the difficulty of keeping consumers, voters, students, or other groups working on this issue for sustained periods of time.
Those objectives include making changes in systems that affect the poor.
He called for a series of programs, including full employment and a guaranteed annual income, to uplift the poor of all races.
Kathleen Willey got $1 million in insurance money after his death, and apparently didn't give any of it to the poor client whose money was stolen.
Although I am a poor typist, I find that I am able to type a document much more quickly and accurately than the above-named software can perform.
The effect is both monetary, in that it encourages donations, and political, in that it changes and challenges the indifference to the poor that seems so painfully common on the American political stage.
At best, forcing developing countries to adhere to our labor standards would create a privileged labor aristocracy, leaving the poor majority no better off.
If they got their way the result for the poor Freedonian would not just be no sweatshop--it would be no job.
It was a time when progressive young lawyers began a long struggle - not yet won - for the right of all poor people to free and effective legal counsel.
During her 1995-96 term as president of the Los Angeles County Bar Association, Zelon appeared before Congress and successfully argued against its proposed elimination of the Public Service Corp., which grants funds to independent local programs that provide civil legal assistance to the poor.
That elation was followed at once by the ineluctable conviction that the other submissions must have been very bad for my poor effort to have taken the prize, and my feelings about the story have vacillated between those extremes ever since.
But Hosenball's references to Arkansas as "Dogpatch" and a place with a political culture akin to Honduras or Haiti was beyond the pale and was just poor writing.
Budget cut by $50,000, but attorney vows central Illinois poor will not be left in lurch
More and more people, says the Times , are viewing "whole life" insurance as a comparatively poor investment and are instead choosing to self-insure via such instruments as 401ks and annuities.
In Georgia, there is just one legal aid lawyer for every 10,500 eligible poor people.
Kemp is in favor of expensive programs for the poor.
If only there were some kind of greeting card to send these people, maybe--given their poor education--featuring a cartoon bear.
Office of Government Ethics rendered the fund impotent, leaving the poor Clintons with nearly $3 million in legal bills.
Now I read that South Korea's economic crisis was brought on by corruption, nepotism, bad loans, poor financial management, and people living above their means on borrowed dollars.
The LSC allocates money to states based on the number of poor counted in the last census.
LSC is a private nonprofit organization established by Congress in 1974 to provide legal services to the poor.
(The pope has recently joined the call for debt forgiveness for poor nations, but he was surely talking about Fourth World economies such as Mozambique, not relatively well-off places such as Argentina.)
36 million could mean the state's legal services for the poor will lose six of their 21 regional offices, the head of a poverty-law resource center said.
The USAT front reports that in response to rising passenger "air rage" over poor airline service, a bipartisan bill, the "Airline Passenger Fairness Act" will be introduced in the Senate on Friday.
Both the LAT and NYT report that the minority drop occurred despite the university's decision to give extra consideration to poor applicants, thus proving that in California at least, class isn't race.
In our study, sensitivity and specificity of clinical examination was poor suggesting that clinical examination is of limited use in predicting cervical nodal metastasis.
The article is about crack use in poor communities in the inner city.
81) and very poor glycemic control (OR: 0.38; CI: 0.21-0.
But evisceration of patent protections could slow the development of the drugs poor countries need.
In 1991, the National Research Council studied the issue and reported that "as computer systems become more prevalent, sophisticated, embedded in physical processes, and interconnected, society becomes more vulnerable to poor system design, accidents that disable systems, and attacks on computer systems."
I had been prepared for anything: hypocritical, demonstrating poor judgment,...
For that very reason, perhaps, current urban opposition to the whole image-conscious mainstream is veering over to what used to look like farm clothes: the faded green-and-yellow-checkered shirts and the orange-washed-out-to-coral sweatshirts of poor and artless rural life.
Its exterior is in a poor state, though slowly being restored.
A second front-page NYT story argues that the hateful rivalry between Clinton and Starr has led each to overstep and use poor judgment.
It has evolved from the literature of sixteenth-century Spain and the indigenous traditions of Mexico, and for this reason the play has provided a political format for the poor masses throughout the last 400 years.
What should a poor technoweenie do when threatened by thrashing between disk and memory?
The piece is by the NYT 's long-time social policy reporter, Robert Pear, but it will be interesting to see how the Times handles any subsequent coverage of this by its other main poor people reporter, Jason DeParle, whose wife is the administration's Medicaid expansion point person.
The qualifications for the award were based upon demonstrated dedication to the innovative development and delivery of legal services to the poor in one of the 14 pro bono districts of Indiana.
Thus, DeParle points out that "a long list of things" remains present in the lives of the poor, including "violent neighborhoods, absent fathers, bare cupboards, epidemics of depression, the temptations of drugs."
Time 's cover profile of Madeleine Albright defends her Kosovo policy from charges of poor planning and incoherence, and tallies her successes instead: She consolidated European support for airstrikes at Rambouillet, has deftly cultivated consensus among NATO's member countries, and is drafting a "mini-Marshall Plan" to restore stability to the Balkans.
As for Krugman's claim that most U.S. workers have seen real living standards rise over these last twenty-odd years, it is based on a poor choice of data--the U.S. government's real hourly compensation figures.
A person who is depressed because of a poor self-image related to obesity or who has osteo-arthritis related to obesity and limits to activities to successfully avoid pain would surely have worse EVGFP than others, based on results from many studies.
On the contrary--accepting papers without peer review is an abdication of scholarly responsibility under the best of circumstances and a poor idea for an association of evolutionary psychologists, whose discipline is notorious for attracting cranks.
He's like the lawyer in Walden , who amazed the Indian because while he worked hard at making baskets and blankets, and yet remained poor, "the lawyer had only to weave arguments, and, by some magic, wealth and standing followed."
Consequently, I did not expect much when I looked up my favorite entry, horse latitudes , for which Jeans repeats the conventional theory (to the effect that the Spaniards used to throw starving horses overboard when they were becalmed, which I maintain to be an incredibly poor fiction); he also brings in Golfo de las Yeguas gulf of mares, which I have been able to find, with the help of the Royal Geographical Society, only inland in Spain.
Nothing in Bruce Zucker's upbringing seems to have prepared him for his life's work defending the poor.
Moreover, such school programs offer the working class and the poor the same opportunities that the wealthy have to send their children to alternative schools.
Klein is never more penetrating than in the book's first scene, in which the ingenuous black narrator, Henry Burton, marvels at the way in which the candidate, Jack Stanton, the governor of a small Southern state, listens intently to the members of an urban literacy group, grasps their hands, recounts the experiences of his own poor family, and leaves them feeling heard, understood, and moved.
Of his own contribution to the poor, Lalley sums it up this way: "I managed to shut down a few crises in their lives."
Current use would more likely prompt referral or counseling, but past use predicts poor outcome from medical problems such as injury.
Of course, Shlaes could honestly argue what she really believes: Making the rich pay higher tax rates than the poor is just not fair, dammit.
Despite the fact that some patients might have been hospitalized due to mitigating circumstances like poor oral intake and weak support systems (which were inadequately documented in the charts), the average length of stay for hospitalized low risk CAP patients (3.
Moreover, Cox proportional hazard models were estimated for the age at which the subjects first had the CHD event using the explanatory variables measured at Exam 1. The predictive power of such models was poor in comparison with the results for the binary logistic and probit models indicating the uncertainties in predicting subjects' ages at the time of the first CHD event.
The programs, supplemented by funding from state governments, bar associations and foundations, provide free legal help to the poor but not in criminal cases.
The patients used in this study were enrolled in a randomized trial of twice daily radiotherapy with or without concurrent chemotherapy [ 31 ] . We report herein that M6P/IGF2R loss of heterozygosity occurs frequently in head and neck cancer, and that it predicts for poor therapeutic outcome.
1 cash crop in poor areas of Kentucky, Tennessee, and West Virginia, while "speed" manufacturing is on the upswing in Missouri, Kansas, and Iowa.
The purpose of Legal Services is not to give something to the poor other than the justice that every person is entitled to."
, the balanced-budget amendment and health insurance for poor kids); and 3) disagree sharply even where they ostensibly agree (e.g.
Johne's disease, also called paratuberculosis, is a chronic granulomatous enteritis of ruminant animals caused by Mycobacterium avium subspecies paratuberculosis ( M. paratuberculosis ). While Johne's disease can end in death of the animal, the economic impact of this disease is much more significant [ 1 2 ] . Losses are estimated to be $200/clinically infected cow/year and are a result of animal culling, reduced milk production, poor reproductive performance, and reduced carcass value [ 1 3 ] . Research on the pathogenesis and immunology of M. paratuberculosis infections of cattle is necessary to allow design of more rational diagnostic and control procedures.
The client community included a high number of welfare recipients, was majority white and female with some regional differences and included some undocumented individuals, elderly, non-working poor and prisoners.
It was brought to New Spain by the Spanish conquistadores, where it continued to be identified as the language of the poor, the uneducated, and also the criminal class.
18: Rebel Without a Lollipop --Confused, rebellious teen (James Dean) receives life lesson from poor orphan girl (Shirley Temple); the teen's later, tragic death inspires girl to life in foreign service.
Barr thinks the private, Washington-based non-profit organization, which pays local groups to represent the poor, is not doing business the way it should.
In the late 1980s, she became chair of the American Bar Association's Standing Committee on Lawyers' Public Service Responsibility, the group responsible for the association's position on legal services for the poor.
Scott Wheeler, president of the Eastern Bar Association of Los Angeles and an ally of the old program, said he mobilized his 200 members to staff the clinic after watching the ranks of unserved poor grow over the past year.
They sucker the poor with false advertising, do a lousy job at raising revenue (only 34 cents of every dollar spent on lotteries goes to state treasuries), and are magnets for corruption.
Some of those who "do development" tend to blur the distinction between assisting the African poor and dominating them.
Limitations in previous studies of in vivo adenoviral transduction have been the poor stability of adenoviral transduction in dividing cells and the induction of cytotoxic immune responses to adenoviral gene products.
13, 2002-Michigan will lose $2 million in federal funding and $600,000 in state funding to provide legal aid to the poor in 2003, according to Deierdre L. Weir, executive director of the Legal Aid and Defender Association, Inc., the state's largest provider of legal services to the poor.
"Three million people suffer from pathological gambling addiction, causing costly social problems, especially for the poor and the young," it added.
The finding that more obese males under the age of 60 sustained postoperative infections than females suggests that obese males with hip OA under the age of 60 years may be especially vulnerable to postoperative infection and may therefore have a poor prognosis.
The Coloureds, fathered by whites upon Hottentots, are poor and therefore good, naturally qualified by their lack of book-learning to fix a broken gadget or a leaky faucet.
An exact test of population differentiation finds the observed haplotype distributions to be a poor fit of a model of random mating between the Gambian and Malawian samples, with a probability less than 10 -5.
Our democracy will suffer greatly if so many of our nation's poor continue to be priced out of the justice system.
First he said House Republicans shouldn't "balance their budget on the backs of the poor."
8 percent of the population in LSSM's service area are classified as poor and 20 percent are classified as elderly.
SPRINGFIELD -- About 225 attorneys and paralegals from across Illinois who provide legal services to the poor will gather in Chicago early next week for the first time in 13 years to swap ideas and offer each other encouragement.
The remaining 20 percent results from poor construction practices.
And instead of lobbying for large-scale anti-poverty or urban revival programs, Rubin settled for mini-government: small efforts to prod banks to extend credit in troubled neighborhoods, micro-loan programs to encourage entrepreneurship among the poor.
I suppose I invoked them because they represent such wildly divergent sensibilities--one populist, the other defiantly highbrow--and both were united in a kind of ebullient loathing of this poor picture.
"It's such a bureaucracy that poor people deal with that a lot of it is just straightening things out," said Anne Erickson, executive director of the Greater Upstate Law Project, which provides support services and updated legal information for offices like Legal Aid.
What's more, the chance to take an active choice in the matter as a parent may itself be a step toward the more successful, better monitored arrangements that poor working parents--and more middle-class parents, too--say they need and want.
Then, I suppose those of us who support income redistribution wouldn't look so hypocritical and our grandchildren would have big debts, higher taxes, no trees--and be poor.
If this is the case, one would predict to be able to obtain mutant forms of eRF1 showing a better recognition of poor codon context.
Paul Wellstone, D-Minn., announces his nationwide crusade against poverty: America needs more funding for Head Start, health care, and WIC, and higher wages for poor workers, he writes.
Former WTO Director-General Renato Ruggiero once called the WTO a "new constitution for a single global economy," and protesters have seized on this somewhat presumptuous self-characterization to portray the WTO as a police state designed by rich nations to facilitate the exploitation of poor ones.
California lags far behind comparable states in funding legal services for the poor, a situation so dire that only 28 percent of the civil legal needs of the state's poor and lowerincome residents are being addressed.
We also tested growth of these strains on YP galactose + 2-DG plates and found that only the triple mutant was able to grow, albeit weakly, on this medium, perhaps because galactose is a poor carbon source (data not shown).
Moreover, the new system provides an alternative approach to selectively clone large fragments of bacterial genomes [ 18 ] that are poor in sequences that can function as ARS s in yeast [ 14 ] .
Hoping (even subconsciously) that one of your comrades will die seems a poor frame of mind to carry into battle.
But when it comes to Kenneth Starr, at least, poor crazy Monica has finally got it right.
According to GS, the unemployed do not want to work, and if there were fewer rich people, there would be more poor people.
Former prosecutor Michael Mazzariello was finally doing the kind of legal work he'd always dreamed of, but after less than a year of helping East New York's poor, he's getting booted from the bodega he turned into an office.
The organization's Oxnard office broadened its services from farm worker-related aid to basic assistance last year when the federal government chose to fund it, over Channel Counties Legal Services, as the county's sole provider of legal help to the poor.
Set in bleak hill country about 135 km (84 miles) north of Lisbon, Fátima — once just a <b>poor</b> village — is one of the most important centers of pilgrimage in the Catholic world, along with Lourdes in France and Santiago de Compostela in Spain.
If you can't get a lawyer, you can't afford to be <b>poor</b>.
A second floor loggia is adorned with Jacopo della Quercia’s 15th-century carvings for the city fountain Fonte Gaia (of which a <b>poor</b> 19th-century replica stands in the piazza).
Mintie, a Claremont resident, made it possible for Ceballos to represent <b>poor</b> clients against wealthy landlords, a calling about as low-paying as lawyer jobs get, and pay off her loans at the same time. "
One of my hobbyhorses is that the vast majority of dailies and magazines are overstaffed by at least 50 percent--there's a problem with unions for you--and still the quality, overall, is <b>poor</b>, especially in comparison with the upmarket British dailies.
Aside from becoming part of the event instead of just reporting on it, this reflected a <b>poor</b> style and vocabulary choice.
Backers of Legal Aid services for the <b>poor</b> are pushing a measure that would increase court filing fees in Kentucky to raise money for the program, which faces steep funding cuts.
"Gramma, the kids at school say that one day, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences is going to come to your home and demand the return of the Oscar (TM) you won for Ghost , citing the <b>poor</b> quality of your performances in Eddie , The Associate , Boys on the Side and, to be perfectly honest here, Ghost . Is that true?"
The President told us he was frustrated with the <b>poor</b> communications that morning.
"Although it is a significant part of the poverty population, Asians historically have not been able to participate in the services and programs available to the <b>poor</b>," he said.
Prior studies have sought to understand the reasons for <b>poor</b> prenatal care utilization among disenfranchised women.
The impetus for government reform came in part as a reaction to <b>poor</b> performance, continuing disclosures of waste, and chronic budget deficits.
That kind of head tax is interesting not as a realistic policy proposal but as a benchmark for comparison: Economists like to say that a head tax has the advantage of being perfectly efficient (it does not discourage any economic activity), but the disadvantage of being perfectly inequitable (the rich and the <b>poor</b> pay equal amounts).
MGMT gene encodes O(6)-methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase and this enzyme effectively removes DNA adducts formed by alkylating agents [ 33 ] . Epigenetic gene silencing of MGMT confers enhanced sensitivity to alkylating-based chemotherapy, and lack of methylation associates with failure to respond to chemotherapy [ 34 35 ] . On the contrary, all patients that had MGMT promoter methylation were dead within 21 months of initial diagnosis, which predicts a <b>poor</b> prognosis.
One of great importance, urokinase (uPA) and its high affinity receptor, the GPI-anchored membrane CD87 (uPAR), is critical in tumour progression and its level of expression is correlated with <b>poor</b> prognosis of various cancers such as prostate [ 2 ] , breast [ 3 ] , colon [ 4 ] , ovarian [ 5 ] , gastric [ 6 ] , brain [ 7 ] , and lung cancer [ 8 ] . Urokinase (uPA) and its main product plasmin belong to the very early proteases [ 9 10 11 ] that activate the metallo-protease (MMP) cascade and therefore control cell motility, tissue remodelling and the activation of various angiogenic factors (VEGF, TGFβ).
13, 2002-Michigan will lose $2 million in federal funding and $600,000 in state funding to provide legal aid to the <b>poor</b> in 2003, according to Deierdre L. Weir, executive director of the Legal Aid and Defender Association, Inc., the state's largest provider of legal services to the <b>poor</b>.
Now they're low on priests, and capitalism stands rampant, with its attendant onus on the <b>poor</b>.
The <b>poor</b> fit on the right has 2 additional breakpoints, at 90 and 140 minutes.
[ 3 ] is inaccurate because it is a <b>poor</b> approximation to treat ethanol metabolism as a one compartment system (see below).
Skeptics worried that <b>poor</b> products or service from unknown merchants could tarnish Amazon's reputation ( Seattle Post-Intelligencer ).
Pushing food stamps on <b>poor</b> people is unlikely to move people off of welfare because food stamps are welfare.
Johne's disease, also called paratuberculosis, is a chronic granulomatous enteritis of ruminant animals caused by Mycobacterium avium subspecies paratuberculosis ( M. paratuberculosis ). While Johne's disease can end in death of the animal, the economic impact of this disease is much more significant [ 1 2 ] . Losses are estimated to be $200/clinically infected cow/year and are a result of animal culling, reduced milk production, <b>poor</b> reproductive performance, and reduced carcass value [ 1 3 ] . Research on the pathogenesis and immunology of M. paratuberculosis infections of cattle is necessary to allow design of more rational diagnostic and control procedures.
Gigot notes that the protestors--union members, consumer activists, and environmentalists--are not exactly marginal to the Democratic Party, and Clift acknowledges that Clinton has done a <b>poor</b> job selling his free-trade stance.
I guess I am richer relative to the <b>poor</b> fellow who wants to earn the cost of my apartment by writing essays for $1 a word.
In short, he overlooks systematic, statistically verifiable inequalities between black and white, <b>poor</b> and affluent, non-elite and elite college students in favor of a favorite "culture of poverty" anecdote.
5 million on child care for the <b>poor</b>.
She remained desperately <b>poor</b> during her New York sojourn--another reason, perhaps, for her obsession with food--and returned to Japan in 1973, where she lives, by her own choice, in a Tokyo mental hospital that has a special emphasis on art therapy.
Census Bureau, in spite of its best efforts, cannot locate every <b>poor</b> person living in a census tract, therefore the <b>poor</b> are also undercounted, added Weir.
Bruce Zucker chooses to provide pro bono legal aid to <b>poor</b> tenants over more prestigious work, and it has become his life's passion.
But as lawyers try to meet demands with technology, the basic needs remain: meeting the need for legal services among the <b>poor</b> or underserved.
Yet thanks to the efforts of conservative Clinton-haters and a scandal-hungry press, it has become a "major story" that threatens to undermine the valuable work Clinton has done in boosting our nation's economy, cleaning up our environment, advancing the needs of the <b>poor</b> and middle-class, supporting a woman's right to choose, making improvements in our education system a top priority, and asserting both American might and values abroad.
At his news conference, he made clear that allocating money to poverty-stricken parts of the country isn't subsidizing the <b>poor</b>; it's "investing in America's new markets."
Either a <b>poor</b> choice of American editor was made or, as is often the case, the British editors didn't believe what they were told.
They've revived an ailing dog ( ER 's Anthony Edwards), spent $700 nursing a rabbit back to health (actress Gretchen Mol), spearheaded efforts to free an inhumanely caged gorilla (Doris Day), and aided African elephants that suffer from "Floppy Trunk Syndrome," a malady that keeps the <b>poor</b> beasts from eating properly (Alicia Silverstone).
3) The vouchers are too small to give <b>poor</b> kids a real shot at a good private school.
"Sparkman is the executive director of a Philadelphia nonprofit that places discarded church organs with <b>poor</b> schools' neglected music departments.
1 Specifically, weaknesses such as <b>poor</b> controls over access to data and inadequate disaster recovery plans increased the risk of losses, inappropriate disclosures, and disruptions in service associated with the enormous amounts of electronically maintained information essential for delivering federal services and assessing the success of federal programs.
The English government was responsible for the underlying conditions of the Irish agricultural economy that made the Irish <b>poor</b> so vulnerable to the blight.
In those days, the <b>poor</b> had a place to go, and they knew it.
One thing is to write off a <b>poor</b> country's debts and quite another--to write off the debts of a member of the club of elite states."
neutral-phosphate therapy) is of equal benefit and does not perturb calcium/phosphorus metabolism in children with phosphate-wasting rickets [ 6 ] . Infants with hypercalcemia may have no obvious symptoms, but constitutional symptoms such as <b>poor</b> appetite, irritability, vomiting, FTT, or occasionally seizures may occur [ 7 ] . Classically, hypercalcemia leads to increased urine output and diminished stool frequency.
Despite its <b>poor</b> track record, the agency has expanded its power.
Pity the <b>poor</b> actress who has to embody her earlier self.
What I'd love to see is this [alternative bar exam] in conjunction with an increase in legal work for the <b>poor</b> at law school clinics."
Hanjour flew the Hudson Corridor, but his instructor declined a second request because of what he considered Hanjour's <b>poor</b> piloting skills.
We categorized the last recorded HbA1c test value for each individual into two dichotomous measures representing <b>poor</b> and very <b>poor</b> glycemic control (i.e.
Indeed, the exact placement of many of the non-orthologous arsC genes was difficult and <b>poor</b> bootstrap support for some nodes suggests that refinement of arsC phylogeny as more sequences become available should be an ongoing process.
I received somewhere around 2.7 million e-mails from Slate readers asking for help in the battle against <b>poor</b> customer service.
West Virginia lost 30,000 <b>poor</b> people, according to Census figures used by the Legal Services Corp.
Thus a <b>poor</b> opening gross is a self-fulfilling prediction of failure.
Prior studies have sought to understand the reasons for poor prenatal care utilization among disenfranchised women.
The first problem, inherent in the poor design of the book, is that there is no clue in the running heads as to which chapter and section one has turned to (unless he has chanced on the beginning of a chapter or section: only the page number appears).
Farsighted educators have shown that you can make superior public schools even in poor neighborhoods.
This is not a criticism of your amusing article on Lapham, but of Lapham's apparently poor grasp of actual ancient history.
Poor grammar, misspoken words, and confrontational moments between important men and women also regularly hit the cutting-room floor.
However, in spite of the limitations described and the expectation of further investigations confirming our results, we conclude that the manoeuvre of leg elevation, necessary to prepare the sterile field in several surgical specialities (coronary, vascular and orthopaedic surgery) or to position the patient for some gynaecologic and urologic procedures, must be performed slowly and progressively in normovolaemic coronary patients with a reduced right ventricular function because it could decompensate the already poor balance of oxygen supply/demand in the right ventricle.
The light that bronzes everyone else burns poor, pasty Ripley.
Installation--her medium--is a non-starter anyway, at best a poor cousin of window dressing or stage design, simply the wrong instrument for conveying subtle ideas visually (if her ideas are subtle).
Families at the 20 th percentile--that is, poorer than 80 percent of the population--may not be legally poor (only about 12 percent of families are officially below the poverty line), but they are likely to regard themselves as very disadvantaged and unsuccessful.
Poor microarray hybridizations have lines close to the rising diagonal (or values ~0.
That is, the lawyer who serves the poor and disenfranchised.
McCourt is the pixie-faced, white-haired, thick-brogued raconteur who wrote Angela's Ashes , a Bildungsroman explaining how the bitterly poor son of an embittered drunk from Limerick, Ireland, became the kind of man who could write a witty, heartbreaking memoir about being the bitterly poor son of an embittered drunk, etc.
The observed CV of the AD smetric was in all cases larger than that of the F or F smetric, and was greater than 0.55 for all three mRNAs, indicating very poor agreement of readouts from different array designs when global normalization was used (Figure 6).
(Seemingly a popular subject for that era—an early sixteenth century apostil refers to the poor scribe's fucking abbot.)
Most of the department's popular programs, like college student aid and Title I, which provides money for educating poor children, existed before the department was born.
Understanding why we choose such language, whether due to a poor understanding of specific goals or simply a convenient construct for describing curative care, might help in the design of practical interventions that would promote more comprehensive care.
The third category of opponents comprises liberals, including members of the Congressional Black Caucus, who argue that low test scores stigmatize minority students as "inferior," when in fact poor schooling and other disadvantages are to blame for their performance.
The "per child" credit will be broadly distributed--though not to the poor (who pay no taxes, so can't use the credit).
But Hughes must have realized his mistake, because the next year he essentially rewrote it as Some Kind of Wonderful . The quirky and talented poor kid, played by Eric Stoltz, has a crush on the prom queen, which breaks the heart of the orphan girl (!) who has been secretly infatuated with him for years.
Texas Rural Legal Aid - known for its fearless and sometimes controversial advocacy of the poorest of the poor - last week took over four other corporations serving the legal needs of the indigent in Southwest Texas, including the one in Bexar County.
They appraise poor films as good and fair films as great.
The interior is a heady mix of Crusader and Byzantine styles, and because of inter-denominational bickering, false partitions, and poor maintenance it is difficult to understand without a guide.
YHL is the number of years in which the person was 'healthy', and is similar in concept to quality-adjusted life-years, healthy year equivalents, or active life expectancy [ 14 ] . We based YHL on self-rated health (is your health excellent, very good, good, fair, or poor?)
Even though the striated labeling in the muscle fibers appears similar to the striations noted for D-AKAP1 and RIα and is where actin is prevalent, the overlap with the mitochondrial marker (cytochrome c) is poor, in contrast with observations of close overlap in cells [ 29 ] . In the NMJ, the D-AKAP2 pattern is rather diffuse, being present in both postsynaptic and presynaptic vicinities, and appears dissimilar to the mitochondrial pattern.
The lack of reporter expression could reflect poor entry of adenovirus in this population or poor transcriptional activity of the promoters used (UbP and CMV5), among other possibilites.
He arrived in Washington as a supposed champion of the poor.
, higher taxes, more generous provisions for the poor) are not what they want.
State planning was built on the understanding that states and territories serve as the relevant geographic areas of a planning focus for developing strategies to meet the civil equal justice needs of poor and vulnerable people.
In "Suicide Watch," Atul Gawande makes a very poor effort.
The heroes of his early stories, from the 1940s and '50s, tend to be poor, inarticulate shopkeepers and workers (tailors, grocers, shoemakers, census-takers--Malamud almost always identified his characters by profession, in a bow to the proletarianism of the '30s), New York Jews mostly, whose rough outer appearances suddenly fall away to reveal inner souls of the purest lyrical passion.
And the Los Angeles Times leads with the governor's proposal for providing health care coverage for the children of California's working poor.
The explanation for this poor fit is provided in the Discussion section.
The remaining 20 lawyers work either in the LSNY central office or in the two programs it directly runs: one for the elderly and the other for the poor in the Williamsburg and Brighton Beach sections of Brooklyn.
A friend of mine who used to teach in an overcrowded New York City school makes the point that for a lot of poor kids, the library is the only place to do homework after school.
The bill Clinton signed this summer is deficient principally because it would cut poor people off even if they couldn't find jobs.
And poor performance isn't afforded much leniency.
Court President Stephen Schwebel, an American who once taught at Johns Hopkins, told the American Lawyer that NYU's assistance was appreciated because "the United Nations is in poor financial shape."
And, indeed, Long was an arch opponent of President Richard Nixon's Family Assistance Plan, which would have doubled the size of the welfare rolls by extending cash assistance to the "working poor."
If a poor person gets run over by a bus, an attorney might take that case because they might be able to recover part of the damage award as attorney fees.
The Community Legal Resources Network ''helps lawyers become economically viable so they can serve the poor and lower middle class, who often can't afford legal representation,'' said Dorothy Zellner, the law school's spokeswoman.
In June 2001 and again in December 2001, LSC Vice President for Programs Randi Youells participated in conferences that brought together leaders and visionaries from the legal services community in common law countries (Australia, England, New Zealand, Scotland, Ireland, Wales, Canada and the United States along with Germany and the Netherlands) and Southeast Asian countries to discuss emerging legal issues, government and alternative funding sources, access, technology and other urgent concerns facing providers of legal services to poor clients around the world.
That is what the poor fish goes through."
Women, senior citizens and the working poor still need our services, but new groups have emerged.
"Having grown up poor myself, I know that a lot of people are taken advantage of and need someone to advocate for them," said Jones.
Now that Congress and President Clinton have opted to use the threat of utter destitution to dissuade poor teen-agers and women from having children on the public dole, it's time to revive a more humane, and perhaps more effective, proposal with the same objective.
to some poor production assistant who's doing the best he can.
Or the poor?
He's really running on the idea of helping poor people--"strengthening the weak" and "challenging the strong" and spreading the new stock-market prosperity to the least among us.
[ 7 8 9 10 11 ] The lack of support for homeopathic therapies among Western practitioners stems, in part, from the scarce quantity and perceived poor quality of homeopathic clinical research.
The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here have consecrated it far above our poor power to add or detract.
A substantial percentage of human tumors lose the expression of the retinoblastoma tumor suppressor protein (Rb), important as a necessary condition for IFNg-mediated induction of MHCII [ 21 ] . Therefore, we wished to determine whether the poor IFNg inducibility of MHCII in LS1034, MSTO-211H and HepG2 cell lines could be explained by the loss of Rb.
While higher cigarette taxes don't convince the poor to stop smoking, studies have shown that a fat tax could convince them to buy less junk food.
This strategy addresses the stoichiometry, controlled drug release and poor antibody penetration problems associated with the use of monoclonal antibody-drug conjugates [ 6 7 8 ] . In addition, because the process of drug release is enzymatic, a single enzyme can generate a large amount of free drug.
Even for a Grisham novel, The Street Lawyer is said to be insubstantial, with "an unlikable hero, a slapdash plot and some truly awful prose" (Michiko Kakutani, the New York Times ). Grisham's social commentary is called both worthy and heavy-handed: His "depictions of the poor read like something turned in by a cub reporter" (Deirdre Donahue, USA Today ). The book is expected to sell out its 2.8-million-copy first run.
The Commission on Access to Justice says that government investment would have to triple to match the investment made by comparable states and the combined public/private investment must reach $533 million to adequately meet the legal needs of the poor.
The NYT Medicare story is that the General Accounting Office has just released a report uncovering widespread fraud, overcharges, and poor care in Medicare-funded services for the homebound elderly.
Calibration curves for the hybridizations described here were examined visually to rule out poor curve fits.
And should that matter, or should the Post 's editors give rich Russians the came courtesy they give poor blacks?
Lewis, by contrast, was darker-skinned and had been raised in poor, rural Alabama.
5%, respectively [ 11 13 ] . The failure rate after 10 years due to coping/porcelain fractures was 5%, while the remaining 1.5% failure rate was due to poor marginal fit that had resulted in caries [ 13 ] . In addition to these failures, minor fractures occurred in 5% of the remaining crowns [ 13 ] . These chipped crowns were polished and continued to function normally.
The scanned images were analyzed first using GenePix ®Pro 3.0 software (Axon Instruments) and spots of poor quality determined by visual inspection were also removed from further analysis.
How will we be judged in 100 or 200 years, when I would hope our ideals and deeds have advanced beyond their present poor state?
The HMO flight portends, says the Times , a return to skimping care for the poor and elderly.
Alliances between nongovernmental organizations and drug companies could catalyze research into the diseases that plague poor nations.
One thing is to write off a poor country's debts and quite another--to write off the debts of a member of the club of elite states."
Yet, it is fair to ask whether the diversion of public funds from public schools weakens and further threatens what was once a powerful institution of upward mobility for the poor and immigrants.
Patients with T 4 tumours were found to have a significantly poor survival, with the disease free survival at the end of 2 - years being 36.
'The remaining patients were excluded from the analysis of blood pressure (BP) data because of major protocol violations, poor compliance with medical visits, or withdrawal because of adverse events.
The plan will dovetail White House ideas, such as tax credits for banks that lend to poor neighborhoods, and House GOP ideas, such as the elimination of capital gains taxes on property sales in these "renewal communities."
It takes two British commentators on Flytrap--the liberal Guardian's Washington correspondent Martin Kettle and the conservative Daily Telegraph's "resident Bill-baiter"Ambrose Evans-Pritchard--and points out that "what both papers have in common is that their reporting simply reflects their prejudices--thus leaving the poor readers hopelessly confused and surprised by every new turn of events."
It means people who are poor and live in poor neighborhoods isolated from the mainstream world of work, where there are lots of single-mother households on welfare, few male breadwinners, and an adversary culture (typically aggravated by race differences).
The landlord was claiming Stimpson owed $2,750 in back rent, but Stimpson told Liebler she was planning to move out anyway because of the poor condition of her West Belden Avenue residence.
Survey: Legal system fails poor - Most don't know how to find a lawyer, or think they can't afford one
"The poor."
The question (not burning, perhaps--except for the poor dupes who suffered through the charmless Phantom because the Times recommended it) is how Maslin comes by this generosity.
The poor sap can't keep his secret.
(You are more likely to see greater numbers if the weather is poor; take seasickness medicine before boarding.)
As the papers report, the plan, which extends the government subsidy to the parents of the poor children who are now covered and employs subsidies and credits to encourage people to get coverage between jobs or prior to qualifying for Medicare, is much more like Al Gore's than Bill Bradley's, and in any case is not likely to get much Republican support.
Struggling to continue its mission of serving the poor, LSC ordered each of the 14 state legal service groups it finances to find new funding resources and to coordinate services better.
The nation, headquartered in Chicago, grew rapidly during the late '50s and early '60s thanks largely to proselytizing by Malcolm X. Temples appeared in major U.S. cities, drawing mainly the young and the poor.
The NYT lead doesn't mention poor people (although the paper's editorial on the subject does).
If Shuger believes Congress did a poor job of redacting the report before it was posted, he should say so.
Though we have always been poor in our natural resources, we are rich in the quality of people that we produce.
Overall, the Programs staff is pleased with the progress we have made and believe that our work has led to significant improvements in the opportunities for poor people in our country to access legal services.
Yes, even if the underclass shrinks through assimilation, the problem of the working poor will still be with us.
There are stories that narrate how she especially liked to help women in need and poor children, although it appears her goal was also to Christianize the Indians of the Southwest, whom she visited often.
Or, instead, should we fight tooth and nail to preserve and extend programs like the Earned Income Tax Credit that help the working poor?
There are powerful indigenous movements in almost every developing country in favor of better working conditions and higher wages, and in any case the fear of engaging in cultural imperialism is a poor guide to making policy.
Census data suggest that noncitizens are more likely than citizens to be poor (29% vs 16%), despite the fact that noncitizen families are as likely as citizen families to have at least one full-time worker (82% vs 85%) [ 22 ] . In their report on insurance rates for Hispanic immigrants, the Commonwealth Fund Task Force on the Future of Health Insurance found that the longer Hispanic immigrants had been permanent residents of the United States, the more likely they were to be covered by employer-related insurance [ 23 ] . Among low-income immigrants in the United States in 1999, 59% were uninsured, compared to 30% of low-income citizens [ 22 ] . The Kaiser Commission reports that immigrants may underutilize health care regardless of insurance coverage, out of fear of jeopardizing their citizenship eligibility by incurring costs as public charges [ 22 ] .
Years before in Colombia, German had looked into the eyes of poor children and told himself he'd help if he was ever in a position to do so.
Poor communism was inefficient enough that its people were able to accomplish some things despite it, but efficient enough that they couldn't have cable TV.
Thus a poor opening gross is a self-fulfilling prediction of failure.
However, a small number of outliers is present and probably represent situations where one or both of the replica spots are of poor quality.
The IRS is backing off attempts at auditing the complex returns of the better off, while putting more effort into looking for abuse of the Earned Income Tax Credit, a credit available only to the working poor, and into catching people who file no returns at all, traditionally a practice inordinately associated with modest earners.
"Unfortunately our clients, being poor, have nowhere else to turn for legal representation," she said. "
(According to Loury, "When I told one gathering of conservatives that their seeming hostility to every social program smacks of indifference to the poor, I was told that a surgeon cannot properly be said to have no concern for a terminally ill patient simply because he had moved on to the next case."
There are other problems with the X Percent Solution: Even if there's no school choice, won't it remove a major incentive for poor schools to improve?
In those days, the poor had a place to go, and they knew it.
Salaries are too high, attendance is spotty, and the chasm between rich and poor teams is widening.
Since the darkest probes may be more likely caused by their poor binding properties to the target gene, and the brightest probes may be more likely caused by serious cross hybridization issues, different parts of the integral distribution tend to have different qualities.
The fashion gaffes of the poor.
Who can imagine what that poor guy is going through right now?
He and his schoolteacher wife, Linda, probably didn't know they were starting out on the poor side.
The lack of glycosylation seen in the in vitro canine pancreatic microsomal membrane translation experiment may again be due to poor 55/57-kDa myocilin doublet resolution or the inability of this artificial system to faithfully glycosylate myocilin.
The problem, however, was not what one might have expected: the misunderstandings did not occur because the immigrant's English was poor.
Still, if thinness really becomes the ideal in every affluent culture--the way plumpness is in poor societies--it's curious.
All of the agency's clients are poor, and many are elderly or disabled, he said.
One could say that I have been in a poor mood.
Our analysis of these regions of the genome revealed an enrichment in SINES (approximately 25% of the sequence bin versus 13% overall in the genome) and GC content (approximately 50%), two common properties associated with gene-rich, L1-poor regions of the genome [ 1].
Therefore, because of the immature design, initially manufactured development missiles were hand-made, took longer to build than planned, and suffered from poor quality.
In contrast, the DOD programs, which had completed about one-quarter of their drawings when they transitioned to the demonstration phase and had less than half of their manufacturing processes in control when entering production, experienced poor cost and schedule outcomes.
Medicinal properties in the plants used for baths may help alleviate any subclinical infections these dogs might have due to their poor condition.
One will reward states that get more poor children into two-parent families.
Uniforms discriminate against girls (who must wear impractical skirts), cost money to parents (who still must buy play clothes) and schools (who must provide uniforms for poor students), and have not been shown to improve academic performance or behavior.
B ribing poor women and girls to implant Norplant would coerce them into not having children, thus violating their rights to reproductive choice, like the one-child-per-family policy and coerced abortions in China.
It's set in the Kansas Territory, shortly before the Civil War, when the area was an anarchic battleground between Northern abolitionists, poor pro-slavers from Missouri, and speculators out to make a buck.
Legal Services has fundamentally changed how government agencies relate to the poor," she said.
How nervewracking for his benefactor, that soon he'll be forced to compete with the poor resentful bastard!
Set in bleak hill country about 135 km (84 miles) north of Lisbon, Fátima — once just a poor village — is one of the most important centers of pilgrimage in the Catholic world, along with Lourdes in France and Santiago de Compostela in Spain.
This represents a small but telling victory for those Democrats--I call them Money Liberals--for whom getting cash to the poor, not upholding the work ethic, is the most important thing.
The Post fronts George W. Bush's poor performance in a foreign-policy pop quiz.
Tensions between the uneducated rural poor and the urban intellectuals were glaringly obvious to African-Americans, but largely invisible to the white press and the historians who succeeded them.
Steven Gottlieb, the society's executive director, said, "I can't imagine anything that could be better than to have the governor of the state, in his first act as a private citizen, donate six months of his time to represent poor people . . . That's just astounding to me."
This is another case where photographs are a poor substitute.
There was also poor documentation by physicians on valid reasons for hospitalizing low risk patients such as persistent nausea and vomiting, dehydration, homelessness and failed prior outpatient management.
It's not that the rich kids don't party as determinedly as the poor ones, it's that the dorms are prowled by sadistic faculty watchdogs such as Mr. Funderburk (Tim Crowe), as well as by students happy to rat out their peers if it means getting into an Ivy League school.
In still other cases, the company might guarantee that the executive will receive big bonuses in future years, poor profits notwithstanding.
The cover story assails the widening health gap between rich and poor countries.
Reviews for Vidal's 23 rd novel range from poor to lukewarm.
In the New York Times Book Review , Robert Fishman compares Bissinger's book to "such classics of urban reportage and analysis as J. Anthony Lukas's Common Ground ." Reviewers especially like its scope: Bissinger interweaves the stories of a shipyard worker and a poor black grandmother with political history.
The raw fact is that every successful example of economic development this past century--every case of a poor nation that worked its way up to a more or less decent, or at least dramatically better, standard of living--has taken place via globalization; that is, by producing for the world market rather than trying for self-sufficiency.
The program, called Title 1, was meant to zap the gap between rich and poor students but has achieved minimal discernible progress.
She came from less than nowhere: In 1954, she was born illegitimate, poor, female, and black in Jim Crow Mississippi.
Because caries experience associated with fluoride and gingival health in high responders, poor gingival health should increase the number of decayed teeth (DT) more than in low responders.
Mexicanos living in urban poor communities experience almost daily a breakdown in social relations.
9. Meet Barney the Lovable Purple Dinosaur and Gaze in Awe at the Splendors of Capitalism and Universal Studios Tour (Laid on to persuade the little Cuban raft-boy that living in a rich country with plentiful theme parks is better than returning to a poor country and his father.)
A decrease in the number of poor people in Ohio means there will be $2 million less in federal legal-aid money for the state next year, officials said yesterday.
But all were poor substitutes for true love and didn't vanquish his feelings of inadequacy and guilt.
President Clinton and congressional Republicans struck a budget deal . Clinton had demanded tax cuts for the working poor (as well as for the middle class), while the GOP had demanded tax cuts for the upper-middle class, and congressional Democrats had demanded more spending for their pet programs.
Daniel said funding must be doubled in the next five years if Legal Services is to continue to meet the needs of the poor.
What a poor use of $750 million a year that would be.
We can also say it because a society of poor working single mothers is probably unstable in a good way.
, 1999) and poor prognosis (Skatani, et al.
But even in good times - for lawyers, at least - there remain two seemingly immovable stumbling blocks for private attorneys willing to go to bat for poor people caught up in Civil Court matters:
Justice requests filing surcharge to fund legal aid for poor
But his piece has very little evidence, and almost no statistical evidence, about what has happened overall to Wisconsin's poor, including those who "no longer even apply for welfare"--the other half of the story.
Maybe all these people--mostly men, but I have seen a few women at it also--are calling their brokers to find out how rich they are or, more recently, how poor they are.
"Unless the legal aid is in the community, you can't say you are serving the poor," Mintie said.
For the first time, the standard of living for the nation's poor (although not the very poor) is rising.
2%) or a poor probe-labeling reaction (3.
Here's another one to add to the list Co the Legal Aid Bureau, founded in 1911 and today recognized nationally for its leadership in providing civil legal services to the poor.
In a biomechanical study on cadaver spine, using BAK cages and translaminar screw, Rathonyi et al [ 17 ] observed very poor rotational stability in specimens with poor endplate contact.
Similarly to the issues described in the previous section, the detection of such examples is complicated by the fact that for many cases in which a discrepancy between orthology bootstrap values and sequence similarity exists, all sequences in the Pfam alignment appear to have to same function, the Pfam family is lineage specific, or the annotations are too poor/confusing to make any kind of inference.
) More important, it has the Farrellys' characteristic mix of misery and brightness: Whenever the view of the working poor threatens to become oppressively self-pitying, the filmmakers pull something nutty out of their hat--a scam, a bit of stoner dialogue, a jolt of rock 'n' roll--to prove that this particular end only looks dead.
In 1986 Portugal, the former poor backwater of Europe, joined the European Economic Community (now the European Union, or EU).
(But, notes the WP , there was one growth of volume compared to 1987--that of on-line trading, which as a result yesterday provided poor to non-existent execution.)
Pundits variously characterized the likely move as 1) politically astute, since Buchanan would gain a platform for his views; 2) a sign of desperation, given his poor performance in the polls; and 3) misguided, since a three-way race would hurt the Republican nominee.
But "this ecological catastrophe--for it is an immense one--is above all the result of a misguided government policy," in effect since the early 1970s when a military dictatorship was in power, that sought to populate the Amazonian forest with poor peasants from northeastern Brazil.
Self-reported covariates include age, gender, smoking (never or former), history of arthritis, cancer, diabetes, fair or poor self-rated health status, limitations in activities of daily living or in instrumental activities of daily living, and 10 pounds or more unintended weight loss in the year before baseline.
The region designated as having HAT activity and containing the acetyltransferase domain shows poor conservation between orthologs and closely related paralogs of the ATF-2 family, especially in the sequence identified as the most prominent A motif of the acetyltransferase family (Figure 7).
As a result, the English parliament enacted the Penal Laws of 1704, which disenfranchised the Catholic Irish; their purpose was to keep the majority of Irish poor and powerless.
in very poor conditions" at her residence.
In a meeting of all the tenants in late January, the coalition's monitor allegedly called McDonald a "Nazi" who was enriching himself by exploiting poor blacks, and berated the black shelter manager as McDonald's lackey.
Even accounting for pro bono work, as much as 90 percent of the legal needs of the poor go unmet, according to Bill Underwood, a law professor at Baylor University.
, poor: HbA1c > 8.0%; very poor: HbA1c > 10%), with HbA1c ≤ 8.0 as the reference group.
The LAT mentions children, minorities, renters, and poor people, especially these categories in rural areas.
The general production of the book is poor: the paper has too much “see-through,” causing the type on the back of a page to interfere with the legibility; the type is too gray; the definitions are run into one another, with semicolons in place of definition numbers, making it difficult to distinguish senses and requiring one to read through a long entry before coming to the sense sought; it is almost impossible to discover where a new part of speech begins; subentries of idiomatic phrases and phrasal verbs are given the same prominence as headwords, making them easy to find but detracting from the headword treatment; and the substandard typography has created many loose lines which poor proofreading has failed to catch.
And as long as you have no realistic alternative to industrialization based on low wages, to oppose it means that you are willing to deny desperately poor people the best chance they have of progress for the sake of what amounts to an aesthetic standard--that is, the fact that you don't like the idea of workers being paid a pittance to supply rich Westerners with fashion items.
Francis Fukuyama, writing in the Wall Street Journal , says poor people around the world are dominated by "local companies … interlocked with local political elites in a web of cronyism and corruption.
Legal Services which provides civil legal services to the poor, the disabled, and the most vulnerable citizens of the state, can only represent, at best, 25 percent of the people who are in need of assistance and who meet the requirements for representation.
(And, poor souls, these investment bankers generally cannot find comfort in an independent value system.)
In California, cutting legal immigrants off federal aid simply dumps them onto local taxpayers, even though millions of poor continue to arrive.
Subscribing, like Bill Clinton, to the idea that suburban voters don't like Democrats enamored of liberal spending programs, Gore sandwiches his generosity toward the poor between more middle-class friendly ideas.
We categorized the last recorded HbA1c test value for each individual into two dichotomous measures representing poor and very poor glycemic control (i.e.
Doesn't this mean, then, that having a more or less equal distribution of income makes for a happier society, even if it does not raise anyone's material standard of living ? That is, you can use the fact that people did not feel poor in the 1950s as an argument for a more radical egalitarianism than even most leftists would be willing to espouse.
Born Alfred Bessette in 1845, one of a poor Québécois family of 12 children, Brother André was gatekeeper at the monastic Congregation of the Holy Cross.
However, one cannot extrapolate from mRNA abundance to relevant protein levels [ 48 ] . A recent study by Aebersole and coworkers [ 48 ] analyzing yeast protein and mRNA abundance clearly showed that mRNA transcript levels are poor predictors of protein expression.
Barr sharpening ax on legal aid to poor
Moore's poem, Nissenbaum writes, was intended to help turn Christmas from a public to a private holiday, to make it an event that rich and poor families would celebrate around their fireplaces.
Rather than easing the transition from welfare to work, states hoard block grants and dodge their obligations to the poor.
Conflicted over what its true mission is, PBS simultaneously whores for corporate money and aggressively gathers data on how poor, uneducated, and blue-collar its audience is.
Simply increasing inventory for all SKUs would be a poor allocation of investment, further increasing the order-fill rate for those SKUs for which service levels are already high.
"A disproportionate number of ill-fated characters comes from the ranks of poor, Latino and foreign men, and both young and old African-American and poor women."
Interestingly, one of the L1-poor/gene-rich regions identified is on the X chromosome (Figure 8).
9 percent of children are still poor.
She describes how difficult it is to survive on $7 an hour and how nasty working conditions for low-wage service employees are and explains why it costs more to be poor than to be rich (e.g.
In Rubin's defense, his stewardship of the economy has done more to help the poor than any federal grant program could have.
A poor immigrant Jew works as an assistant shoemaker, patiently waiting for the master shoemaker's daughter to grow old enough to marry.
Or the terrible cycle of poor self-esteem, bad study habits, unfulfilled potential, and a life ultimately lived without hope.
She remained desperately poor during her New York sojourn--another reason, perhaps, for her obsession with food--and returned to Japan in 1973, where she lives, by her own choice, in a Tokyo mental hospital that has a special emphasis on art therapy.
Behind the Begijnhof is the old Convent of St. Lucian, which became the city orphanage after the Alteration, although it was only open to well-to-do orphans; the poor had to fend for themselves.
In landlord-tenant disputes, small claims and housing matters, high numbers of poor litigants must argue pro se.
The agencies resolve serious legal problems for those with no place else to turn -- the poor, ethnic minorities, seniors and people with disabilities.
For example, patients with cirrhosis have a high severity of illness and poor prognosis when admitted to the ICU [ 19, 20, 21].
And so the supposed friends of poor workers abroad are no friends at all.
And fraught with trouble: imagine what will happen when rich people can pay to instantly smarten themselves but poor people can't.
The authors excluded from the analysis the other 24 patients who withdrew early because of adverse effects, lack of response or poor compliance.
My college son developed a problem for an ethics class that revolved around a wrenchingly poor "fictional" country that proposed to enable slavery in return for economic development.
7. Suppose the fish were really rich, should it pay the same income tax as a poor fish, maybe like a shad who works at Denny's?
On the heels of yesterday's studies from two think tanks suggesting that the income gap between rich and poor continues to grow, the LAT fronts and the Wall Street Journal front-indexes similar word today from the Federal Reserve.
I guess I am richer relative to the poor fellow who wants to earn the cost of my apartment by writing essays for $1 a word.
… A George W. Bush cover story argues that Bush's record of crony capitalism is a poor omen for his presidency.
When all the candidates were asked about the "digital divide"--the notion that poor people and minorities are suffering from their lack of access to computers--McCain gave an answer that could have been Al Gore's, lauding efforts to connect schools and libraries to the Internet and decrying "the growing gap between the haves and have-nots in America."
In what were the two most populous poor countries, China and India, the improvement in the economic conditions of life has been especially noticeable.
William Labov, a professor of linguistics at the University of Pennsylvania and the author of an early study, The Social Stratification of English in New York (1966), has been arguing for years that, whatever its original sources, the language of poor, urban blacks is becoming ever more divergent from that of other Americans, as de facto racial segregation and social isolation become the permanent lot of a vast subgroup of African Americans.
Several factors that the rule does not take into account may greatly influence the decision to admit a patient, the most important being factors related to the patient such as poor social support, inability to maintain oral intake and history of substance abuse.
24,000 community volunteers pick up 2 million pounds of litter, plant 1,200 trees and paint 50 homes for the poor and elderly.
Looking back, Zucker said he doesn't regret his decision to dedicate his career to defending the poor.
11, 2002--The Texas Equal Access to Justice Foundation, the largest Texas-based funding source for legal aid organizations in the state, has awarded Justice Deborah Hankinson the prestigious Harold F. Kleinman award for outstanding contributions to the delivery of civil legal services to the poor.
Poor word choice or obituary humor ? Sunday's NYT carried the obit of Paul G. Hearne, wheel-chair-bound his whole life but a tireless advocate for the disabled who, among other accomplishments, helped write the Americans With Disabilities Act.
For instance the high-end design of a women’s jacket, made from $300-a-yard cashmere plaid fabric, can still be of very poor quality if the plaids do not match on the lapels, the inseams of the sleeves, or along the seam joining the back panels.
Thus, while poor households may actually be spending more on coils or sprays, the richer households are, according to these results, much more likely to use bednets.
The poor fit on the right has 2 additional breakpoints, at 90 and 140 minutes.
Furthermore, we found that a region of the X chromosome at which many X-inactivated genes are located is quite L1-poor, a finding that is contrary to a direct role for L1s in X inactivation.
The President told us he was frustrated with the poor communications that morning.
"In a country of many poor and marginalized people, the deaf are almost invisible," grieved the Times . (7/28)
The GOP wanted to cut poor people off the dole, but was ignoring the much larger sums that go to businesses in the form of tax breaks, direct subsidies, and regulatory favoritism.
West Virginia has one Legal Aid lawyer for every 7,895 poor people in the state.
But the paper squanders a bit of this edge when it writes that the situation in East Timor "has for two decades remained a largely invisible problem closed off to journalists, and the scene of some of the world's worst reported human rights abuses," thus falsely suggesting that poor coverage of the topic was somehow mostly caused by something other than press inattention.
Paul Krugman, in his recent article, "A Raspberry for Free Trade," suggests that the opponents of imports from countries with poor working conditions are in fact being disingenuous: They don't really oppose the bad conditions.
"For so long there has been such misunderstanding between the religious community and the work lawyers do for the poor.
In the days of the Aquino administration, there was one official in fact who--to justify his purchase of electric massage pillows--had the temerity to say 'we are a rich country pretending to be poor.
For more than half a century, the Passaic County Legal Aid Society has fought on behalf of the county's poor, in disputes ranging from housing to child custody to public assistance.
The urgent thrust of this year's Lawyers' Campaign for Equal Justice, now at full flood, is to have more private lawyers throw lifelines to the poor, elderly, disabled, unemployed and disadvantaged drowning in the legal surf.
The craziest poor sucker in a group of 20,000 bidders on the Internet is likely to be crazier than the craziest one among 200 in a Burbank hotel ballroom.
Provision of basic public health services were compromised, including repairing antiquated water and sewer systems, resulting in increased risk for gastroenteritis and infections with hepatitis A [ 11 ] ; the largest documented outbreak of typhoid in this century occurred in Tajikistan in February 1997 [ 12 ] . Practices such as reusing syringes during vaccination and poor sterilization procedures during dentistry have contributed to nosocomial outbreaks of HIV and a high prevalence of infections with hepatitis B [ 13 ] .
OLYMPIA (AP) - The Washington Supreme Court is asking the Legislature to approve a $90 surcharge on a court filing fee to help provide legal help for the poor in civil cases, Chief Justice Gerry Alexander said Wednesday.
This was an improvement over the poor prognosis for Lifr -/- newborns described initially [ 31 ] . In that study, Lifr -/- pups rarely survived natural delivery, but when they did, they were excluded from the litter and died at variable times beginning one hour following birth.
I was pleased to see that Beale accepts the etymology of (British) po-faced as coming from po `chamber pot,' disagreeing with Collins English Dictionary [Editorial Director: L. Urdang] which traces it to a modification of poor-faced . I never cared for that, on the grounds that I know of no British dialect that pronounces poor as [pou].
California does have a strong network of legal aid organizations that try to help meet the needs of the poor, but there's just one legal aid lawyer available per 10,000 poor people.
However, studies in recent years have further shown that the c- myc gene participates in most aspects of cellular function, including replication, growth, metabolism, differentiation and apoptosis [ 34 ] . Amplification of the oncogene HER-2 / neu has also been shown to be indicative of poor prognosis in breast cancer.
This strikes me as just as much a testament to the campaign's poor morale and weak organization as it is to the skill of reporters like Seelye.
The NYT 's account quotes an additional cause here, of Dostoevskian proportions: "our poor lives."
Almost surely not--because in 1950 they were middle class, while in 1996 they would be poor, even if they lived better in material terms.
In the wake of the 2000 census, which showed 35,000 fewer poor people in the state, as well as a change in the distribution formula, LAF expects to get $350,000 less from LSC starting next January, Roodman said.
The site sprawls over a wide area, but unfortunately, some remains are in poor condition, a situation which causes the site to close intermittently because of the danger of falling masonry.
On Martinique the Tourist Office advises that the safest beaches for poor swimmers are at Sainte-Anne, Trois-Ilets, Sainte-Luce, Trinité, and Carbet.
As part of a nationwide overhaul of Legal Services Corp. to get more poor people legal help, nine legal aid groups in Texas are being folded into three, creating mega-programs involving dozens of counties across thousands of miles.
(John 18:38); "He gave up the ghost" (Luke 23:46); and "The poor you will always have with you" (Deuteronomy 15:11, Matthew 26:11).
This was accompanied by the (usual) lamentations over the “murder of a fine language,” the generally poor standard of English encountered in the newspapers and on radio and TV, and the observation that “children cannot spell or use the right tenses.”
Poor folk wander onto those tracks: Boom!"
In addition, to foster a results-oriented culture in federal agencies, the Congress is considering legislative proposals to, among other things, focus attention on the impact poor performance can have on the effectiveness of an organization and require agencies to have a chief human capital officer to select, develop, and manage a productive, high-quality workforce.
The significance of HGF/SF as a marker of poor prognosis might also be associated with its effects on acquired resistance to anti-cancer drugs [ 35 36 ] . HGF/SF protects cancer cells from DNA-damaging chemotherapy agents through pathways involving signaling from Met to phosphoinositide 3-kinase and c-Akt [ 29 ] . Human breast cancer cells, preincubated with HGF/SF and then exposed to Adriamycin, exhibit an altered pattern of gene expression compared with cells treated with Adriamycin alone.
One lacking in imagination could use Povero (poor) or Scarso (scarce) to name a pauper or a miser.
"My poor judgment": Adultery.
If you owned no part of corporate America 30 years ago, because you were poor, you lost nothing.
This may explain the poor rotational stability with rectangular cages as observed by Lund et al [ 4 ] The Contact ®cages have smooth surfaces to fit the endplate contour.
Because a student can get a higher grade point average if he or she is fortunate enough to go to a high school that offers a full range of advanced placement courses, which poor urban school districts are less likely to do.
Not surprisingly, the poor rats couldn't remember the way to the platform after that.
The affect of poor performers on agencies' performance and morale can far exceed their small numbers.
Linda Samels Ceballos entered Loyola Law School in Los Angeles knowing she wanted to represent the poor.
Nearly a year after Sept. 11, the Legal Aid Society-the lawyers for New York's poor and homeless-remains, well, homeless.
-- Making pro bono a part of the culture and fabric of the legal community to dramatically increase participation in the direct representation of the poor and disadvantaged.
And then it was the turn of a jet flown by a Brazilian airline with a notoriously poor safety record.
The 3-year-old program connected 10,000 poor people with health care and earned Dudovitz entrée to legislative committees and elected officials grappling with how to provide medical services for the poor.
People who know how to use them (usually not the poor) can makes themselves look awfully pitiable.
The use of viral vectors should offer enhanced efficiencies and versatility for the expression of cloned genes in various cell types than approaches using expression plasmids that are printed on solid surfaces [ 15 16 ] . This might be particularly true to primary cells, which often show poor expression of encoded genes when plasmid-based expression vectors are used.
Irish Gaelic has an extensive written literature based on old monastic tradition (and the newer nationalism), but Scots Gaelic by comparison is in poor shape.
Thus, the expression of transgenes is extremely poor [ 12 ] . The expression of CAR on the surface of COLO205 cells is even lower than HT-29 cells, and such CAR expression can be seen on only about 50% of COLO205 cells.
The opportunity of submitting a manuscript via the Internet excludes possible obstacles caused by poor postal services.
In a poor rural family, children still do chores on the farm.
Clinical assessments of health status as measures of susceptibility or potential for the threat of poor health outcomes included two dichotomous measures of body mass index [ 14 ] (i.e.
In strolls Jim Lindsay, saying he's a retired lawyer now living in Savannah and he was interested in doing free legal work for poor people.
His sister Lucrezia, forever smeared by anti-Spanish propaganda of the day as mistress of both her father and brother, was in fact, as Duchess of Ferrara, a generous patroness of the arts and benefactress of the poor.
The toughest challenge in defending the poor is focusing on a case's merits and not on a client's circumstances, Zucker said.
The quality scores of motion palpation studies were good; however all the tests had poor sensitivity.
The poor man asking for bread will
Sequencing was repeated for regions of poor quality (that is, Phred score < 40).
Lack of sensitivity may result from technical issues such as poor probe performance [ 11 ] or low copy number transcripts.
In East Asia, democratization will have to come from the newly poor middle class.
Any efforts government might make to improve the economic opportunities of poor people, especially poor black people, are likely to fail, because their poverty is so much the result of inherited low intelligence.
Poor people threatened by the new law, the most sweeping changes since federal welfare was created in 1935, have not flooded child welfare rolls, homeless shelters, food pantries or soup kitchens."
The far left likes to substitute it for broken windows because it proves that I am a fascist conducting a war on "homeless" and the poor; the far right loves the term "zero tolerance" as a replacement for broken windows because it justifies police "ass kicking."
Now shorn of his revolutionary beard and wearing rimless Western spectacles, he says that "after 20 years of great difficulties, including a war imposed on us and poor economy," he and his peers are "confronting the demand of the people to participate in politics."
President Clinton and congressional Republicans wrapped up their budget talks . Clinton had demanded tax cuts for the working poor, while the GOP had demanded tax cuts for the upper-middle class.
3 The IRS persecutes the poor: One of the disguised IRS agents said on 60 Minutes that the agency focuses on the poor and ignores wealthy people "because those people can bring in an accountant or a tax attorney and fight this system."
The commission's October 1997 report, Critical Foundations: Protecting America's Infrastructures, described the potentially devastating implications of poor information security from a national perspective.
It is impossible to measure the calming influence that ascending firefighters had on descending civilians or whether but for the firefighters' presence the poor behavior of a very few civilians could have caused a dangerous and panicked mob flight.
In its early life it was more than a church, acting as a marketplace and hostel for the poor and needy.
Because the 1+ and 2+ readings had poor reproducibility, we were concerned that this inaccuracy might have impaired our ability to detect a difference between patients and control women.
(As opposed to the voyeuristic Rosetta , where the camera pants after the poor heroine, cornering her like a pig in a pen and treating her vulnerability as a turn-on--an occasion for a kind of art-house porn.)
"What, we poor?
The LAT reports that when Keyes criticized McCain for saying he liked Nine Inch Nails, McCain climbed down quickly, saying the band was a "poor choice."
for the poor that earned Lalley kudos for saving Western Michigan Legal
Will meets the poor kid when the woman Will is currently attempting to date drags the boy along on a picnic as a favor to the boy's flaky mother.
"Oh, some sort of shelter for the poor.
E-voting might actually be a boon to the poor, who often can't miss work to vote as easily as higher-income types can.
We have also shown that basal cortisol levels correlate with the severity of the illness, and that very high corti-sol levels signify a poor prognosis in the standard therapy group (Fig.
"In a country of many poor and marginalized people, the deaf are almost invisible," grieved the Times . (7/28)
Jesus is wistful, more than angry, at the continued success of the devil, but he modestly hopes that he is himself still of some use to the poor old human race.
A drawback of this simple definition of 'healthy' is that it does not distinguish between fair or poor health and death, since all are considered 'not healthy'.
You are a poor excuse for a human being.
Hanjour flew the Hudson Corridor, but his instructor declined a second request because of what he considered Hanjour's poor piloting skills.
He also asked that local lawyers double the time they gave to the poor.
Peoria County State's Attorney Kevin Lyons said all the budget cuts will not affect poor criminals because the state court appoints public defenders.
The working poor are the group of eligible recipients who are most likely to stigmatize the receipt of welfare.
Sequences obtained from bacteria databases were not included in the phylogenetic analysis because of their poor lod-score, but were considered in subsequent analyses.
Thompson's poor performance has infuriated conservative colleagues, especially Trent Lott, and may have crippled his presidential ambitions.
Now, Hall said, he wants to make services to the poor more efficient by working with law students who will handle less complicated legal matters, allowing licensed attorneys to take more "high impact" cases to court.
First he said House Republicans shouldn't "balance their budget on the backs of the poor."
PHILADELPHIA--(BUSINESS WIRE)--June 29, 2002--Philadelphia lawyers have reason to be proud of their collective "commitment to make legal services available to the poor and needy" in the region but the "justice system still remains closed to many" and much more needs to be done.
Andrew Kohut of the Pew Research Center cites Gore's poor ratings in head-to-heads against Bush as evidence that the veep is a victim of "Clinton fatigue."
But, like so many others, Warwick's faith in the business of getting poor and desolate people to shell out enormous amounts of money they really shouldn't be spending for worthless advice remained unshaken.
Some of the biggest drops in death rates have been among the poor and racial minorities.
Most of the claimants are angry at the poor quality or low value of the degrees they received.
The New York Times reveals that nonprofits, including churches, pocketed millions in Federal grants that are designated to feed poor children.
If the administration wants to get more money to the working poor--as it should--why not do it through measures restricted to the working poor, like an expanded EITC and a higher minimum wage, rather than through food stamps?
(The kind of due process liberals dream of for the poor but never get.)
While the leather is generally of good quality, some of the goods on offer in the popular tourist resorts suffer from poor stitching, so check the standard of craftsmanship carefully before buying.
State-of-the-art statistical and remote-homology gene-prediction methods are successful at identifying the location of exons in unannotated genomic DNA, but are often quite poor at predicting the details of gene structure, necessitating human curation [ 14].
Lalley also is enthused about other bar efforts on behalf of the poor, most notably the Legal Assistance Center will operate out of the new courthouse.
As for presidential politics, we agree that poor coverage is not exclusively the media's fault, or even principally its fault.
"Unfortunately, the Legal Services Corp. that's in existence now is dedicated to political activism and leftist causes, and, sometimes, the representation of the poor," said Todd Gaziano, senior fellow in legal studies at the Washington-based Heritage Foundation.
But poor people are usually not in a position to demand stock options.
But this would be a poor classification rule because the FPR would also be 1.
Is this simply the nature of status--the rich will always find a way to distinguish themselves from the poor?
One of my hobbyhorses is that the vast majority of dailies and magazines are overstaffed by at least 50 percent--there's a problem with unions for you--and still the quality, overall, is poor, especially in comparison with the upmarket British dailies.
The subject covered a whole inside page of the paper, which described her as a "poor romantic Englishwoman" who had followed a "bucolic idyll" by going to live in Tuscany and had then had all her pets killed.
I have seen plastic-lidded containers which are completely safe to use in the microwave—so long as you don't use the lid; all manner of tablets instructing you to take two every four hours—but no more than six in any twenty-four hour period; and a notice by school bosses who were determined to improve the poor standard of spelling on the Isle of White .
Poor health care access and inadequate preventive asthma care have also been frequently cited as contributing factors [ 5, 12, 13, 14, 15].
As the leader of a country, you can choose to conform to international economic norms or you can choose to be poor.
The Diccionario de Mejicanismos defines rascuache as pobre, “a miserable person,” poor, lowly, wretched.
To explore this further we measured Her2/neu protein levels, which are known to be correlated with poor prognosis.
When language is perceived to be a public problem (bilingual education, poor writing test scores, nonstandard usage), the public seeks simple solutions: Make English official; teach more grammar; emphasize correctness.
But the poor archaeologist can only wonder about the lives of the people who lived in the city's bones, hard as one might work to get those bones to speak.
Excessive antimalarial drug use is costly, propels the emergence of drug resistant parasites, speeds the obsolescence of affordable drugs and retards malaria control [ 6 ] . Prompt diagnosis and effective treatment of malaria improves prognosis [ 2 ] . In the absence of diagnostic microscopy in resource poor, remote villages of tribal forested belt of central India, the detection of P. falciparum histidine rich protein 2 (Pf HRP-2) in a blood specimen is one method by which expeditious diagnosis of falciparum malaria can be made on the spot [ 7 8 ] . Recently introduced rapid malaria test, Determine™ malaria pf (Abbott Laboratories, Japan) have been evaluated for its effectiveness in detecting P. falciparum malaria in Philippines [ 9 ] and in central India [ 10 ] .
'Twenty-four failed to complete the (six-month) trial, and thus were not included for analysis because of 1) withdrawal for symptomatic adverse effects, 2) lack of response, and 3) poor compliance.
Third, performance management systems provide the necessary information and documentation to deal with poor performers.
Political reform followed too, creating a city government that better represented both blacks and poor whites.
But it's still a good idea, for poor girls and women themselves, and for the rest of us.
In Utah, lawmakers do not feel the need to appropriate money so that the poor and elderly can afford quality legal care.
If NATO's attacks were initially directed at military targets, "they are now ruining the economy of rather a poor country.
He spent four days visiting poor areas such as Appalachia, Watts, and the Mississippi Delta to "shine the spotlight on places still unlit by the sunshine of our present prosperity."
Too young for Medicare, not poor enough for Medicaid, and largely victims of corporate downsizing, these "near elderly" are old enough to contract expensive, age-related illnesses.
The prevalence of chronic conditions such as hypertension, non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, and coronary heart disease (CHD) in developed countries demand substantial medical resources [ 1 ] . Moreover, these conditions are becoming increasing common among the well-off groups in middle and low-income countries [ 2 ] . While the quality of life and health of individuals is adversely affected by chronic conditions, there is a concomitant loss in work productivity [ 3 4 ] . This is especially important for middle and low-income countries where skilled labor is relatively scarce and the treatment of chronic conditions may entail a reduction in health care resources available for diseases afflicting the poor [ 5 ] . A preventive approach to chronic diseases is therefore appealing.
For bringing legal representation to the poor and a host of other social causes, including finding medical care for seriously ill children in Latin America, the Moravian College Alumni Association has chosen Rooney for its prestigious Haupert Humanitarian Award.
With an onionskin-thin budget several years back, Legal Services of Eastern Oklahoma, the area's largest "law firm to the poor," nearly became Lip Service of Eastern Oklahoma.
John McKay, president of the organization, said the refocused and larger programs can raise more money, find more lawyers and increase the number of poor people who get help through the civil courts system.
We categorized the last recorded HbA1c test value for each individual into two dichotomous measures representing poor and very poor glycemic control (i.e.
On the other hand, patients with activated B-like DLBCL had a poor prognosis, with less than a quarter of these patients alive five years following therapy.
Senior executives refer to the balanced scorecard data at their leadership meetings, discuss how they performed relative to the scorecard, and identify the causes behind outstanding and poor performance.
But the piece also observes that if the free market is allowed to determine which New York hospitals close, poor patients are the likely losers.
His analysis focuses on the dynamics of this joking behavior, relajando, and how the working poor utilize it to disrupt values imposed on them by the social classes in power or the dominant culture.
In other mice, both a - and b - wave amplitude reductions were seen, due in part to poor pupillary dilation.
Taking from the poor and giving to the rich is the opposite of income redistribution as it is usually practiced.
Bobby Rush, D-Ill., a former Black Panther, that Daley had neglected poor people.
"This poor sinner": Adultery.
It should be intuitive that poor planning and design practices result in
Both Grand Rapids attorneys also were well known in the local and state legal circle for their heart and hard work for the poor.
If one takes the set of regions for calling a combination positive that gives a good ROC curve in a random sample of data, it may give a poor ROC curve in another random sample of the data, simply due to selecting chance patterns in the first sample.
MGMT gene encodes O(6)-methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase and this enzyme effectively removes DNA adducts formed by alkylating agents [ 33 ] . Epigenetic gene silencing of MGMT confers enhanced sensitivity to alkylating-based chemotherapy, and lack of methylation associates with failure to respond to chemotherapy [ 34 35 ] . On the contrary, all patients that had MGMT promoter methylation were dead within 21 months of initial diagnosis, which predicts a poor prognosis.
My answer is: "Underclass" doesn't mean people who are poor, or even people who are poor and live in neighborhoods with other poor people.
Tucker Carlson ( Late Edition ) argues that Steve Forbes' poor showing in the Time poll (8 percent), despite his millions of dollars, should give pause to advocates of campaign-finance reform.
"There are now just over 1 million poor citizens in Ohio who qualify for our services.
Among these practices are "social promotion," whereby unqualified students are kicked up to the next grade level; persistent low academic performance; poor discipline; and the assignment of teachers to subjects for which they are unqualified.
Now they're low on priests, and capitalism stands rampant, with its attendant onus on the poor.
We also tried to extract data on adverse events, but were unable to make a reasonable approach due to the poor reporting.
They are the ones who are really dedicated to helping the poor."
PASADENA -- Neighborhood Legal Services, which provides free legal services to the poor, has expanded into the San Gabriel and Pomona valleys, areas with large Asian populations, many of whom speak limited or no English.
The cleavage and subsequent deactivation of this caspase 3-dependent DNase inhibitor suggested that amino-terminal BRCA1 mutations enhance cellular apoptosis contributing to poor cell survival.
McALLEN (AP) - The consolidation of legal services agencies for the poor may improve efficiency, but won't increase the number of clients served, a rural legal specialist in South Texas says.
I think it is incredibly poor taste, rude, and offensive for anyone to bring a "token" gift--especially if one party has never been married.
The grants come at a time when funding for programs providing attorneys for the poor are in jeopardy from declining interest rates, cutbacks in federal funding and legal challenges.
And before welfare reform, at least, an additional child usually meant an increase in a poor urban family's benefits.
Chernow attributes Rockefeller's poor relations with Harper to the fact that the college president was a spendthrift.
Volunteer pro bono and Legal Aid services such as these are vitally needed as poor and moderate-income Oregonians try to stay healthy in a sick economy.
In Tivolí you’ll find the famous Padre Pico steps, named for a Santiaguero priest who aided the city’s poor.
by Charles Paul Freund, and found it to be in very poor taste.
Segregation on Chicago's South Side is as vicious as it is in Compton, and if you're talking about criminalizing the poor and turning public space over to Disney, then Rudolph Giuliani's New York City would seem to be the current industry leader.
Miscellany: The government confirmed the first known case of HIV transmission through French kissing . The report explained that although saliva is a poor carrier of the virus, in this case both partners had gum disease, which evidently allowed blood-to-blood transmission.
Certainly Congress is in no danger of being overrun by Gucci-clad lobbyists working for the poor and the environment.
From this he concludes that welfare reform "may end up making less of a difference in the lives of the poor, socially or economically, than much of the public imagined."
As you would expect, higher-income mothers are more likely to use relatively expensive center care than are the working poor; but, thanks to government subsidies, the "non-working poor"--i.e.
A second floor loggia is adorned with Jacopo della Quercia’s 15th-century carvings for the city fountain Fonte Gaia (of which a poor 19th-century replica stands in the piazza).
Sequences that appeared to be of very poor quality (three or more internal stop codons or frameshifts observed in any 60-amino-acid stretch) were rejected because these sequences either are derived from pseudogenes or, if they represent functional loci, novel sequence information is obscured by the high levels of noise present in the sequences.
Bronx Legal Services is one of seven nonprofit groups in the city that contract with Legal Services of New York (LSNY) to provide legal services to the poor.
He would require poor mothers to sign "individual responsibility plans."
"We could throw as many lawyers as we can get at the poor and still need more," he said.
Long didn't like the idea adding millions of people to the rolls, but he wasn't at all adverse to the notion of giving poor people a helping hand--as long as it was done in a way that would encourage rather than discourage work.
In the City Council, Messinger was generally considered a staunch voice for tenants, for children, for the homeless and the poor.
A download is a poor substitute."
Some recipients grew up poor and want to give back, while others feel the need despite having a middle-class upbringing.
These findings are part of a survey, the first of its kind in almost 20 years to examine the experiences of the poor in the legal system, released today by the nonprofit Legal Services of New Jersey, an Edison corporation that coordinates the state's system of legal aid organizations.
Murakami's aim is to "capture illegitimate passion's elusive madness," but he "falls short" (Elizabeth Ward, the Washington Post ). This book lacks the scope of his earlier works, and at times the language dips into cliché, but some reviewers attribute this to a poor translation.
Generally Republicans agree that rich people should pay more taxes than poor people.
(Click if you're interested in another marriage penalty on the working poor that no one seems upset about.)
Mintie, a Claremont resident, made it possible for Ceballos to represent poor clients against wealthy landlords, a calling about as low-paying as lawyer jobs get, and pay off her loans at the same time. "
The sites chosen for rural camposantos were often on tierra muerta, barren land that was too poor to cultivate.
Law school graduates paying back $80,000 and more in college loans are reluctant to seek low-paying jobs representing the poor, legal experts say.
Perhaps his most astounding coup was the monstrous Kitano tea ceremony attended by hundreds of rich and poor followers, who were all obliged to stay to the end.
Historian Doris Kearns Goodwin opines that the 21st century will provide more opportunity to help the poor.
It"s endemic to the entire profession, Snider said: "Basically if you"re rich, you can hire lawyers, and if you"re poor, you can have one appointed.
From the standpoint of style, clichés are anathema: they are boring, repetitious, and reflective of poor writing.
"The Butler County attorneys have really stepped up to the plate to help us represent the poor population in this county," said LSSM Director of Development Sharon Alexander. "
Therefore: Most News Quiz participants are lawyers who take out their frustrations on a poor Supreme Court justice just because he is a coldhearted, reactionary bastard with dubious views about race and little understanding of American life.
TSP-1 is a homotrimeric multidomain glycoprotein synthesized and secreted by numerous cell types, including platelets, vascular smooth muscle cells and keratinocytes [ 4 ] . Due to its interaction with a wide variety of proteins, TSP-1 has been implicated in a number of biological processes including coagulation, cell adhesion, the modulation of cell-cell and cell-matrix interactions, control of tumor growth and metastasis, and angiogenesis [ 10 ] . Inhibition of tumor cell proliferation has been achieved in vivo by systemic treatment with TSP-1 peptide mimetics [ 11 ] , but a correlation between primary tumor TSP-1 expression and poor prognosis has not been clearly established [ 12 ] . While there are reports that these molecules can originate from tumor cells [ 13 ] , the majority of reports have suggested that the major source of both TSP-1 and OPN is tumor-associated stroma [ 14 ] or infiltrating macrophages and lymphocytes [ 15 ] .
Most of them were performed on poor women who could not muster the money to pay for abortions earlier in their pregnancies.
Surprisingly, despite the poor fit to the venous data using the 2-exponential r(t) for the 10 minute infusion, the intestinal absorption rate (fig.
We eat without thought to the consequences and expect the medical industry to drop us a pill for our ills, many of which are the result of poor nutrition.
Documented barriers to prenatal care among similar populations include: 1) previous, unsatisfying experiences with prenatal services including culturally inappropriate care [ 14 16 20 21 22 23 ] ; 2) unplanned or denied pregnancy [ 14 24 25 26 ] ; 3) avoidance of sanctions for poor health habits such as drug and alcohol use, risky sexual behaviors, heavy smoking, and eating disorders [ 14 22 27 28 29 30 ] ; 4) stress or depression [ 14 31 32 33 ] ; 5) homelessness [ 14 16 34 35 ] ; 6) poor treatment in the system due to race, particularly for African Americans [ 23 33 36 37 38 39 ] ; 7) beliefs about the importance of initiation and compliance with prenatal care [ 26 37 ] ; and 8) financial issues [ 27 38 39 ] . While we understand some of the barriers, health care providers need to better understand what attracts vulnerable urban women to and retains them in prenatal care.
Acute pain has been studied in single dose designs first proposed by Beecher and colleagues [ 1 2 ] and formalized by Houde and Wallenstein [ 3 ] . The problem with single trials is that while they can demonstrate statistical superiority of analgesic over placebo, variation because of random chance means that, if small, they provide a poor estimate of the size of the analgesic effect [ 4 ] . Combining results from clinically homogeneous trials in a meta-analysis gives an accurate estimate of the extent of the analgesic effect when sufficient numbers of patients have been randomized [ 4 5 ] .
One will reward states that enroll more poor children in Medicaid.
13, 2002-Michigan will lose $2 million in federal funding and $600,000 in state funding to provide legal aid to the poor in 2003, according to Deierdre L. Weir, executive director of the Legal Aid and Defender Association, Inc., the state's largest provider of legal services to the poor.
Throughout the 18th century, Dutch influence and authority slowly spread across the Indonesian archipelago, but bypassed the relatively poor, unimportant island of Bali.
Several possible structural explanations for poor repression by T59S were offered: 1. The loss of the Thr59 methyl group results in a reduction of hydrophobic interaction area of 25Å 2(out of 700 Å 2total).
Personal shoppers are a poor substitute for the communal pleasure of hunting down the perfect sweater with pals.
Today, some poor soul (two actually) at the Wall Street Journal has to write about Scottish Power's expected announcement that it has agreed to acquire PacifiCorp, yadda yadda, but elsewhere in the paper, another reporter lucks out.
And instead of proposing coercive systems to make poor women work and poor men support their families, Bradley suggests various ways of raising their incomes to the poverty line.
The reasons are technical, arising from the way the software processed radar information, as well as from poor primary radar coverage where American 77 was flying.
Hoyo Marvilla, another well-known barrio in East Los Angeles, was famous because it was where farmworkers lived and was extremely poor.
One goal is to get the state Legislature to pass a law to provide loan forgiveness to medical professionals and lawyers who work with the poor.
(A common corollary to this is that trade is widening the gap between rich and poor in all countries.)
When I think of grace, I am reminded of the many Salvation Army officers and employees who selflessly dedicate their lives to the poor and brokenhearted.
The filles du Roi were in fact daughters of peasants and poor artisans, shipped over from France as wives for bachelor farmers and fur traders.
Wilhelm H. Joseph Jr., executive director of the Legal Aid Bureau, which helps fund legal services for the poor in civil matters, said that Take 2 "is not charity.
The concept that fluoride protects better from caries in a low pH environment [ 12 ] was recently used to explain why there is a poor association between caries experience and pH fall after a 10% sucrose rinse [ 33 ] . In low responders, increased fluoride exposure from dentriflce use to maintain oral health, or from water fluoridation, associate relatively poorly with caries experience.
1.111-13) expressing to Holofernes his feelings toward his monarch, as he avows how he would gladly permit his king “to lean upon my poor shoulder, and with his royal finger, thus dally with my excrement.”
Cathartic medications fall into several classes [ 70 ] . For patients with advanced illness, poor mobility, and decreased oral intake, a stimulant laxative (eg, prune juice, senna, casanthranol, or bisacodyl) is appropriate front-line therapy [ 71 ] . Osmotic laxatives (eg, magnesium salts, lactulose, sorbitol) may be added.
My answer is: "Underclass" doesn't mean people who are poor, or even people who are poor and live in neighborhoods with other poor people.
We have previously investigated nmt55/p54 nrbprotein expression in human breast tumors and observed a statistically significant association between decreased nmt55/p54 nrbexpression, loss of hERα and hPR and increased tumor size [ 13 ] . It is possible that decreased nmt55/p54 nrbexpression represents poor tumor differentiation, increased tumor growth and metastases since reduced or absent hERα expression and function correlates with poor tumor differentiation [ 11 36 ] and tumor size is a strong indicator of tumor progression [ 37 ] . Here we investigated nmt55/p54 nrbmRNA expression using Northern blot analyses and ribonuclease protection assays to determine if the reduction of nmt55/p54 nrbprotein expression was the result of transcriptional regulation.
Atul Gawande throws out some interesting hypotheses about the link between obesity and poverty in his article "." Here's another: Perhaps the future is more valuable to rich people than to poor people.
[ 13 ] The method for identifying patients who fit the pattern most likely to respond to Rhus tox was crude, however, reflecting poor homeopathic practice.
They could certainly print the same ones verbatim every year, but instead they assign some poor beleaguered writer to dress them up by adding a few expressions from rap records.
California Rural Legal Assistance has purchased an Oxnard building it had been renting since earlier this year, moving the provider of legal services for Ventura County's poor closer to two goals.
But both the design and workmanship were considered poor.
Apparently, some rescue workers took an adjacent elevator to the place where the man and woman were stuck, took out the side panels that separated the two elevator cars, then asked them to make a tightrope walk across a narrow beam that spanned the shaft between the two elevators, as if these two poor knee-knocking souls were suddenly the second coming of Karl Wallenda.
A poor unsophisticated person may be called a ranchero or ranchera, implying he or she is from the countryside, the sticks, and a hick.
MALS earlier this month announced it expects to lose $200,000 in 2003 and beyond, largely due to a drop in the number of poor people it serves in four counties, according to the latest Census.
De Hooch's Amsterdam addresses were in the poor outskirts of the city, outside the town gates, and the Town Hall may have been the only swanky interior he had access to.
26 Specificity was also poor.
What if poor single mothers on welfare just become poor single mothers working in low-wage jobs?
The award was established in 1983 to give statewide recognition to attorneys for providing pro bono legal services to the poor.
Subia's new role in the Legal Services Corp. will require him to work on behalf of poor citizens who are requesting legal assistance.
, strains 5P11H1, 6P8H1, 13P26H1, 31P13H1, 56P40H1 and 74P10H1 from Figure 1b) and strains which formed poor biofims (e.g.
22 (AScribe Newswire) -- Pity the "poor" lawyer.
"He fished me in," Concannon said, adding, "People need lawyers, and there's a growing amount of poor that need pro bono services."
I teach at a school with many poor whites and Latinos, many of whom can't afford home computers or did not learn how to use them in high school.
Not that The Cotton Club is in poor taste, you understand.
Franklin Roosevelt reworked the federal government to aid the poor, improve education and create a less crash-prone financial system."
The sensitivity for practitioners in both studies was poor (0.
The retreat from Medicaid--government-subsidized care for the poor and disabled--is the more pronounced of the two.
Brewer, who has been at the agency 20 years, said there is a need for lawyers of all stripes to help with the problems of the poor.
And about half of these survivors are brain-damaged, either by lack of oxygen (from poor initial respiration) or too much oxygen (from the ventilator).
Long was cagey, ambitious, poor, and so bright he graduated from Tulane Law School less than a year after he entered.
And elections, while a fine way to pick a president, are a decidedly poor way to measure public sentiment.
Although many factors contribute to these weaknesses, audits by GAO and Inspectors General have found that an underlying cause is poor security program management.
neutral-phosphate therapy) is of equal benefit and does not perturb calcium/phosphorus metabolism in children with phosphate-wasting rickets [ 6 ] . Infants with hypercalcemia may have no obvious symptoms, but constitutional symptoms such as poor appetite, irritability, vomiting, FTT, or occasionally seizures may occur [ 7 ] . Classically, hypercalcemia leads to increased urine output and diminished stool frequency.
Her parents were poor, and her mother, Ann Snyder, obsessed with trading first on her own beauty and then on Clare's for a life of satin sheets and annual sailings on the Conte di Savoia . Neither was especially nice about it.
The poor state of the FBI's information systems meant that such access depended in large part on an analyst's personal relationships with individuals in the operational units or squads where the information resided.
How ironic that a program once watched by poor and wealthy viewers alike ultimately perished because its creator couldn't handle the move from being poor to being wealthy herself.
The "gamma distribution" fit is poor because it assumes that the input can be described by a single gamma distribution.
[ 3 ] is inaccurate because it is a poor approximation to treat ethanol metabolism as a one compartment system (see below).
You'd think the poor man had committed .
The DOTMAC/PFA method provided excellent morphological preservation of actin stress fibers and microextensions and high intensity immunolabeling of actin, while phalloidin staining was poor probably owing to partial denaturation of actin filaments.
Alexander Portnoy, after he outgrows his autoerotic obsession, works for the liberal John Lindsay administration in New York City and does his best to demonstrate his concern for the poor and the oppressed.
Although most end up making less in their new jobs than they did before, only a fraction experience the much-publicized plunge from comfortable middle class to working poor.
13, 2002-The Texas Equal Access to Justice Foundation (TEAJF) has announced its 2003 grant plan for the designation of $8 million to Texas providers of civil legal services to the poor, otherwise known as Legal Aid.
Some states mandate phone discounts for the poor and make up the difference by boosting other users' bills.
Zucker, who volunteers at the center several days a week, was recently honored for volunteering more than 150 hours in free legal services to the poor -- more than three times the time donated by most practicing attorneys, he said.
Still, when more than 70 percent of the poor's legal needs are not being met, much remains to be done, the report points out.
In various previous attempts to express heterologous genes in full length, wild type dengue virus, we experienced a very poor success rate, despite attempts to clone heterologous material into various positions of the genome (data not shown).
Critics scoff at two new late-night talk shows, hosted by black stand-up comics, as poor replicas of the early '90s hit The Arsenio Hall Show . Vibe , produced by Quincy Jones, and Keenen , made by the creator of the comedy series In Living Color , are pronounced "indistinguishable" (James Collins, Time ) and "hard to stay awake through" (Howard Rosenberg, the Los Angles Times ). The main gripes are that the programs stick to a "banal" (Caryn James, the New York Times ) talk show formula and have even less bite than David Letterman's or Jay Leno's network show.
Adapted from Patricia Highsmith's novel, the film follows Tom Ripley (Matt Damon), a poor loner who usurps the identity of Dickie Greenleaf (Jude Law), a rich playboy loafing around Italy in the late '50s.
This approach can have severe adverse consequences such as the development of osteonecrosis related to glucocorticoid therapy [ 4 ] . Here we demonstrate that detection of ovarian antibodies by indirect immunofluorescence using one specific commercial test system has poor specificity as a diagnostic test.
With an odor threshold of around 868 mg/m 3(250 parts per million or ppm), methylene chloride has poor warning properties and, due to its volatility, concentrations may rapidly approach high levels in poorly ventilated areas [ 15 ] . Fatalities due to methylene chloride vapor inhalation in furniture stripping operations have been reported.
I may be wrong, of course, but I don't think Russia is on its way to solid prosperity, more like third-world extremes of rich and poor.
? How about 1944, when the White House press corps ignored the president's infirmities and poor health?
Media retractions are rare enough, but this case produced something rarer still: firings and resignations arising from poor journalism.
A country like Indonesia is still so poor that progress can be measured in terms of how much the average person gets to eat; since 1970, per capita intake has risen from less than 2,100 to more than 2,800 calories a day.
At the same time, Brock undermines his fainthearted defense by arguing that Hillary is a closet revolutionary cadre, a committed radical who takes as her creed Saul Alinsky's admonition that the struggle to help the poor is a struggle for power in which the ends always justify the means.
Catherine McAuley, who founded the Sisters of Mercy to help the poor of Dublin, attended mass here — it’s her face you see on the Irish five pound note.
The Shopping Avenger felt that perhaps he should counsel those who write seeking help to meditate, to accept bad service the way one accepts the change of seasons, and to extend a compassionate hand of forgiveness to those who provide poor customer care.
The catch is that the "classes" glowering at each other across the barricades aren't rich and poor.
Most of our jibes work a rich vein of educated vs. uneducated, which is another way of saying rich vs. poor.
Take the métro to Rambuteau and start at the corner of the rue des Archives and the rue des Francs-Bourgeois, named after the poor (not bourgeois at all) allowed to live here tax-free in the 14th century.
The Legal Services Corp. (LSC), which works with attorneys representing poor people, hasn't tallied this year's numbers, says Mauricio Vivero vice president of public affairs, but he expects them to be flat.
The highly variable carboxy-terminal end of the Tlr4 cytoplasmic domain may be seen as the embodiment of interspecific differences in LPS sensitivity, although the poor conservation of this portion of the molecule might alternatively be taken to indicate a neutral effect of mutation.
Evidence in the first trial indicated that the plane was flying too fast and too low but that incomplete U.S. military maps, poor training, inadequate communications, and a possibly faulty altimeter may also have contributed to the accident.
Similarly, mean MMP-9 activity was higher in tissue samples from patients with erosive disease, but wide variations in tissue expression resulted in poor discrimination between groups.
But poor countries aren't going to get any of these.
Poor day care doesn't seem permanently to harm kids whose lives are otherwise in OK shape.
It's a culture that traps the poor in isolated, fatherless ghettos.
For mailers, the use of detached labels would be a poor alternative to using unaddressed mail; for the Postal Service, the use of detached labels is not well aligned with current and future automation plans, and it may aggravate the alignment of rates and costs.
Higher recurrence rates or poor response to endocrine treatment with tamoxifen in patients with HER-2 / neu -amplified hormone receptor positive tumours, as reported in studies in node-positive or metastatic breast cancer [ 12 15 32 ] , were not observed in the present study.
The paper reports that in the past five years, the project has produced more than 100,000 pounds of meat for the poor.
appetite, appetites mighty, enormous, gargantuan, endless, limitless, unlimited, unfailing, uncontrollable, lusty, voracious, ravenous, (in) satiable, sharp, ferocious, rapacious, devouring, brutish, wolfish, healthy, hearty, greedy, keen, robust, inordinate, substantial, unbridled, avaricious, poor, grotesque, morbid, morose, raucous, finicky, discriminating,, (im) moderate, shrunk, new-found, catholic, postprandial
Since the 1980s, the conventional wisdom has been that Democrats who are too interested in helping poor people get their heads handed to them.
But on second thoughts, maybe not: M. Tesnières would doubtless see this foreign intrusion as poor compensation for the loss of his homegrown Whores, Bastards , and Hitlers .
The editorial writers--who had insensitively suggested a desire to reduce births of poor black babies in particular--were savaged by many Inquirer staffers and others as racist advocates of eugenics, even of "genocide."
For every poor family that receives legal assistance, Russell says, four families will go without any aid.
The organization is Los Angeles' largest government-funded group, with a budget of $11 million leveraged into $40 million in legal services to the poor.
The 2 pain studies are of fair to poor quality.
Residents of Havana might think of it as a poor backwater, but the easy, almost somnolent pace, breathtaking countryside, and welcoming residents of Pinar del Río make it one of Cuba’s certain highlights.
That is a rough description of what Kevin Phillips later called the emerging Republican majority: the crowd whose voting habits were molded by the act of detesting the likes of Bobby Kennedy--politicians who never worked a day in their lives, who were eager (so the perception went) to oppress the plain folk with burdensome taxes in order to fatten the undeserving poor, eager to sell out America's military supremacy out of some guilt-ridden moralism.
Her fictional heroines can name every indignity they've been subjected to since birth, and because they are usually bright young women from troubled families in poor island backwaters such as Antigua or Dominica, their list of injuries is long.
Any poor folk get in the road, he's gonna run 'em over."
No, he writes, they went overtly nuclear to achieve status . And when poor self-esteem is the root problem, conventional medicine doesn't work.
The Illinois Supreme Court is pushing for legislation that would allow it to dedicate money raised through the fee hikes to legal services to the poor.
This scenario will produce a low T M and ROC areas close to 0.5 falsley indicating 'poor' hybridization.
A year later he is still mulling over the book, in which "the most beautiful passage" is where "the poor slave, knowing that he must die, and sitting for the last time with his wife, remembers the words 'Let Cares like a wild deluge come/ And storms of sorrow fall,/ May I but safely reach my home,/ My God, my Heaven, my all.
. Congress busts the budget caps to protect the poor sodden folk.
1 Specifically, weaknesses such as poor controls over access to data and inadequate disaster recovery plans increased the risk of losses, inappropriate disclosures, and disruptions in service associated with the enormous amounts of electronically maintained information essential for delivering federal services and assessing the success of federal programs.
Clinton's claim in Hold that he has cut taxes for "working families" is based on the Earned Income Tax Credit, which helps the working poor.
Note that Gore avoids separating out his proposals for helping the poor.
In October 1997, the President's Commission on Critical Infrastructure Protection described the potentially devastating implications of poor information security from a broader perspective in its report entitled Critical Foundations: Protecting America's Infrastructures.
1 Specifically, weaknesses such as poor controls over access to data and inadequate disaster recovery plans increased the risk of losses, inappropriate disclosures, and disruptions in service associated with the enormous amounts of electronically maintained information essential for delivering federal services and assessing the success of federal programs.
poor man's lobster.
Numerous research reports have been published characterizing cost growth resulting from poor planning and design practices.
Anyway, we are afraid that my poor brother-in-law, who does not have the benefit of very much experience in relationships, will ask her to marry him.
At the end of his account of Molly Munger's fight against the CCRI, and her deflation when after all her efforts it succeeds, Lemann tells us that she has left civil-rights work and has started a new organization devoted to improving education for the poor.
(A recent highlight was the National Enquirer 's astonishingly detailed painting of the poor child's lifeless body, bloodied garrote and all.)
He joins a tiny public-interest group representing the poor and downtrodden.
Low-energy conformations were found only in the absence of water molecule, and the calculated binding energies (Table 1- bottom) suggest that HEPES is a poor ligand for nAChRs, and AChBP, and was observed in the crystal structure because of its high concentration (100 mM) in the crystallization condition [ 6 ] .
Stein also informs us that when Alan Greenspan trumpets immigrant labor as an inflation weapon, "what he's [really] saying is, 'We're redistributing income to the employers and the immigrants themselves--take[ing] it out of the pocket of middle-class taxpayers--to pay for the benefit of the army of marching poor that we're importing into the country.' "
The 3-year-old program connected 10,000 poor people with health care and earned Dudovitz entrée to legislative committees and elected officials grappling with how to provide medical services for the poor.
And at a time when citizens of the District of Columbia are being further disenfranchised because their elected officials are accused of being poor public servants and bad financial managers.
Although small Armenian, Greek Orthodox, Jewish, and Catholic communities survive, the majority of Istanbullus are Muslim, and adhere to the principles known as the “Five Pillars of Islam” — to believe with all one’s heart that “There is no God but God, and Mohammed is his Prophet”; to pray five times a day, at dawn, midday, afternoon, sunset, and after dark; to give alms to the poor, and towards the upkeep of the mosques; to fast between sunrise and sunset during the month of Ramadan; and to try to make the pilgrimage to Mecca at least once in one’s lifetime.
How do we make the schools really work for poor kids?
"We've got one lawyer for every 30,000 poor people in the Valley," Hall said in Sunday's editions of The Monitor (McAllen).
But here's the rationale: "We are seeing, every time we talk about crime in this country, that it does come back to poor family and the values that some people learn at home," she says.
The federal government should do more to spur the creation of such institutions, by providing resources, and by helping to equalize the shameful disparity in funding between rich and poor districts generally.
And I assume he's pro-Earned Income Tax Credit, blessed are the poor.
In the light of the present results showing a poor sensitivity and specificity of clinical examination in predicting nodal metastasis and infrequent involvement of level IV in the absence of involvement of higher levels, we suggest that a supraomohyoid neck dissection should be carried out in all patients of the oral tongue cancer with clinically node negative neck to achieve a better disease free survival.
Terry Russell, president of The Florida Bar, has spent months pushing legislation that would provide state funding for legal assistance for the poor.
, lateral gene transfer, gene loss, or poor phylogenetic resolution) leaving 87 proteins for phylogeny and time estimation.
Our compassion must extend to the poor and to the fatherless.
She had been growing well and thriving until weaned from breast milk to formula at age 4 months when she began to have frequent stools and poor weight gain.
Congress stepped in Thursday to pass a $19 million appropriation for Legal Services Corp., which serves the legal needs of the poor through state programs nationwide.
In Canada a route conversion program on the prescribing of antimicrobials succeeded in reducing the frequency of use of parenteral antibiotics [ 16 ] . Parenteral antibiotics are costly and the cost of drugs is a major factor influencing treatment in a poor country like Nepal.
Dominance of particular HLA alleles conferring resistance, and/or recessiveness of susceptibility (poor outcome) alleles, have been documented for schistosomiasis [ 24 ] , leprosy [ 25 ] , acute lymphoblastic leukemia (for which an infectious cause is hypothesized) [ 26 ] , and hepatitis B (in this case the outcome was vaccine responsiveness) [ 27 ] .
The only justification for the present system is that intelligence is useful in any task, and that the only fair and systematic way we have of determining intelligence is by way of a uniform test, poor as that may be.
Other instructors who worked with Hazmi and Mihdhar remember them as poor students who focused on learning to control the aircraft in flight but took no interest in takeoffs or landings.
It will rebuke state lotteries for their deceptive marketing and will try to force them to post odds and stop targeting the poor.
So each time the Sierra Club impedes economic development to preserve some specimen of natural beauty, it is asking people who live like you and me (the relatively poor) to sacrifice for the enjoyment of future generations that will live like Bill Gates.
The main streets are the narrow, cobbled alleyway of Rua de Santa Maria and, parallel, Rua Dom Carlos I. This east end of Funchal is the antithesis of the opulent hotel zone to the west: It is poor and decaying, but filled with character.
What if poor single mothers on welfare just become poor single mothers working in low-wage jobs?
The Straits Times of Singapore expressed concern in an editorial Thursday that the new president of the Philippines, former movie star Joseph Estrada, would fail in his promises "to press ahead with economic reforms, establish law and order, stamp out corruption, and above all help the poor who form the bulk of the country's 70 million people."
uphill and underpublicized struggle to achieve equal access to justice for millions of Washington-Americans too poor to afford legal representation.
Datong itself is a rather poor coal-mining and industrial city, somewhat behind the times, set on a loess plateau 1,000 m (3,280 ft) above sea level.
Yet many people feel that poor public schools are a national problem.
I still had to pay the ticket . . . I just figure if you are rich you can afford a lawyer, if you are poor you take what you get," said Grant, a resident of the Mayetta section of Stafford Township.
Did the bifurcated Roosevelt White House do a disservice in providing a model for later administrations, in which poor folks and children and the lame and the halt were insidiously sentimentalized as women's work?
Atta proved a poor bridge, however, because of his abrasive and increasingly dogmatic personality.
So the camposantos were still left for the poor mestizos.
We have previously shown that nmt55/p54 nrbprotein was expressed in most ER+/PR+ human breast tumors but was undetectable in ER-/PR- human breast tumors [ 13 ] . Since loss of hERα expression is associated with poor prognosis and continued expression of hERα is associated with disease-free survival and correlates well with tumor differentiation state, we wanted to investigate the regulation of nmt55/p54 nrbexpression.
Legal services typically helps the poor.
Less obviously, Clinton's sin is the same one reporters commit when they denounce Starr for impeding "our ability to gather information for the public"--as if the press were a separate institution with special privileges and (inevitably) obligations, the eyes of the social corpus nobly gathering information on behalf of poor, ignorant citizens.
Poor teaching, poor motivation, lack of opportunity, and, very rarely, a failure of the treatment itself.
Findings indicate poor validity of the motion palpation tests.
There's even a special section ("Making the Most of It") devoted to the poor, portraying struggling-but-content families, living in a $30-a-month Tennessee mountain shack and in the slums of Rio de Janeiro.
Gastric intramucosal acidosis and hypercapnia are observed during inadequate organ perfusion [ 6, 7, 8] and are predictive of poor clinical outcome [ 9, 10, 11].
Remember, getting married already separates college students from their parents in Washington's eyes, and poor kids are already eligible for Pell Grants and subsidized loans.
Not long ago, however, I discovered the journal that never fails to amaze: the American Journal of Forensic Medicine and Pathology . A typical issue contained an article on three suicide victims with multiple gunshot wounds to the head (complete with photos from the death scenes; one poor guy shot himself five times before he finally died), another on improved methods to determine the age of an unidentified victim, and yet a third on the homicide rituals of the Italian Mafia.
The press can also do a poor job analyzing policy issues--what was the last really illuminating story you read about the Social Security trust fund?
The commission's report, "The Path to Equal Justice: A Five-Year Status Report on Access to Justice in California," examined how the legal needs of the state's poor have changed in the last five years as well as both the shortcomings of the justice system and the improvements during that period.
For example, one otherwise very well done study reported on the rates of tonsillectomy under classical homeopathic versus placebo treatment as a main outcome even though the reliability of clinical decisions for obtaining tonsillectomy are extremely poor, thus, making this comparison meaningless.
A $100,000 technology grant awarded to Texas Rural Legal Aid will fund an Austin call center and connect it with centers in San Antonio and Corpus Christi to assist the poor with legal problems in a 68-county area of Southwest Texas.
If subsequent tests were not performed, whatever the reason, or performed although compliance between tests had been poor, the last exercise time value obtained while compliance was good was carried forward.
"Gramma, the kids at school say that one day, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences is going to come to your home and demand the return of the Oscar (TM) you won for Ghost , citing the poor quality of your performances in Eddie , The Associate , Boys on the Side and, to be perfectly honest here, Ghost . Is that true?"
The zoo is popular with local children, but most foreign visitors find the facilities too antiquated and its conditions poor.
Bruce Zucker chooses to provide pro bono legal aid to poor tenants over more prestigious work, and it has become his life's passion.
They lived simple lives and in return for their lodgings undertook to care for the sick and educate the poor.
3 million to help provide civil legal services to the poor.
"Deborah Hankinson has brought to the issue of civil legal services to the poor the same passion she brings to her role as judge," Texas Supreme Court Chief Justice Thomas R. Phillips said. "
The candidate himself broke party solidarity with a properly alliterative soundbite ("I don't think they ought to balance their budget on the backs of the poor."), which an aide told the NYT was "too good" to be spontaneous.
Re women on welfare: I have no problem with the idea of supporting poor women to take care of their own small children.
In reality, it takes more work and more character for poor student "X" to finish in the top ten percent of his or her public school class and obtain a mediocre SAT score than it does for rich kid "Y" to finish in the bottom half of his private school class and score slightly higher on the SAT.
The sharp increase of the correlation coefficient between probe sets with none and one common probe pairs, could be explained by the use of poor sequence selection criteria for the specific HuGeneFL probe sets, which later required the complete replacement of the probe set.
This limited detection of SL1 is not surprising as both the poor processivity of reverse transcriptase and the positioning of the vector sequence primer near the beginning of the insert result in low representation of the initial 5' nucleotides of a transcript among EST collections.
For the first time, and at the judiciary's request, Rhudy has sent every new legislator an orientation package about legal help for the poor.
How else would those poor Slovakian kids have been able to "Meet the Dentist to the Stars"?
Accurate information on the global incidence of malaria is difficult to obtain because reporting is particularly poor in areas that are known to be highly endemic.
David Hall, director of Texas Rural Legal Aid in Weslaco, said legal services for the poor in the Rio Grande Valley are inadequate and need a dramatic increase in funding.
Many people despised Barkely for his big mouth and poor manners.
The poverty rate and the number of poor both rose in 2001, to 11.
The reason for the poor agreement of AD sreadouts across distinct designs was that the mRNAs monitored by the A array are, on average, expressed at higher levels than those on the B or C array, as confirmed by two independent lines of evidence.
Many high-scoring candidates were previously noticed to be rich in complementary nucleotide repeats (such as CAG, UUG and CUG, AUAU, or poly(A)-poly(U) repeats) and were presumed to be poor candidates in spite of occasionally remarkable helical structure: nearly all of them were eliminated by the step 3 filters.
For the poor and vulnerable, the justice system represents the place of last resort - the place where essential rights are enforced and defended.
It is a well-known fact that the Shopping Avenger keeps a special place in his heart for the downtrodden and the outcast, including, but not limited to, the poor, the indigent, the day traders, and the blind.
Aside from becoming part of the event instead of just reporting on it, this reflected a poor style and vocabulary choice.
In one poor country, Albania, an opposition newspaper summed up the state of the nation at the millennium in the gloomiest possible terms.
During her career, she accomplished several things to improve legal funding for the poor, locally and nationwide.
Wealthier, whiter people are more likely to vote than poor people and minorities.
That kind of head tax is interesting not as a realistic policy proposal but as a benchmark for comparison: Economists like to say that a head tax has the advantage of being perfectly efficient (it does not discourage any economic activity), but the disadvantage of being perfectly inequitable (the rich and the poor pay equal amounts).
The state is a poor bellwether, because it is disproportionately old, white, rural, and conservative.
The poor should be able to flee bad schools just like the rich, and the competition will strengthen public education.
These results indicate that M6P/IGF2R allelic loss results in poor patient outcome when RT alone is employed since all other measured clinical characteristics of the head and neck cancer patients were comparable to those in patients with a non-mutated M6P/IGF2R tumor suppressor gene (Table 1).
13 While such overlap and duplication has been responsible for poor coordination and inefficient allocation of resources, these issues assume a new, and potentially more foreboding, meaning after September 11th given the threat from bio-terrorism.
Siddhartha grew up in princely luxury, but when he was taken out one day to the edge of the royal parks, he saw the poor, the sick, and the aged.
The diagnostic repertoire for identifying SIRS is poor.
There is--or was--a US newspaper called The Afro-American , and there is a popular magazine called Ebony . As Mr. Livingston points out, African-American is--or can be--ambiguous and is a poor choice solely on that ground.
Incomplete cutting at the CR boundaries might be caused by poor binding sites or poor cut-sites for the binder/cutter.
And since Jones is widely regarded as poor and stupid, the very idea of a contest between them makes Clinton the bad guy.
Consider the plight of the poor speaker of the House.
In short, he overlooks systematic, statistically verifiable inequalities between black and white, poor and affluent, non-elite and elite college students in favor of a favorite "culture of poverty" anecdote.
That building, which was purchased solely with federal legal aid dollars, should be used to provide legal services for poor people in South Carolina," Kleiman said.
But many of the clients served by the Women's Haven outreach programs are the working poor, who don't qualify for free legal services.
Feral cats in poor neighborhoods like mine spread diseases, and their large number can make you feel you're living in a litter box.
Another option would have been for the federal government to cover poor and uninsured kids with a program like Medicare, but this was way too radical for Republican contemplation.
A third of LSEO's clients are the working poor who receive no government benefits.
Now, there was a case where sexual misbehavior was an accurate indicator of poor overall judgement.
Online continuing and executive education programs are a rip-off, according to an article : Brand-name bricks-and-mortar universities receive lots of revenue from them, but the quality of instruction is poor.
"Dog Bites Man" is a poor substitute, but beats "Man and Dog Work Really Hard Late at Night for a Long Time Until One of Them Screws Up."
The Washington Post has the most fine-grained causal list, adding as factors Sharif's failure to authorize a military response to India's July shoot-down of a Pakistani navy training flight, his promise to consider signing the comprehensive test ban treaty, and his plans to divert money from the military to housing for the poor.
Often dismissed as a poor military strategist intoxicated by quixotic ambitions, Hitler was in fact extremely adept at sizing up his opponents' weaknesses and understood acutely the "supreme importance of land power" with the "motorization of military movement."
In spring 2002, the State Bar of Georgia Access to Justice Committee launched a state planning effort to strengthen the delivery of civil legal services for the poor.
If sports are so important, the city should build some nice new swimming pools and recreation centers in poor neighborhoods.
Although it appears that individual SNPs in TNF are poor markers of each other, it is important to ask which SNPs serve as good markers of the TNF haplotypes.
Like PP5, the control activity of Ppt1p is low toward the commonly used artificial substrates such as 32P-casein and 32P-MBP compared to other PPP enzymes [ 18 ] . Thus, it is not clear whether the selective lipid stimulation of Ppt1p toward 32P-MBP reflects a substrate-directed effect, or whether 32P-casein is simply a poor substrate for Ppt1p.
Unless, of course, she is for reducing taxes on the rich but not on the working poor and near poor who benefit from the EITC.
While Legal Aid's efforts historically have been aimed at helping the poorest of the poor Co because of funding limitations, only about 20 percent of eligible potential clients are served Co some recent technological innovations will also help meet the civil legal needs of both low- and moderate-income folks.
Housed in the college's campus center, the workers' rights center will be staffed by volunteers -- college students and attorneys from Neighborhood Legal Services, a nonprofit organization that provides legal help to the poor.
Each time a poor person is denied access to the justice system - to assert or defend important legal rights - a small piece of our democracy dies.
Please send some of those animal dollars our way and neuter these poor neglected creatures ...
Exaggerated and crude claims of liberal bias have become an excuse for poor journalistic standards, and for shoddy intellectual ones as well.
In human experimentation, for example, researchers cannot pay volunteers so much that the poor could be exploited.
A pamphlet being distributed by the new Campaign for Legal Aid points out, "There is only one Le gal Aid lawyer for every 7,900 poor persons in West Virginia.
Tie the knot: Suddenly parents' income and assets no longer count toward determining whether or not a student is poor.
Osaka’s equivalent hi-tech shopping district is Nipponbashi, a very poor relation to Akihabara with neither the range nor the prices available in Tokyo.
President Clinton has vowed to veto any tax cut of that size, saying it favors the rich over the poor, could drive the government into deficit, and fails to provide for urgent needs including Medicare reforms, education, and debt reduction.
After all, the "lazy," "poor," and "inept" District officials are having to pay for their sins.
Lawton Chiles (D-Fla), commenting on the need for prenatal care for poor women, NBC Today, . Submitted by ]
These cases were chosen to bracket the extremes of an ideally performing MM probe and a poor MM.
Better understanding of factors associated with poor outcomes in patients with HIVAN and ESRD would help in improving outcomes in these patients.
Named after the 13th-century college established by Robert de Sorbon for poor theological students, the university was later taken in hand by Cardinal Richelieu, who financed its reconstruction (1624–1642).
The proposals include abstinence education, school vouchers for poor kids, faith-based drug-rehabilitation programs, and a $500 tax credit for anyone who does 10 hours of volunteer work for the poor during the year.
3 The IRS persecutes the poor: One of the disguised IRS agents said on 60 Minutes that the agency focuses on the poor and ignores wealthy people "because those people can bring in an accountant or a tax attorney and fight this system."
But the snake, though limbless, can drive a car or a train or maybe a private jet or something right over any damn poor people who get in its way."
In the third and fourth quarters, though, poor earnings reports often cause a company's stock to fall (this helps explain Thursday's drop in the IBM stock price after the company's earnings announcement).
This southeastern edge of the great Canadian Shield proved poor farm country and difficult to exploit for logging, but it really came into its own in the 20th century with the development of tourism.
The shift to a competitive bidding process, coupled with sizeable reductions in Legal Services Corporation's annual budget, compelled the LSC Board of Directors to adopt a new approach to allocating Congress' annual investment in civil equal justice for the poor.
The Los Angeles Times linked the massacre to similar bloodshed in Algeria and blamed it on poor security.
This is especially important in a poor area of the world where the prevalence of gastroenteritis is high [ 39 ] . Numerous studies have shown a protective effect of breastfeeding in relation to infectious diarrhea [ 5 40 ] .
As I understand it, an exit strategy is a sort of poor man's Powell Doctrine.
Since my sister and I share a poor sense of direction as well as an intense interest in fashion, we have a tendency to get lost on the way home from our treasure hunts.
Unfortunately, there was no mention of the Capital Region's own Legal Aid Society of Northeastern New York, the nonprofit organization that works to ensure that justice is available to the poor, the disabled and the endangered members of our community.
For example, we know that single parents have almost double the risk of being abusive, poor families almost 16 times the likelihood.
For example, some employees said that working on teams was demotivating when poor performers obtained an equal share of team rewards.
This would account for poor breeding performance.
But although the MLS is much better than it was, it's still vastly inferior to the European game, so the popularity of one is a poor measure of the potential popularity of the other.
Conservatives are content to assume that a majority of women who leave the rolls will rely on free (or cheap) unregulated child care by relatives and neighbors, as the poor have generally done in the past.
"Although it is a significant part of the poverty population, Asians historically have not been able to participate in the services and programs available to the poor," he said.
In California, there are 102 legal services programs funded by the state's Legal Services Trust Fund Program (IOLTA), including 78 field programs and 24 support programs serving an eligible population of almost five million poor people, speaking 224 languages.
Once a poor fishing village and wasteland believed to be inhabited by bad spirits, by the 1980s it was transformed into a frenetic scene, fueled by plenty of alcohol and, for a while, illegal drugs.
For a poor Southern state, Arkansas has a proud heritage of progressive politics running from Senate Majority Leader Joe T. Robinson; to the first elected female senator, Hattie Caraway, in the 1930s; to Senators J. William Fulbright, David Pryor, and Dale Bumpers; through Governor and President Clinton.
In many cases, poor people have to face off alone against adversaries who have attorneys.
Like Oswald's numbers on housing and unemployment, these numbers might allow a variety of explanations--like "families that move are more likely to be poor, and that's why their kids don't do as well."
Novak goes against the flow to argue that Goldwater retarded the conservative movement by not finding room under his robes for the poor and the religious.
, poor: HbA1c > 8.0%; very poor: HbA1c > 10%), with HbA1c ≤ 8.0 as the reference group.
