The next destination was discussed: once again the Secret Service recommended against returning to Washington, and the Vice President agreed.
By September 14, Vice President Cheney had decided to recommend, at least as a first step, a new White House entity to coordinate all the relevant agencies rather than tackle the challenge of combining them in a new department.
This book appears to have been diligently researched and has much to recommend it as an adjunct to most libraries, public and private, large and small, general and specialized.
Such therapy appears to be cost effective [ 15 16 ] , especially among high risk patients and is recommended under current American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines [ 17 ] . Fourth, it may not be possible to ascertain whether these findings apply to all patients with recent acute coronary syndromes regardless of baseline lipid levels.
Even if these findings are not confirmed after further study, one could still make a compelling argument that lipid-lowering therapy (barring contraindications) should be initiated early and universally in patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome: First, the long-term safety and effectiveness of statins for the secondary prevention of stable coronary disease is well-established [ 1 2 3 ] ; Second, as evidenced by MIRACL, these agents are safe when initiated at the time of hospitalization for an acute coronary syndrome; Third, the in-hospital initiation of lipid-lowering therapy appears to promote greater long-term utilization of these agents [ 18 19 20 21 ] . Finally, although lipid levels may be unreliable in the setting of an acute coronary syndrome (excepting total :HDL and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratios [ 22 ] ) the overwhelming majority of patients with coronary disease will ultimately require both pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic lipid-lowering interventions to attain recommended cholesterol targets [ 23 24 25 ] ; newer guidelines are even more stringent [ 26 ] . Furthermore, data from the recently presented Heart Protection Study suggest that clinical benefits may accrue independent of baseline cholesterol level [ 4 ] . Thus, to withhold lipid-lowering therapy from patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome would be to accept the status quo, and to date our efforts at cholesterol lowering in the secondary prevention setting have been dismal [ 27 28 ] .
California's supply base currently has a 6% capacity margin, well below the average 15-20%, which is recommended for reliable system operatio n in the West.
We recommend that the State of California provide rebates directly to customers to fund the installation of advanced metering and control systems that would support load curtailment implementation.
It was the first time that the Senate Ethics Committee had voted to take action against a senator since 1995, when it recommended that Bob Packwood, an Oregon Republican, be expelled on the ground of sexual and official misconduct.
Therefore, the National Energy Plan recommended that the Administration's approach include appropriate measures to address local concerns, such as the unlikely occurrence of an SO2 "hot spot" or area of concentrated emissions.
Insofar as the work of the ISO 12083 Math Committee stopped short of recommending ways to handle "semantic" aspects of math markup, recognizing that the issues were many and difficult, the work of this committee in that regard feels to me a welcome addition to the overall discussion of those sorts of problems.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
Section 3623(a) directs the Postal Service to file a request with the Postal Rate Commission for a recommended decision on establishing a mail classification schedule within two years of the Reorganization Act's effective date.
The Postal Service complied with this requirement early in 1973, and a Domestic Mail Classification Schedule recommended by the Commission became effective on July 6, 1976.

The Postal Service's innovative Mailing Online service, for which a three-year experimental trial was requested and approved in Docket No. MC2000-2, was initially considered and recommended by the Commission under the market test rules.
17 More recently, in Docket No. MC2001-1, the Commission recommended three new worksharing-based discounted Priority Mail categories after negotiating with mailers who were willing to presort their mail in new ways that could reduce the Postal Service's costs.
Examples of "niche classification" proposals recommended in recent Commission proceedings, and Postal Service product innovations considered in other cases, are described in the Appendix to this report.
For sure I will recommend it to my friends".
After dinner, a glass of Madeira or port is recommended to round off the meal.
On the basis of these analyses, VHA recommended a number of techniques and processes for shortening the postoperative hospital stay, decreasing excessive diagnostic testing, and reducing the risk of postoperative infections or complications.
Because the assumptions are reasonable, we recommend these guidelines as one of the primary analyses.
34 Based on these interventions in other medical settings, a number of researchers have recommended the involvement of the physician in the emergency setting in the alcohol intervention.
3) at recommended concentrations (PharMingen, San Diego, CA).
Inside pieces at the WP and NYT report that Clinton national security officials including Madeleine Albright and the director of the CIA have recommended that Clinton deny clemency to convicted spy Jonathan Pollard.
However, we also discovered that in hundreds of cases each year, the court recommends that a GAL be appointed but cannot do so because the families can't afford the fee."
Several practices varied from the guidelines recommended by the task force describing minimum standards of care of critically ill patients with acute respiratory failure on mechanical ventilation [ 10].
It also recommends packing the "Bride's Emergency Kit," whose 30-plus items include smelling salts, a small flashlight, directions to the reception, and masking tape.
I love the fact that Amazon knows who I am and can recommend books to me when I come to their home page (they've yet to recommend my book to me, but I'm sure they'll get around to that soon enough).
The think tank's panel agreed, recommending that political activity on the Internet be promoted, "absent specific intent to use the Internet to circumvent the law."
It is expected that FASAB will continue to recommend statements on specialized topics.
Studies suggest that a wide gap exists between the 2 minutes clinicians typically allot to seeking evidence [ 2 ] and the amount of time needed to search MEDLINE [ 4 12 13 ] . Indeed, "some have likened MEDLINE searching to attempting to drink water from a fire hose" [ 15 ] . Although MEDLINE is certainly more difficult to search than other resources recommended for evidence-based medicine, the other resources, in aggregate, probably require excessive time to search if they are searched in sequence as recommended.
First, there is no difference between a portfolio manager who recommends stocks in an interview to a reporter--which is the meat and potatoes of financial journalism--and a portfolio manager who recommends stocks in a column of his own--which is considered controversial--except that the second portfolio manager reveals his holdings while the first one doesn't have to.
Probes were printed on 3D-link slides, followed by coupling and processing as recommended by the manufacturer (SurModics, Eden Prairie, MN).
3. Where state regulations prohibit importation of non-native fishes or use of the recommended test species, permission must be requested from the appropriate state agency prior to their use.
In another example of cooperation and mutual assistance among New Hampshire's legal services programs, NHLA urged that attorneys at LARC be allowed to participate from its inception and recommended that attorneys at the Disability Rights Center be allowed to participate in the coming year.
For proper sampling, some studies recommend the evaluation of three levels at 200 μ intervals [ 30 ] . In that case, if each of the three antibodies in the cocktail had to be used individually, it would require the immunostaining, interpreting, and correlating of nine sections.
In the Israeli paper Yediot Aharanot , Elyakim Haetzni, who speaks for the hard-line right, wrote Monday, "On the eve of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's visit to President Bill Clinton, I recommend that we think again, before it is too late, about the American involvement in the negotiations."
Prudie, a classically trained salon-goer, recommends a grand gift at Christmastime.
GAO recommended that the agency establish appropriate criteria for the condition of safety control components on passenger cars.
After dinner, a glass of Madeira or port is recommended to round off the meal.
GAO has previously recommended that reorganizations should emphasize an integrated approach; that reorganization plans should be designed to achieve specific, identifiable goals; and that careful attention to fundamental public sector management practices and principles, such as strong financial, technology, and human capital management, are critical to the successful implementation of government reorganizations.
3. However, USEPA allows the use of indigenous species only where state regulations require their use or prohibit importation of the recommended species in Subsection 6.1.
Fridlund-Horne recommended that a layperson attend several trials, especially in the courtroom of the judge who will hear their case, to gain familiarity with the courtroom atmosphere and procedure.
For practical considerations, we recommend using cancer death as an endpoint with careful review of the death records to minimize sticky-diagnosis and slippery linkage bias.
Unless the samples are used in an on-site toxicity test the day of collection (or hand delivered to the testing laboratory for use on the day of collection), it is recommended that they be held at 0-6°C until used to inhibit microbial degradation, chemical transformations, and loss of highly volatile toxic substances.
Even without the changes we recommend, the American public has vested enormous authority in the U.S. government.
It is almost inevitable during the construction phase that scope of work changes by the owner, errors and omissions in the plans, unknown or changed site conditions, and creative initiatives on the part of construction staff will result in recommended changes to the facility design.
Further work is needed to help physicians to understand their patients' views on hepatitis C. A recent study showed that persons with hepatitis C preferred to expedite periods of poor health, implying that they may be more likely to proceed with antiviral therapy and its attendant side effects than to delay treatment [ 19 ] . In contrast, the physicians in the current survey had a relatively high threshold for recommending treatment, which would lead them to postpone therapy in the majority of cases.
2 are the recommended acute toxicity test organisms.
It is recommended that total alkalinity and total hardness also be measured in the undiluted effluent test water and the dilution water.
Another option that has been suggested is differential payment scales depending on whether or not a technology such as computerized physician order entry is in use or not, which has been recommended by the Medicare Patient Advisory Commission [ 49 ] . Examples of the type of financial incentives already in play that could provide good starts include legislation already under consideration by Congress.
For this reason, it is recommended that only approximately 10% of the test organisms be exposed initially to the dilution water.
If the Commission believed that a low markup for the subclasses was in order, then the low markup could be recommended.
This coast also has a succession of truly idyllic beaches, wide open and wild — but be aware that the currents here are extremely strong, and swimming is not recommended.
I'm not sure we determined anything conclusive, but I guess we can heartily recommend the Powerbar Harvest flavor, at least on grounds of taste.
The recommended value of 5.0 times the residue diversity was used for the total number of pseudo-counts, and the amino acid substitution probabilities were taken from the BLOSUM 62 matrix [ 22 ] . A substitution matrix based on transmembrane helices [ 23 ] was also used in some cases, however, the results were not altered substantially.
Reinforcing the idea is the first candidate--Washington Bullet Gheorghe Muresan, who, besides being the NBA's tallest player ever, is known as one of its least articulate: The Bullets use him in an ad whose entire point is that he can't even manage to recommend that viewers buy tickets to a Bullets game.
We recommend that this type of missing data also be coded as 'No'.
To ensure that contracts support a knowledge-based process, we further recommend that DOD structure its contracts for major weapon system acquisitions so that (a) the capture and use of knowledge described in recommendation one for beginning system demonstration is a basis for DOD's decision to invest in the manufacturing capability to build initial prototypes and (b) the capture and use of manufacturing and reliability knowledge discussed in recommendation one for moving from system
(I recommend this book for
On the evidence from a case series published in 1992 by the manufacturer, Hoffmann-La Roche, the World Health Organisation (WHO) recommends that travellers with a personal or family history of seizures or manic-depressive illness should not take mefloquine prophylaxis.
Our data show that a group of physicians, comprised largely of primary care providers, would require a high degree of benefit in terms of response rate to recommend therapy for HCV, which was not necessarily related to their perspectives on the harm associated with treatment side effects.
The Commission is unwilling to recommend an interpretation of the statute that produces such consequences, absent an express congressional intent that such burdens be imposed.
Butyrophenones (haloperidole, thiothixene and droperidole), and benzodiazepins (diazepam, oksazepam and lorazepam) are the recommended drugs for sedation and preventing agitation [ 16, 37, 38].
) The book, they say, is a witty sendup of therapeutic literature, and it also serves as a "seriously legitimate guide for the perplexed" (Benito Rakower, the Washington Post ). Critics also recommend it as a sort of highbrow Cliff's Notes : "You don't need to have read Proust in order to read this book; in fact, once you've read de Botton you don't need to read it at all" (Richard Klein, Voice Literary Supplement ).
The focus of the study will be to determine what changes need to be made in the existing structure to allow the Center to effectively meet its mission or, alternatively, to recommend a new structure.
One study assessing the CAM prescribing patterns of Nurse-Midwives in North Carolina revealed that almost half of nurse-midwives surveyed recommended CAM therapies to more than 10% of their patients [ 14 ] . Another study of women attending antepartum visits revealed that almost 10% of these women reported using herbal supplements during their pregnancy, with 7.5% of these women using these preparations on a weekly basis [ 15 ] . Furthermore, 13.
Missouri's Legal Services Commission, with appointees from the state Supreme Court and Missouri Bar, recommended consolidation of the state's LSC service areas into one LSC-funded program, beginning in 2004.
We heartily recommend that she do whatever it takes to stay in the here and now, if only to avoid being included in the Enquirer 's "Scandals of the Century" double issue, which devotes an entire section ("The Quick and the Dead") to celebs cut down too soon.
In future trials, he recommended that the fidelity of the intervention and variations among interventionists be more closely monitored.
The conservative Daily Telegraph , which is strongly supportive of the Ulster Unionists, highlighted the agreement's weaknesses and, while not recommending a "no" vote, said in an editorial that if a majority of the Unionists were to vote negative, their decision should be respected.
Tests recommended for use in this methods manual may be static non-renewal or static renewal.
-- recommended approval.
* Results calculated using three percent discount rate as recommended by EPA's Guidelines for Economic Analysis (US EPA, 2000a).
Under quite general circumstances, it can be proved (though not in the space of a single magazine column) that free markets yield exactly those outcomes the cost-benefit principle recommends.
We can also recommend that research efforts should include an ED focus and that emergency medicine experts should be included in the grant review process.
To address the relatively low level of participation in the delivery of legal services by volunteer attorneys at the local level, the South Carolina Bar Access to Justice Committee has recommended, and the Bar Foundation is entertaining a grant request, to support the creation of a paralegal position in each program to facilitate increasing pro bono participation.
So I faithfully brushed my hair with the wand for the recommended two minutes a day, day after day.
TIMOTHY: To be honest, a lot of the films recommended by the critics make me feel more like a voyeur than a spectator --
Although we go into this matter more thoroughly in the companion paper, we reiterate here that this subjective use of the autocorrelation function to establish rhythmicity is not unprecedented; in fact, it has been recommended as a valid approach to situations like our experiments where the number of data points is relatively small [ 30 ] . In general, it must be noted that the use of both tabulated and averaged data also supports this approach.
LSC has joined with the ABA Commission on Loan Repayment and Forgiveness to study this problem and to recommend solutions.
One reason for this is that nursing home providers often want to know if the SSA has been made aware of quality improvement material or recommended clinical interventions.
Then, finalizing his ode to non sequiturs, Itell analogizes Tyson's alleged "disease" to a "fatal disease" and even recommends that Tyson take psychoactive drugs and undergo a "medical clearance" on his behavior.
When prepared as Hudson recommended, the size and the shape of the burgers was such that the outside would have had to be burned if the center was to be cooked.
He recommended a balance between the rigor of research and the application process that needs to happen.
3 To assist in reviewing within-test variability, EPA recommends maintaining control charts of PMSDs calculated for successive effluent tests (USEPA, 2000b).
The use of aminoallyl-dUTP in PCR amplification of the hybridized DNA template is not recommended.
4) Use of 6-31G*-quality ESP charges as recommended for the continuum solvation models [ 2b 16 ] leads to conformer 2 , a non-polar type conformer distinct from 1, as the uniform global minimum for both gas phase and solution models (Table 3).
USEPA recommends the use of a $0.
Intramuscular injections are not recommended.
I recently purchased a new computer, and, because it operated on a system different from the one of my old computer, I asked a few friends to recommend a word-processing package that I might find useful.
Berner (1986) studied the problem and determined that perhaps as many as three variant forms were involved and it was decided to recommend the use of the more common Ceriodaphnia dubia rather than the originally reported Ceriodaphnia reticulata.
If the requirements for the paired availability design are met, we recommend it as an alternative with advantages over the usual analyses from observational studies.
statement then referred the reader to a 73-page reference guide that provided definitions, recommended guidelines and procedures, explanatory discussions, and self-assessment questionnaires designed to assist business units in understanding the need for the policies and how they could be implemented.
Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman, touring West Virginia and Maryland this week, may recommend declaring a state of emergency.
(Since Los Alamos is run by the University of California, Richardson can only recommend disciplinary action.)
Neither of these alternatives will recommend itself to a Congress whose desire to placate high-voting senior citizens is exceeded only by its desire to deliver big tax cuts.
Brands like Frommer's and Fodor's, who produce multiple New York titles, invariably recommend several or all of their other guides.
And even if Wall Street did set prices, the idea that investment bankers have consistently foregone potential fortunes for themselves and their clients because their jealousy of Hollywood made them unwilling to buy or even recommend entertainment stocks is, at best, implausible.
Certainly there were lots of signs of political and economic instability: Some of the hotels recommended in our Lonely Planet guide had closed in the last year, inflation was literally eating away the rupee by the hour, and Pakistanis, described universally as cheery to the point of being irritating, were cranky and mean--especially when they heard our American twangs.
Will there be minimum recommended doses?
It was, by the way, recommended to me by the novelist Charles McCarry, whose book The Tears of Autumn stands with Graham Greene's The Quiet American in conveying the climate of America's first involvement in Southeast Asia ...
I won't give you the whole "we're the guardians of the First Amendment" speech here--though I do recommend it for getting past the rope line at political events--but I do think that without the purifying influence of the press, the United States would devolve into a totalitarian police state within about 20 minutes.
In 1998, he allegedly accepted 100,000 shares in a cigar maker and Boca Raton deli-owner; in return, he is said to have recommended the stock to his customers, without revealing his relationship to the company.
The chief of the Justice Department's organized-crime section recommended in a memo that she "avoid direct contact with Coia, if possible."
The cover editorial and article on China's economic future recommend wholesale privatization.
(A sidebar recommends cooking with lots of spices, which can kill the little buggers.)
Israeli police recommended indictments against Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , his justice minister, and his chief of staff.
Other recommended questions include: "Are you psychiatric?"
Another recommended priority: to "restore confidence in the spirit of nationalism," because "the rate at which Nigerians flee their fatherland or vandalise public property should worry any government of the people anywhere."
USAT says that the Justice Department task force investigating Clinton's phone calls is recommending that Janet Reno take no action in that matter.
He abandoned segregationism when South Carolina's blacks became a powerful voting bloc, throwing his support behind the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday, hiring black staffers, and recommending a black man for appointment as a federal judge.
They recommend finding a way to "alarm parents so they ...
) Have we missed some other juncture, in the course of human events, at which the Journal would not have recommended that we all hope for the best?
(We recommend Word 97 for Windows.)
Failing that, he recommends Message, Mechanism, Method, and Team Building to advance the goals of Freedom, Self-Government, Safety, and Prosperity.
Back during the summer, according to news reports, Beyer's political consultants recommended that he call for the abolition of the car tax before Gilmore did.
"Nothing in the law prevents DEA from moving unilaterally against the small number of pro-pot physicians who would likely recommend marijuana for their patients," Walters testified.
Now I have far more of my family's savings invested in a single firm, for which I no longer even work, than any sane financial adviser would recommend.
That's why some sites (like Slate) sport FreeLoader logos, while others (like the Wall Street Journal) might recommend WebEx.
We recommend the latter, since its site has an up-to-date news database on Clinton's trip, a Clinton itinerary, and a Tibet event schedule.
And, most importantly, he recommends buying and selling complex arrays of options, often at the same time.
As a result, says the paper, they recommend that the crew face "some sort of punishment."
He has been collecting Democratic votes for a commission that would study and recommend further changes in the system.
Just after World War I, General Motors asked a team of industrial engineers from outside the company to survey its business and recommend strategies for the future.
I thought I would never have chosen a silk, for they produced so many, I knew not which to fix upon, and they recommended them all so strongly, that I fancy they thought I only wanted persuasion to buy everything they showed me.
Take Samuel Cartwright, for instance, who in 1851 coined two ingenious new diagnoses to be applied to slaves: drapetomania , or running away (recommended treatment: whipping), and dysaesthesia aethiopis , whose symptoms were sloth and a tendency to break things (recommended treatment: whipping).
There's not a single thing about Air Force One to recommend, except perhaps the controlled performance of Glenn Close, who does remarkably well as the recipient of several phone calls from the sky.
Home freezers, which are much colder, are not recommended.
Prudie strongly recommends that you not bop out of your college or change your friends.
Prudie understands that you guys are between a rock and a hard drive but recommends that you sign off with as little rancor as you can manage.
Together with the rest of the conferees, Besharov recommended no changes in the NIS methodology and definitions.
Weisberg correctly notes I am a Democratic co-sponsor of S. 206, a bill to establish an independent commission to review and recommend termination of corporate-welfare subsidies.
I find it interesting that my representative in Congress, Thomas Bliley, can, with a straight face, recommend subsidies for these farmers when he and others in his party have vowed to get rid of "welfare as we know it."
There are theater buffs who will only recommend a play that has just closed.
Dickens was decent in the way he wrote about people, and he recommended decency as a universal salve.
The industry and Las Vegas' pro-gambling media quaked in anticipation of the onerous regulations and taxes the commission might recommend.
Or to put it another way, voting to recommend impeachment in our advanced democracy was that noted historian and constitutional scholar Mary Bono.
without surprises" (Kehr, the Daily News ) and recommend that moviegoers "cancel reservations on this Flight and buy a ticket for a film that goes someplace more unexpected and entertaining" (Dennis Moore, USA Today ). Thomas of the Los Angeles Times dissents, praising the film's "steady grace" and "blithe spirit."
The hospitals recommend that the blood sample, dripped onto a special card, be stored by the parents in the above-mentioned places.
Benford's Law shows that in any given number, the first digit is most likely to be 1. (For the reasoning behind this astonishing fact, TP highly recommends reading the article in full.)
The Daily Telegraph said Saturday in an editorial that some of the report's conclusions "border on the insane," such as one recommending criminal prosecution of "offences involving racist language or behavior where such conduct can be proved to have taken place otherwise than in a public place."
First, there is no difference between a portfolio manager who recommends stocks in an interview to a reporter--which is the meat and potatoes of financial journalism--and a portfolio manager who recommends stocks in a column of his own--which is considered controversial--except that the second portfolio manager reveals his holdings while the first one doesn't have to.
Cramer continues, "[T]here is no difference between a portfolio manager who recommends stocks in an interview to a reporter ...
The piece acknowledges that this will be difficult "from the air alone" but doesn't directly recommend ground troops.
Newsweek lambastes the president for "diplomatic errors and missed opportunities": Security advisers originally told the administration to offer President Slobodan Milosevic a face-saving compromise; when action became inevitable, they recommended strengthening NATO's military threat; finally, as airstrikes began, they urged planning for the refugee crisis sure to come.
Prudie recommends that you patch it up if you wish the whole thing had never happened.
The magazine slams the recent spate of millenially inspired "best" books lists and recommends Slate 's very own instead.
Prudie recommends, however, for those invited or not, a direct approach once a hint is ignored.
When I need shampoo or a stereo or a piece of heavy industrial equipment, I can read up or ask a professional, but what I really wonder is: What sort of earthmover do celebrities recommend?
In return for Hubbell's confession that he covered up his and Hillary Clinton's role in a crooked Arkansas land deal, Kenneth Starr's office will recommend that Hubbell not return to prison.
An article recommends a cup of "shade coffee."
The Hindu of Madras, on the other hand, recommended that both nations call a cease-fire in the spin war: "The danger at the present time is that neither Government--one facing crucial elections and ready to reap the rewards of chest-thumping triumphalism and the other confronting a resurgent fundamentalist militancy--seems in a hurry to help de-escalate."
My findings: The bottle recommended one to three 300-milligram pills per day.
(My therapist is not against medication, and in fact recommends it for some patients.)
(Don't read this if you want to be surprised--but I do recommend you read this, because it's not a good surprise.)
… An article recommends the LifeShirt--a turtleneck with six built-in medical sensors.
Gary Bauer will be matched with your pro-life, creationist views the same way Leave-In Conditioning Spray will be recommended for your dry, frizzy hair.
If Prudie thought it would be useful, she would recommend that you tell the yelling duo that their form of communication is disturbing the rest of the office, but she intuits that the hotheads are in the habit and will not change.
The G-7 meeting resulted in a statement--described in the NYT 's second paragraph as a "vaguely worded communiqu,"--which cites the world's worsening financial problems and recommends "exploring" President Clinton's call for extending emergency lines of credit to emerging nations buffeted by financial troubles.
"Today's Papers," who also edits Slate 's "Email to the Editor," recommends the piece to the legions of you out there who sent in comments about the trial coverage.
Today's Papers recommends his book "Growing Up" as an autobiography of the absolute first rank.
The papers take Clinton's remarks yesterday that Mexico should not be penalized for its performance in this area to mean that he plans to recommend later this month that Congress again certify the country as a reliable anti-drug partner.
I recently purchased a new computer, and, because it operated on a system different from the one of my old computer, I asked a few friends to recommend a word-processing package that I might.find useful.
L: And what tranquilizer would you recommend?
L: I understand that, when none of these ideas worked, you recommended that the patient try to lose weight by fasting.
I would certainly recommend the I.P.A.
The waitress, who spoke a little English, recommended a dish which happened to be in season.
Although, indeed, against these last, notwithstanding the laughter they might excite (of which spark of pleasure the writer will only be too glad to be the cause), farwrittle and farspeakle for telegraph and telephone may have as much, if not more, to recommend them, as they have or any before them.
The Babylonian Talmud recommends reciting baz bazia, mas masia, kas kasia, scharlai and amarlai.
' This sense is clear in John Evelyn's French Gardener (1658), which recommends covering certain plants with straw in winter, “to secure them from the frosts, to which they are obnoxious.”
Let me recommend the names of ten-pin bowling teams, which often pun on strike, split , or pin .
Individual FAA controllers, facility managers, and Command Center managers thought outside the box in recommending a nationwide alert, in ground-stopping local traffic, and, ultimately, in deciding to land all aircraft and executing that unprecedented order flawlessly.
General Hugh Shelton developed as many as 13 different strike options, and did not recommend any of them.
We also recommend the consolidation of authority over the now far-flung entities constituting the intelligence community.
We recommend that a panel of security experts be convened to develop written benchmarks for evaluating community needs.
Tenet also recommended that no action be taken on other U.S. options, such as the covert action plan.
He recommended they go to Afghanistan instead, where they could train for jihad before traveling onward to Chechnya.
His brother Nawaf probably recommended him for recruitment into al Qaeda.
2) The ALLHAT Manual of Operations provides for prescription of open-label medicines of the same class as the blinded medications, when a compelling indication exists, such that the total dose of the added open-label drug should not exceed 1/2 of the maximum dose as recommended in the Sixth Report of the Joint National Committee on Detection, Evaluation and Treatment of High Blood Pressure (JNC VI).
Since no missing data would occur, the design of (b) is highly recommended for all trials if at all possible.
Not only are increased plasma catecholamines a central feature in heart failure, they are now a recommended target for effective life-prolonging therapy [ 24 25 26 ] .
The normalization procedure recommended by Affymetrix is to multiply raw signals by a scaling factor such that the trimmed mean (excluding 2% highest and 2% lowest) of signals is always the same (500 in this study).
More specifically, to expand the dynamic range of the expression assay, a reduction of the system amplification was recommended when using HG-U95A chips.
High gain" PMT) settings were recommended for HuGeneFL chips, and "low gain" PMT settings were introduced for the HG-U95A chips.
However, bootstrapping is recommended for both methods because it reduces the variance.
We recommend that the first five injections of each run should be a blank (0 volume), the size standard, a blank, the mutation standard and a blank.
The stringency of the washes were reduced from the recommended 50 and 55°C washes to preserve cross-species hybridisation signals.
Stripping the filter, in order to reprobe it, was done by placing the filter in a boiling 1% SDS solution, as recommended by the manufacturer.
Hybridization reactions that contained the recommended 10 μg of cRNA (from human endometrium adenocarcinoma cells) detected 35% of the 1779 transcripts on the GeneChip ®. Reducing the amount of cRNA in the hybridization to 5 μg reduced the fraction detected to 30%, and further reducing the cRNA to 2.5 μg allowed detection of only 27% of the sequences [ 9 ] . Ohyama et al.
The procedure was followed as recommended by the manufacturer.
Yeast two-hybrid assays were performed as recommended by the commercial supplier (Clontech, Palo Alto, CA).
Taq polymerase, PCR buffer and dNTPs were obtained from QIAGEN and used at recommended concentrations for a 20 ul PCR reaction.
In such situations, as a rule of thumb, we recommend a minimum of 10 hospitals or medical centers, with 15 preferable, and 20 ideal.
We recommend including population factors as covariates in estimates of the overall effect and examining their effects in a sensitivity analysis.
We recommend that all relevant studies be listed in the material and methods section or in an appendix, even when it was not possible to formally screen and evaluate them in the meta-analysis, so that the reader will be aware of the number of studies not included in the formal meta-analysis.
We do not recommend using the quality score as a weighting variable because we feel it is too subjective.
We recommend that you work with a statistician who is knowledgeable about meta-analysis for the formal analysis of the results.
We also recommend that "cancer" deaths include any non-cancer deaths attributable to screening or treatment for the cancer.
In particular we recommend reporting whether any of the missing outcomes were definitely MAR, for example, due to random technical problems, to accidents, or to leaving the study for reasons completely unrelated to the investigation.
This tobacco use prevention program is also consistent with guidelines by the Centers for Disease Prevention and Control [ 18 ] which recommend inclusion of content which addresses the short term effects of tobacco use, social influences of tobacco use, marketing of tobacco products, initiation of educational programs in elementary school and soliciting community support.
Finally, participating physicians provided their threshold for recommending antiviral therapy.
Health state utility values did not vary significantly with physicians' age, gender, race, specialty or whether they treated hepatitis C. Ratings of side effects and thresholds for recommending treatment were similar across the demographic variables.
The lack of a significant correlation between the respondents' ratings of treatment side effects and their thresholds for recommending treatment is surprising.
Overall healing rates of PPIs at four and eight weeks were estimated by pooling the rates for the recommended daily doses: 30 mg/d for lansoprazole, 20 mg/d for omeprazole, 40 mg/d for pantoprazole.
Since frequent contact with all nursing home stakeholders increases trust and collaboration among the different groups, timely communication with all potential partners is a recommended approach to building partnerships.
Similar larger prospective multicenter studies are recommended.
All quality control measures were consistent with the manufacturers recommended procedures and conformed to the recommended cut-off values.
National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) guidelines recommend a target LDL cholesterol of 100 mg/dl in high-risk groups [ 14 ] . Pharmacists are becoming more involved in managing a variety of chronic diseases [ 15 16 17 18 19 ] . For lipid lowering, a team approach is more effective in the ambulatory care setting than management by a physician [ 20 21 ] , but there are no published reports on using this approach in a dialysis population.
Further evaluation of these and other possibilities in larger series is recommended.
Yields of total RNA for PBMC samples were generally low and for the majority of patients it was not possible to use the standard amount of total RNA (≥ 5 μg) as recommended in the standard protocol.
At the time of the study the recommended duration of exclusive breastfeeding was four to six months [ 15 ] .
Primary care physicians, by virtue of their position and function in healthcare, are key to the delivery of preventive care [ 1 ] . However, routine integration of primary prevention into practice has been sub-optimal, resulting in lost opportunities to decrease morbidity and mortality [ 2 ] . For example, though the Preventive Services Task Force [ 3 4 ] recommends that preventive services be a part of every medical visit, studies report a compliance rate of only 20% to 60% [ 5 6 7 ] .
The public health significance of our study, i.e. a population attributable fraction of 85%, is noteworthy, especially since there are no effective chemotherapeutic agents against cryptosporidiosis [ 5 ] . The only effective way to combat cryptosporidiosis among AIDS patients is treatment with HAART [ 35 ] because this raises CD4 +T lymphocyte count, and AIDS patients with CD4 +counts over 200 cells/ml are better able to resist cryptosporidial infection [ 36 ] . Although our results cannot be considered definitive, until there is more data, we would recommend persons with AIDS in the San Francisco area, especially those with compromised immune systems, avoid tap water.
The QT intervals were rate corrected (QTc) by application of the equation recommended by Mitchell et al.
Ongoing psychotherapy was also recommended for these patients.
Two Advisory Boards of 24 expert physicians in ethics, hospice, and palliative care initially recommended the curricular content and format.
While this open-ended inquiry is inherently ambiguous, these apprehensive responses might also suggest residents' discomfort with changing a plan recommended by supervising physicians.
Bound antibodies were detected by a chemiluminescent detection system (ECL; Amersham Pharmacia Biotech, Piscataway, NJ) as recommended by the manufacturer's protocol . For exposure (first 5 min, and second up to 2 h) we used Kodak XAR film (Eastman Kodak, Rochester, NY).
Neither our intervention that taught and automated one strategy [ 14 ] nor the intervention by Family Medicine, which recommended another strategy using Best Evidence and the Cochrane Library [ 13 ] , influenced search frequency or satisfaction.
Finally, providers were asked to indicate on a 4-point Likert scale if they would recommend that the patient take lipid-lowering therapy, with responses ranging from "strongly recommend therapy" to "strongly recommend against therapy".
Most physicians (over 85% in scenarios # 3-12; 32% in scenario #1 and 67% in scenario #2) recommended treatment with statin drugs.
While the efficacy of self-monitoring independent of other self-management practices is still uncertain, the practice is recommended for patients using either insulin or oral drug therapy.
The Canadian clinical practice recommendations of 1998 recognize that some patients with type 2 diabetes who have proteinuria may benefit from this type of therapy [ 27 ] and suggest that ACE Inhibitors should be considered, but do not recommend them for all patients.
It urged customers to treat malaria properly by using one of these recommended drugs which were depicted in their actual packaging.
For this reason, strengthening the capacity of private drug outlets to provide the recommended anti-malarial drugs and information is important.
Recently the NCEP ATP III recommended for Therapeutic Lifestyle Changes [ 2 ] in order to reduce the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome among populations.
 ). Until information is available about the mobile phone compatibility of other neurological implants, especially older models, and there is a clarification of the ITREL-III interference below the emissions of GSM mobile phones, we recommend the following precautions based on investigations with cardiac pacemakers: 1. To use the phone at the ear opposite the side of the implant and 2. To carry the cell phone on the opposite side of the implant when it is in use or in "stand-by" modus.
Project staff undertook a more thorough investigation, but did not discover any concerns that would lead us to recommend that the company avoid certain products or processes associated with the new chemistry.
Typically, technical concerns are top-priority and many companies trust that "unlisted" products and products recommended by chemical sales personnel are "safe."
A single dose of RU 486 such as that recommended for abortion, or possible long-term treatment with this drug in the future for other therapeutic purposes could potentially initiate events that could increase the risk of hepatic cancer.
Control staining consisted of substitution of primary antibody with PBS, or with 1:50 diluted (recommended by the vendor) anti-human CD3 monoclonal antibody, which is directed against the CD3 pan T cell marker (DAKO).
After extensive washing, the slides were incubated with biotinated donkey anti-goat polyclonal antibody (DAKO) pre-absorbed with rat kidney homogenate [ 15 ] , followed by peroxidase-coupled streptavidin, and the peroxidase visualized by diaminobenzidine as recommended by the kit (LSAB) vendor (DAKO).
Bound antibodies were detected by a chemiluminescent detection system (ECL; Amersham Pharmacia Biotech, Piscataway, NJ) as recommended by the manufacturer's protocol.
Collagen and elastin deposition in cell and matrix layers was determined by solid-phase ELISA with antibodies against goat anti-collagen I (Chemicon, Temecula, CA, USA), mouse anti-collagen III (Telios, San Diego, CA, USA), mouse anti-collagen VI (Telios), or mouse anti-elastin (Sigma), at dilutions recommended by the manufacturers.
Given the very limited breast tissue available in clinical trials, we do not recommend testing for TGF-βs as a surrogate end-point biomarkers at this time.
5% of the recommended daily allowance for folate and 6.5% of that for vitamin D [ 16 ] . Conversely, increased consumption of butter was associated with a slight increase in risk.
Filgrastim (recombinant methionyl human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor) has been shown to reduce the depth of the nadir ANC, shorten the duration of neutropenia, and reduce the risk of febrile neutropenia [ 3 ] , thereby maintaining chemotherapy dose [ 4 5 ] . Many patients with early-stage breast cancer do not receive the full chemotherapy dose intensity recommended in conventional adjuvant chemotherapy regimens [ 6 7 8 ] . Neutropenia is the primary reason for chemotherapy dose delays and reductions [ 1 6 7 ] .
First, each of the nine antibodies was tested strictly in accordance with the manufacturer's recommended protocol, including the methods of antigen retrieval and the length of the primary antibody incubation time.
Given these considerations, and in the absence of clinical data, diuretics cannot be recommended to prevent ATN.
They also recommended that one or all of the above markers of tissue perfusion be corrected to normal range within 24 hours after injury.
In addition, vasopressors have been recommended to achieve end-points of hemodynamic, and normal or supranormal oxygen transport variables in sepsis patients who remain hypotensive despite adequate volume therapy.
• Post-pyloric feeding is recommended in patients at high risk of aspiration, in patients undergoing major intra-abdominal surgery and patients who are intolerant of gastric feeding
Standards were made more specific by establishing strict criteria defining the dose, frequency and time frame within which initiation of treatment was expected; for example, task force guidelines recommended measures such as nutritional support, stress ulcer prophylaxis and deep vein thrombosis prophylaxis.
Glimmer 2.0 was run with all default parameters, as recommended in the documentation [ 29] and trained on the annotated set of ORFs from the Blattner et al.
In practice, however, we recommend general adaptive and robust normalization methods which correct for intensity, spatial, and other types of dye biases using robust local regression [ 36].
Thus, it is highly recommended that the two mouse genome assemblies be used in an integrated fashion rather than separately.
G3PDH ) primers to test the ligation efficiency as recommended by the manufacturer.
Disputes Between LSC and Recipients: If OCE and the recipient cannot agree on an approach that will give OCE appropriate access to the records it needs and is consistent with the recipient's responsibilities to protect privileged or confidential information, OCE, through the Vice-President for Administration, may recommend to the Vice President for Programs that LSC should take appropriate action with respect to the recipient.
The Joint Committee recommended that the MSBA consider reporting of pro bono activities.
4) If the LSC state planning team recommends a service area configuration that differs from that proposed by the DSPB, authorized representatives of the DSPB may seek a meeting with LSC's Vice President for Programs to ask for reconsideration.
Linda Degutis recommended amending the recommendation to read, "screening, interventions, and methods under consideration."
To determine the best sequence for screening, the approach recommended by NIAAA for primary care should be compared with other sequences.
The first challenge for implementing recommended screening and interventions for problem drinking in emergency settings involves convincing staff of the importance and efficacy of such interventions.
31 Experts already recommend moving beyond clinical trials to national dissemination.
David Fiellin recommended using current mechanisms like the Robert Wood Johnson Clinical Scholars program to train physicians in methodology, clinical epidemiology, and health services research so that review committees will include members who are knowledgeable about the ED setting and clinical research.
, the receiving water concentration or RWC) and a control is not recommended.
EMSL-Cincinnati hopes to release EPAcertified solutions of cadmium and copper, with accompanying toxicity data for the recommended test species, for use as reference toxicants through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers, and will continue to develop additional reference toxicants for future release.
Where states have developed culturing and testing methods for indigenous species other than those recommended in this manual, data comparing the sensitivity of the substitute species and one or more of the recommended species must be obtained in side-by-side toxicity tests with reference toxicants and/or effluents, to ensure that the species selected are at least as sensitive as the recommended species.
Instructions for culturing and/or holding the recommended test organisms are included in Appendix A.
, the receiving water concentration or RWC) and a control is not recommended.
Laboratory and toxicity test temperature control equipment must be adequate to maintain recommended test water temperatures.
The use of a commercial laboratory glassware washer or heavy-duty kitchen dishwasher (under-counter type) is highly recommended.
Where states have developed culturing and testing methods for indigenous species other than those recommended in this manual, data comparing the sensitivity of the substitute species and the one or more recommended species must be obtained in side-by-side toxicity tests with reference toxicants and/or effluents, to ensure that the species selected are at least as sensitive as the recommended species.
However, it is generally impractical and not recommended for the following reasons:
If the acclimation process is repeated with a new group of test organisms and excessive mortality occurs, it is recommended that an alternative source of dilution water be used.
The tests recommended for use in determining discharge permit compliance in the NPDES program are multi-concentration, or definitive, tests which provide (1) a point estimate of effluent toxicity in terms of an IC25, IC50, or LC50, or (2) a no-observed-effect-concentration (NOEC) defined in terms of mortality, growth, reproduction, and/or teratogenicity and obtained by hypothesis testing.
The statistical methods recommended in this manual are not the only possible methods of statistical analysis.
The recommended statistical analysis of most data from chronic toxicity tests with aquatic organisms follows a decision process illustrated in the flowchart in Figure 2. An initial decision is made to use point estimation techniques (the Probit Analysis, the Spearman-Karber Method, the Trimmed Spearman-Karber Method, the Graphical Method, or Linear Interpolation Method) and/or to use hypothesis testing (Dunnett's Test, the t test with the Bonferroni adjustment, Steel's Many-one Rank Test, or the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with the Bonferroni adjustment).
The summary of test condition tables presented for each method identify test conditions as required or recommended.
Statistical methods other than those recommended in the statistical flowcharts may be appropriate (see Subsection 9.4.
When the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes, the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required, and their use (or the use of alternative variability criteria) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan.
GP2 synthetic seawater, made from reagent grade chemical salts (30‰) in conjunction with natural seawater, may also be used if recommended.
Water used for rearing, holding, acclimating, and testing organisms may be natural seawater or water made up from hypersaline brine derived from natural seawater, or water made up from reagent grade chemicals (GP2) or commercial (FORTY FATHOMS® or HW MARINEMIX®) artificial sea salts when specifically recommended in the method.
Where states have developed culturing and testing methods for indigenous species other than those recommended in this manual, data comparing the sensitivity of the substitute species and one or more of the recommended species must be obtained in side-by-side toxicity tests with reference toxicants and/or effluents, to ensure that the species selected are at least as sensitive as the recommended species.
However, it is generally impractical and not recommended for the following reasons:
The recommended order of the cartridges in a four-cartridge deionizer (i.e.
The statistical methods recommended in this manual are not the only possible methods of statistical analysis.
The recommended statistical analysis of most data from chronic toxicity tests with aquatic organisms follows a decision process illustrated in the flowchart in Figure 2. An initial decision is made to use point estimation techniques (the Probit Analysis, the Spearman-Karber Method, the Trimmed Spearman-Karber Method, the Graphical Method, or Linear Interpolation Method) and/or to use hypothesis testing (Dunnett's Test, the t test with the Bonferroni adjustment, Steel's Many-one Rank Test, or Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with the Bonferroni adjustment).
The summary of test condition tables presented for each method identify test conditions as required or recommended.
Statistical methods other than those recommended in the statistical flowcharts may be appropriate (see Subsection 9.4.
When the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes, the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required, and their use (or the use of alternative variability criteria) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan.
Therefore, the National Energy Plan recommended that the Administration's approach include appropriate measures to address local concerns, such as the unlikely occurrence of an SO2 "hot spot" or area of concentrated emissions.
That panel recommended use of long-term prospective cohort studies in estimating mortality risk reduction (EPA-SAB-COUNCIL-ADV-99-005, 1999).
Acute Bronchitis $57 per case3 Average of low and high values recommended for use in Section 812 analysis (Neumann, et al.
* Results calculated using three percent discount rate as recommended by EPA's Guidelines for Economic Analysis (US EPA, 2000a).
** Results calculated using seven percent discount rate as recommended by OMB Circular A-94 (OMB, 1992).Totals may not sum due to rounding.
In developing electronic data authentication systems, Title 7 recommends that agencies follow NIST guidance for payment approval (payment certification).
He came highly recommended due to his prior success in transforming two other companies and his skill in outsourcing, which would be needed to manage the manufacturer«s continued reliance on information technology contract services.
More specifically, we recommend that the Secretary of Defense:
Finally, given that the data you assessed have serious reliability weaknesses, you should include this finding in the report and recommend that the agency take corrective action.
4The Jenkins Committee (named after the chairman), a group formed by the AICPA in 1991 to address concerns over the relevance and usefulness of financial reporting, recommended in its 1994 report that standard setters develop a comprehensive reporting model that includes both financial information (financial statements and related disclosures) and nonfinancial information (such as high-level operating data and performance measures used by management, management's analysis of changes in financial and nonfinancial data, and forward-looking information about opportunities, risks, and management's plans).
Similarly, the auditor should recommend that the agency take appropriate actions where senior management involvement seems lacking, or where the project organization is unstable and subject to high turnover.
Specifically, we recommended that OMB promote the federal Chief Information Officers Council's adoption of information security as one of its top priorities and encourage the council to develop a strategic plan for increasing awareness of the importance of information security, especially among senior agency executives, and improving information security program management
These sources recommended over 30 public and private organizations.
Adequate supervisory controls also are recommended.
According to the senior executive, the RAC recommended that ongoing uses continue, but that this stretch receive special protection from further development.
It found that 82 percent of VBA's senior managers were recommended to receive either a performance bonus or an increase in senior executive rank in 2000 when performance for the organization as a whole was considerably below program goals and performance varied among regional offices.
FASAB was created to consider and recommend accounting standards and principles.
Such information is required for those entities (1) that control stewardship resources and (2) whose financial statements purport to be in accordance with Federal accounting principles as recommended by FASAB, and approved by the Secretary of the Treasury, the Director of OMB and the Comptroller General.
Applying Applicable Standards When Differences Arise - When financial information on such entities is included in general purpose financial reports of a larger Federal reporting entity (including Treasury's consolidated financial report), standards recommended by FASAB and issued by OMB and GAO should be used if the difference arising from differences between Federal accounting standards and FASB's would be material to users of the report of the larger entity.
For example, GAO recommended that the President's Council on Year 2000 Conversion require agencies to develop contingency plans for all critical core business processes.
information systems at federal agencies and recommended numerous improvements,
It recommends adding to the access fund, increasing both the number of pro bono hours and financial contributions from attorneys, improved assistance for unrepresented litigants and access to an attorney for those who require one, and development of a statewide plan to distribute legal services more evenly throughout the state to insure that the rural population also is served.
The report will recommend a pilot project of up to two years' duration to assess the effects of substituting public service for the multi-state law segment of the current bar exam.
No postal administration meets this standard nor do the authors recommend that they do.
The law that established the US Postal Service in 1970 provides that the Postal Service may, from time to time, request that the Postal Rate Commission recommend "rates and fees [that] shall provide sufficient revenue so that the total estimated income…to the Postal Service will equal as nearly as practicable the total estimated costs of the Postal Service."
Within the existing rate-setting framework, the idea of an inverse price cap is to allow the Commission to recommend an average price level (or index) that is viewed as a floor.
Following establishment of this initial mail classification schedule, § 3623(b) provides that the Postal Service "may from time to time request that the Commission submit, or the Commission may submit to the Governors on its own initiative, a recommended decision on changes in the mail classification schedule."
Examples of "niche classification" proposals recommended in recent Commission proceedings, and Postal Service product innovations considered in other cases, are described in the Appendix to this report.
Only a couple of the establishments recommended below host tour groups; we make no effort to review the block-booked resort hotels, most of which are resoundingly similar in service, amenities, and facilities.
Bargaining is not just recommended here, it is almost compulsory.
Climbing “out of season” (especially in wet weather) is not recommended, but people do it all the time.
A guided tour is highly recommended (you can only visit the original church by joining a tour).
The Sunday morning rastro (flea market) near the port in Las Palmas is particularly good, and the Mercado de Nuestra Señora de Africa at Santa Cruz de Tenerife is recommended at any time.
Although it is possible to walk here, it is not recommended.
Many visitors take organized daytrips of the region from Havana hotels, but an overnight stay in Viñales — overlooking the valley — is highly recommended.
The administrators of Auschwitz in fact recommend that children under the age of 13 not visit the camp, because the horrors of what happened there, to adults and children, are all too graphic and disturbing.
Be aware that the water is very rough, and swimming is not recommended in the open sea.
I can't say I recommend it.
(This does not exactly recommend him to anyone outside that bureaucracy.)
And indeed, my husband and I spurned the courtly generalist for an up-to-date internist, highly recommended by a more senior associate at the top Washington law firm my husband had joined.
Lloyd Cutler, a discreet, old-style attorney who is Bennett's legal antithesis, reportedly recommended him for the Jones case because he felt that Clinton needed someone with better media skills and more political savvy than David Kendall, who represents the Clintons in Whitewater-related matters.
You'll come to no harm if you use tissues as lavatory paper, but your plumbing might--while the strengthening cellulose fibers they contain are biodegradable, facial tissues don't break down as quickly as toilet tissue, so flushing is not recommended.
The American Medical Association recommended a ban.
However, because M HRMB is simpler, faster to estimate, and does not exhibit negative bias in cases of outlier contamination, we recommend it as a general-purpose mode estimator, along with a bootstrap standard error or 95% confidence interval (range).
Some investigators recommend that these individuals be blinded to the authors of the paper [ 21 ] , however, if the criteria for data collection are objective, blinding of abstractors, although not essential, is still desirable.
The 60% threshold far exceeds the 30% sustained response rate to interferon and ribavirin therapy reported for patients with hepatitis C genotype 1 infection [ 7 8 ] . In fact, only 13% of physicians reported a threshold for recommending therapy of 30% or less.
Restriction enzyme reactions were performed as recommended by the manufacturer (Invitrogen).
These ZrO 2 copings, like the Procera copings, cannot be etched because of the acid resistance of ZrO 2 . Although a resin-based cement such as Panavia is the recommended luting agent for Denzir at the present time, there is an interest in determining whether zinc phosphate and glass ionomer cements are acceptable alternatives.
Because of these findings, sandblasting conducted under the conditions evaluated in this study is not recommended for Denzir copings.
However, Moody and colleagues found mastery to be an important predictor of the patient's quality of life and recommend it be assessed in both patient and caregiver.
She recommended this under-standing be made explicit in the final document.
When a goal is not met, the agency's report is to explain the reasons the goal was not met; plans and schedules for meeting the goal; and, if the goal was impractical or not feasible, the reasons for that and the actions recommended.
benefits, recommended over 600 actions that have led to improvements in government operations, and provided 229 testimonies requested by congressional committees.
But if caught you must be, Chatterbox recommends that you arrange for it to happen during the month of August, when the media get lazy and inattentive.
Most guides contain a list of "recommended" films and books, including travel guides.
I'll impersonate the Lonely Planet writer, and recommend seeing the Falls the "authentic way," by barrel.
Both Airbus and Boeing have bombarded their planes with cell waves and failed to record any interference; Boeing still recommends that phones not be used in the air--but to prevent electronic interference similar to (though slightly stronger than) that of a laptop or CD player.
The NYT runs a front-pager reporting that a presidential panel has recommended that the U.S. military be allowed to resume live firing exercises on Navy property in Puerto Rico--for the next five years.
1. "The Justice Department recommended that Bell Atlantic's application to offer long-distance service to its local customers be denied, saying the company had come close to opening its local networks sufficiently to competitors, but that its efforts fell just short . An initial draft of the memo was reportedly titled 'Only In Horseshoes and Hand Grenades.
My bottom line is that I would recommend the book to students and colleagues and I hope it does well, despite its anti-intellectual p.c.
The New York Times leads with word that "a federal advisory panel has decided to recommend abolishing the troubled Immigration and Naturalization Service and assigning its duties to other government agencies."
Reasonable people have disagreed with the particulars I recommend.
It recommends that Turkey replace the rigid modernism of Ataturk with a synthesis of democracy and Muslim values.
Newsweek 's cover package is cautiously bullish, recommending a patient, long-term investment strategy.
Israeli police have recommended indictments against Prime Minister Benjamin
An ethics-commission report solicited by President Clinton will recommend that scientists be allowed to clone human embryos for experiments, according to the Washington Post . However, the report recommends a ban on implanting these embryos in women and developing them into babies.
For the United States, he recommended that pending budget surpluses be used for tax cuts and additional spending.
The agency also recommended that dieters stop using any of the drugs they have and contact their doctors.
The Times makes it clear that the judge can only recommend sentence conditions, which ultimately are determined by prison officials.
Even though 90 percent of all new bunk beds sold conform to the voluntary standards, Newsday reported last month that the commission's staff is now recommending mandatory standards.
It is possible to search for words other than Bill Gates , but that is not recommended, and Slate cannot be held responsible for the result.
You may not have known that it was Morris who had suggested Al Gore for vice president in 1992, and that it was Morris who had recommended James Carville as strategist in that campaign.
Both groups have long wished for conservatives to do what William Bennett and John DiIulio Jr. recommend they do in the new issue of Commentary : make peace with the New Deal and get on with their lives.
Funding for science research at 28 national laboratories may be more defensible, but even a DOE task force recommended an end to government ownership of the labs.
Kasparov reacted by reaching deep into the sports-cliché moan bag, maintaining that he had been cheated by some kind of backdoor playmaking help from the IBM team, that the real Garry Kasparov hadn't shown up at the match ("I was not in a fighting mood"), and that his coaching had been bad ("my biggest mistake was following the advice of computer advisers who recommended I play this way").
They weren't friendly yet firm, as he had recommended.
After I started living alone, many people recommended that I get a microwave oven.
He recommends that investors leverage their existing capital, so that more than half of their investments are purchased on margin (that is, loaned to them by their broker).
"Staying at home is recommended."
Well, the Wall Street Journal and NYT fronts report that Federal Trade Commission investigators are recommending civil antitrust charges against Intel Corp., alleging that the chip maker used its dominant market position unfairly against smaller competitors.
If asked for a Siskel-and-Ebert yea or nay, I wouldn't know what to say: It can be recommended only to certain tastes.
I would recommend these metaphysical exercises as a cheap alternative to reading The Face and The Hand .
It was Baldessare Castiglione (in The Book of the Courtier , finished 1516, published 1528) who first recommended black costume as a means of conveying personal distinction and a certain noble reticence.
"Highly recommended to the many readers of Goldhagen's controversial book, especially those who were mesmerized by its hypotheses.
I only recommend those for the more experienced viewers.
I strongly recommend that she read a little book by Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning . It shows what the will to appreciate and restore life can do in the most adverse of circumstances.
What some women have done, though Prudie doesn't recommend it, is to make the beloved jealous with other men.
But he was happy to recommend others suited to the task, such as Franz Borkenau, an ex-Communist who wrote the best book other than Orwell's about the Spanish Civil War.
Stephen Chapman recommends that an empty symbolic gesture drive policy.
They then turned to Alexis for help--sometimes at Jackson's suggestion, sometimes because other companies had recommended her firm.
Now that the inquiry has begun, Schumer eventually will have to vote on whether to recommend that Clinton be impeached.
Bangkok's Nation reported last Friday that the Thai film board has recommended that Anna and the King , a new version of The King and I starring Jodie Foster, not be filmed in Thailand because it would violate the country's lèse-majesté law.
The commission may recommend that gaming taxes be used to underwrite treatment of pathological gamblers and that insurance companies be encouraged to cover gambling addiction.
The piece also recommended that with Britain and the United States now apparently in the driver's seat, it is time to review the sanctions.
Sorry, I mean "Warn your kids before it's too late, because we don't recommend the other means of detection.
With 430 calories and 16 grams of fat (150 calories from fat), this dinner almost meets the American Heart Association nutrition guidelines, which recommend no more than 30 percent of your calorie intake be derived from fat.
The experience held little to recommend it.
Hyde expects a committee vote recommending impeachment hearings to come in early October, with the hearings beginning after the November election.
Prudie recommends that you end the discussion about a parent-sponsored wedding and do something simple and meaningful ...
I'd like to recommend it, but it's too silly.
An op-ed piece in the liberal Israeli daily Ha'aretz recommended a return to the "Tito model" for the former Yugoslavia.
We recommend you don't do it.
The documents show, as Gerth himself acknowledged in reporting them, that the State Department and all Clinton's top national security aides recommended that Clinton approve it.
A piece recommends that Alan Greenspan be awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics.
The researchers also recommended changing the terminology of sexual abuse: An encounter between a "willing" child and an adult should be called "adult-child sex," not "child sexual abuse."
This worked out really well, and I highly recommend it to anyone!
Prudie recommends, by the way, that you not bring up this subject with your brothers.
If not, Prudie recommends you figure out your third choice.
He recommends that a young man beset by impure thoughts should drive them way by plunging his "racial organ" into icy water.
Indeed, on the Lycaeum "Trip Reports " page, one "psychonaut" recommends "Waka-grade Kava from Fiji."
"The health department would recommend you get treatment."
College mathematicians are overhauling the undergraduate math curriculum now recommended by the Mathematical Association of America.
(The style guide suggests not using "homosexual," although it gives no usable alternative; it labels "cancer patient" as offensive, and recommends "patient with cancer" as the proper phrasing.)
A congressional commission is expected to recommend a national policy in April.
If they're tired of feeling inferior to the latter task, I highly recommend my new book, What Would Machiavelli Do?
Nine months after getting the case, the IC recommended against prosecuting Segal, and no further action was taken against him.
The House Judiciary Committee's vote to recommend impeachment for President Clinton leads at all the papers.
A WP editorial decries the Senate Armed Services Committee's approval of increases in military pay and pensions even more generous than those recommended in the new Clinton budget.
I recommend, if anybody still has 45s, that they go through the entire Supremes catalogue and play them at 33.
It is a practice to be recommended for one or more of several reasons: one can often be spared reading through a boring, badly conceived, or abominably written work; one can determine quite readily why the book was written and what its argument, or point, might be, then read the text to judge whether the author's purpose has been carried out.
L: Did you recommend lager or red rum?
I recommend it for those (as the book's cover observes): “—who want to speak more effectively, write more colorfully or be better prepared for the SAT” (the verbal portion of the Scholastic Aptitude Test, a widely used instrument for university admission).
People often ask me how they can “improve’ their vocabularies and what books I can recommend as aids.
I recommended this book without hesitation or reservation.
I suggest that readers try a few recommended wines to see if their tastes and word use are in accord with those of a particular writer.
In a letter to The Sunday Times [21 February 1993], a reader in Leicester called attention to a bit of a cockup in which an article on the delights of Sardinia recommended a certain dish.
As one enthusiast, I would recommend the purchase.
If the fixture was designed to hold ten shirts of a particular color and size, for instance, it is both wasteful of space and visually unappealing to put only three shirts out—even if an economic analysis recommends the lower quantity.
By September 14, Vice President Cheney had decided to recommend, at least as a first step, a new White House entity to coordinate all the relevant agencies rather than tackle the challenge of combining them in a new department.
The U.S. government has recently redoubled its international commitments to support this program, and we recommend that the United States do all it can, if Russia and other countries will do their part.
Recommendation: At this time of increased and consolidated government authority, there should be a board within the executive branch to oversee adherence to the guidelines we recommend and the commitment the government makes to defend our civil liberties.
Recommendation: We endorse the American National Standards Institute's recommended standard for private preparedness.
President Reagan's second secretary of state, George Shultz, advocated active U.S. efforts to combat terrorism, often recommending the use of military force.
By the end of the meeting, the principals decided against recommending to the President that he order a strike.
Rababah, who had lived in Connecticut, New York, and New Jersey, told investigators that he had recommended Paterson, New Jersey, as a place with an Arabic-speaking community where Hazmi and Hanjour might want to settle.
One of the chiefs recommended testing the repeater channel to see if it would work.
Even if these findings are not confirmed after further study, one could still make a compelling argument that lipid-lowering therapy (barring contraindications) should be initiated early and universally in patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome: First, the long-term safety and effectiveness of statins for the secondary prevention of stable coronary disease is well-established [ 1 2 3 ] ; Second, as evidenced by MIRACL, these agents are safe when initiated at the time of hospitalization for an acute coronary syndrome; Third, the in-hospital initiation of lipid-lowering therapy appears to promote greater long-term utilization of these agents [ 18 19 20 21 ] . Finally, although lipid levels may be unreliable in the setting of an acute coronary syndrome (excepting total :HDL and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratios [ 22 ] ) the overwhelming majority of patients with coronary disease will ultimately require both pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic lipid-lowering interventions to attain recommended cholesterol targets [ 23 24 25 ] ; newer guidelines are even more stringent [ 26 ] . Furthermore, data from the recently presented Heart Protection Study suggest that clinical benefits may accrue independent of baseline cholesterol level [ 4 ] . Thus, to withhold lipid-lowering therapy from patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome would be to accept the status quo, and to date our efforts at cholesterol lowering in the secondary prevention setting have been dismal [ 27 28 ] .
In the sixth report of the Joint National Committee on Prevention, Detection, Evaluation, and Treatment of High Blood Pressure (JNC VI), peripheral alpha-1 antagonists are recommended not only as second-line anti-hypertensive therapy after low-dose diuretics and beta blockers, but also for specific indications such as therapy in men with hypertension and prostatism [ 2 ] . Alpha-1 antagonists represent effective therapy for prostatism, and fifty percent of men have histologic evidence of BPH by 60 years of age [ 3 4 ] . The National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey reported that the number of people on any type of peripheral alpha-1 antagonist in 1995 was approximately 6 to 7% of those with hypertension [ 5 ] . About 80% of surveyed physicians would choose these drugs as a first-line blood pressure agent for patients with hypertension and symptoms of BPH [ 6 ] .
Then the proteins were transferred to a membrane and Western blotting was performed using the monoclonal antibody for PAC-1 and A20, followed by the ECL technique as recommended by the manufacturer (Amersham Biosciences, Piscataway, NJ).
Further, we recommend pooling RNA samples instead of tissue or cell samples, because the variability at the tissue level is usually larger than at the RNA level.
The chips were incubated (16-17 hours, 45°C and 60 rpm) in a rotating oven, washed by the Affymetrix Fluidics Station, using the recommended signal amplification step, and scanned by the Affymetrix Scanner.
In those cases, or more generally, we recommend calculating the bootstrap 95% confidence interval (range).
Cells were transfected with the indicated expression vectors, using Lipofectamine Plus reagent (Life Technologies, Inc., Rockville, MD) for 293 cells or Superfect reagent (Qiagen, Valencia, CA) for 3T3 cells, according to the protocols recommended by the manufacturers.
The importance of replication in microarray gene expression studies has been addressed by Lee [ 8 ] . These authors concluded that more reliable analyses of gene expression data are obtained by pooling data from multiple replicates, and recommended that at least three replicate hybridisations be completed for each experimental treatment.
Total RNA was then obtained from the homogenate by the procedure recommended by the reagent's supplier (TRI-reagent, Sigma #T9424).
It is also comparable to other RNA amplification methods, such as antisense RNA amplification where 0.25 - 3.0 μg of total RNA is required [ 14 ] and Amine-modified random primer where 1.0 μg of total RNA is required [ 15 ] . 20-30 PCR cycles are recommended since too few cycles will reduce the difference between the exponentially amplified tester or control DNA and the linearly amplified hybrid DNA and too many cycles will saturate abundant genes.
3 years) used in this study had a CD4 +T cell count from 210-500 cells/mm 3and fell in the A2 and B2 classification recommended by the Centers for Disease Control.
This procedure recovered >95% of control protein from SDS sample buffer over the range of protein concentrations recommended for use in the BCA assay (data not shown).
Mouse osteoblasts were grown on glass coverslips in 24-well plates until they were confluent; they were then fixed and permeabilized using CytoFix/CytoPerm according to the methods recommended by the manufacturer (PharMingen, San Diego, Calif.).
We recommend limiting the total study duration to not more than two years, recognizing there may be exceptions due to patient accrual rate, intervention, and outcome.
We recommend that a meta-analysis be as inclusive as possible, e.g., you may exclude studies in children if they are known to be different from adults, but all studies in adults should be included without regard to age or gender.
For the later, we recommend that investigators seek the support of the institutional librarians.
We recommend that both the score based on items and the summary score be computed.
We strongly recommend pilot testing the data abstraction form on a few studies before defining a final format.
We recommend that the investigator compute this value and include the results in the interpretation of the findings.
Because the underlying prevalence of cancer is so low in average risk populations, for acceptable cancer screening of asymptomatic people, the FPR should be very small [ 9 ] . As a starting point we recommend basing guidelines for FPR and TPR on the FPR and TPR for mammography, which, as discussed below, is FPR=.
Some investigators are now recommending that lower PSA cutpoints should be used as an indication for prostate biopsy [ 37 38 39 ] . Catalona and colleagues detected cancer in 22% of men biopsied with PSA levels between 2.6 to 4 ng/ml [ 37 ] and Lodding and colleagues detected cancers in 13% of men with PSA values between 3 to 4 ng/ml [ 39 ] . We found that lowering the cutpoint to 2 ng/ml, while greatly increasing sensitivity, led to an 80% false positive rate.
Utility analysis provides a means to quantify preference values about disease states [ 13 14 ] . The aims of the study were: 1) to assess whether physicians could provide utilities for hepatitis C health state constructs using visual analog scales, 2) to quantify physicians' judgments about various hepatitis C health states, and 3) to assess physicians' thresholds for recommending treatment.
After considering the HCV health states and the side effects of therapy, physicians indicated that they would require a median of a 60% sustained response rate (interquartile range 40%-80%) before recommending treatment.
However, ratings of side effects were not significantly correlated with thresholds for recommending therapy, suggesting that additional factors effect physicians views about antiviral therapy.
Based on the experiences of the pilot states, the recommended approaches to facilitating partnerships are to: 1) form an advisory or steering committee of partners that meets regularly (e.g.
The doses of deferiprone - even in the optimal dose group - are relatively low, compared to the desferrioxamine doses, which in most studies are well above the recommended 40 mg/kg/day.
Sequencing reactions were carried out using the Big Dye Terminator Cycle Sequencing Ready Reaction Kit as recommended by manufacturer (Applied Biosystems).
However, in a small percentage of patients currently recommended doses may still result in toxicity.
Because of significant morbidity associated with the procedure, regional lymphadenectomy has been generally recommended only for patients with evidence of regional lymph node involvement [ 1 ] . To assess the involvement of regional lymph nodes, the biopsies of sentinel lymph nodes are invaluable for detecting occult metastases without the significant morbidity associated with lymphadenectomy [ 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ] . Previous studies have reported that the status of sentinel lymph node is an accurate reflection of the regional lymph node status as a whole and that treatment decisions can be made based on the results of sentinel lymph nodes alone [ 9 10 11 ] .
In general, the standard RNA processing and hybridization protocols as recommended by Affymetrix (Santa Clara, CA, USA) were followed in this study; these protocols are available in the Genechip ®Expression Analysis Technical Manual.
Breastfeeding is associated with a lower incidence of infant diarrhoea and respiratory disease, particularly in less developed countries [ 1 ] . A recent ecological study on breastfeeding showed that more than half of all infant deaths from diarrhoeal disease and acute respiratory infections in Latin America are preventable by exclusive breastfeeding in infants aged 0-3 months and partial breastfeeding throughout the remainder of infancy [ 2 ] . The theoretical basis for this may be a combination of the nutritional and immunomodulatory effects of human milk [ 3 ] . Since 2001, the WHO recommends exclusive breastfeeding up to the age of 6 months (World Health Assembly Resolution 55.
In such cases, we recommend that users assign the mean of the z-values crossed by the single birth weight.
Accompanied by explicit advice to avoid alcohol, maintain good hydration, and use co-medications with caution, we believe that prophylactic mefloquine could be recommended to certain occupational subsets of travellers who carry out safety-critical tasks and who until now have been denied the use of this drug.
Rectangular cages are not normally recommended for laparascopic insertion.
Psychiatric evaluations were recommended a) for all patients who reported current depression; b) for patients who scored 8 or higher on the aBDI at the time of their initial appointment.
The mixed opioid agonist-antagonists such as pentazocine, butorphanol, nalbuphine, and dezocine are not recommended as routine analgesics.
They recently developed guidelines ("Protocol Formats") on how to perform high quality validity and reliability studies of spinal palpatory procedures, which are available on their web site [ 9 ] . They recommend the use of valid palpatory tests so that homogeneous populations with spinal musculoskeletal dysfunction can be selected and treated as part of a controlled clinical trial.
We also recommended searching MEDLINE for additional systematic reviews and the National Guidelines Clearinghouse for selected practice guidelines based on systematic literature review (e.g.
All strategies recommend starting a search by seeking individual documents, whether the document is a study, a secondary publication of a single study, or a systematic review.
Finally, providers were asked to indicate on a 4-point Likert scale if they would recommend that the patient take lipid-lowering therapy, with responses ranging from "strongly recommend therapy" to "strongly recommend against therapy".
Cardiologists recommended treatment more often than generalists, even though they perceived the benefit to be smaller.
SMBG frequency was well below recommended guidelines for both insulin and sulfonylurea patients (Table 2).
The recommended dietary allowance and tolerable upper intake limit for sE, the commercially available form, has been calculated to be about 22 and 1470 mg per day respectively for 70 kg adult humans [ 1 ] .
The prices paid by the mystery shoppers for treating their child's malaria as recommended by outlet attendants varied widely, from about $0.
Also, epidemiological studies suggest that the Mediterranean diet is associated with lower coronary heart disease risk, especially through the reduction of blood pressures, body mass index, and levels of several thrombogenic factors [ 12 13 18 19 ] . Recently, the findings from the Lyon Diet Heart study illustrate the potential importance of the Mediterranean dietary pattern, especially when compared to other recommended diets, like Step-I diet [ 19 ] . Also, results from a Spanish Study suggest that the monounsaturated fatty acids diets are associated with a significant reduction and a better control of both systolic and diastolic blood pressure [ 20 ] . However it still remains a matter of debate if the protective influence is primarily caused by single nutrients, e.g. dietary fatty acids, potassium or dietary fibre or if it can be attributed to the Mediterranean diet as a whole [ 12 ] .
Further examinations including mobile phones operating in this frequency band are recommended.
Cross-case analysis included the summary of findings by analytic categories and the culling of salient commonalities, differences, and findings perceived as useful for further study and/or recommended implementation.
The company that continued to use methylene chloride implemented controls required by environmental regulations - and not the OSHA recommended controls, which, if implemented, might have conflicted with environmental protection.
TGFβ1 was purchased from R&D Systems and dissolved in 1 mg/ml bovine serum albumine in 4 mM HCl as recommended by the manufacturer.
The cells were cultured in EGM-2MV, as recommended by the supplier with progesterone (250 ng/ml) and 3% fetal bovine serum added.
Samples were run at a dilution of 1:200 using a kit (ICN) in the recommended diluent using the kit protocol.
Animals which did not return to estrus (N = 13) were weighed on Day 20 and dietary intakes calculated on a dry matter basis for total digestible nutrients recommended for early gestation (NRC).
For all three antigens, Newkirk et al . used EIA assays and established their negative/positive cutoff value using the mean plus two standard deviations of 15 CMV seronegative sera [ 14 ] . This appears to have resulted in a negative/positive cutoff value significantly lower than that observed in the present study using either the manufacturer's recommended cutoff value or our own cutoff value established with the 40 seronegative sera.
However, the therapy groups analyzed in the present study are small, and therefore we recommend careful interpretation of the findings.
The assays were performed as recommended by the manufacturer (Nordic Bioscience Diagnostics, Herlev, Denmark).
Digestion enzymes recommended for antigen retrieval were bought from Sigma (St Louis, MO).
Virtually all studies have used hydration (usually with 0.45% saline) in addition to the agent being tested and most authors recommend its use.
For this reason, the international literature recommends that vancomycin be infused over a period of 60 min in order to prevent these side effects, and hypotension in particular, which in some cases manifests as life-threatening shock [ 6, 8, 9, 16].
Largely inappropriate use of colloids was found in a survey of academic health centers despite guidelines from a US hospital consortium recommending that colloids be used in hemorrhagic shock only until blood products become available, and in nonhemorrhagic shock only if an initial infusion with crystalloid is insufficient [ 32 33 ] . A recent systematic review of randomized controlled trials comparing colloids and crystalloid solutions for volume replacement found that resuscitation with colloids in critically ill patients was actually associated with an increased risk of mortality [ 10 ] .
• Promotility agents are recommended in patients with high gastric residuals
The dosage of colistin used in our study was more than double that usually recommended [ 9 10 12 ] , although much higher doses - with a parallel increase in nephrotoxicity - have been reported in the past [ 23 ] . We opted for the higher dose because of the severity of the infections being treated.
The use of such slides is highly recommended, as it ensures that hybridizations with different RNA populations can be identified quickly and linked unambiguously to subsequent image and data analysis.
It is recommended, when performing cDNA microarray experiments with the standard two-fluorophore co-hybridization reactions, that all experiments and replicates be performed in fluorophore-reversed pairs.
The pellet was resuspended in 400 μl water and RNA was isolated from this by the use of four tubes from the fastRNA kit blue (BIO 101, Carlsbad, CA) and as recommended by the supplier.
We increased the amount of mRNA to 3-4 μg from the 2 μg recommended by the manufacturer to compensate for the loss of mRNA during the phenol chloroform extractions.
In a trial using FatiGO's recommended search criteria with our standard test gene files, FatiGO did not find any GO categories with clusters of differentially expressed genes.
It recommended three broad strategies to address these issues: increasing the flow of information among the providers; establishing formal collaborative arrangements in areas such as technology, planning and development, and substantive support and training; and creation of a framework for more ongoing planning and system-wide decision-making regarding issues affecting the entire system, particularly with regard to substantive matters not being addressed.
The Futures Commission of the West Virginia Judiciary recently recommended that a pro se coordinator be located at each county courthouse.
D'Onofrio and others have recommended using the NIAAA approach in the ED.
44 Most physicians reported asking about alcohol use but few used recommended screening protocols or offered formal treatment.
If applicants want to go that route, she recommended they get help from someone well-versed in business.
Dr. Gentilello recommends the development of an ED alcohol research center.
It is recommended that personnel collecting samples and performing toxicity tests should not work alone.
Also, working solutions should be dated when prepared, and the recommended shelf life should be observed.
2. Where state regulations prohibit importation or use of the recommended test species, permission must be requested from the appropriate state agency prior to their use.
Where states have developed culturing and testing methods for indigenous species other than those recommended in this manual, data comparing the sensitivity of the substitute species and one or more of the recommended species must be obtained in side-by-side toxicity tests with reference toxicants and/or effluents, to ensure that the species selected are at least as sensitive as the recommended species.
If the acclimation process is repeated with a new group of test organisms and excessive mortality occurs, it is recommended that an alternative source of dilution water be used.
It is recommended that personnel collecting samples and performing toxicity tests not work alone.
As a result of the variability of different dilution factors, USEPA recommends the use of the dilution factor of 0.5 or greater.
Where states have developed culturing and testing methods for indigenous species other than those recommended in this manual, data comparing the sensitivity of the substitute species and the one or more recommended species must be obtained in side-by-side toxicity tests with reference toxicants and/or effluents, to ensure that the species selected are at least as sensitive as the recommended species.
The test organisms recommended in this manual can be cultured in the laboratory using culturing and handling methods for each organism described in the respective test method sections.
For this reason, it is recommended that only approximately 10% of the test organisms be exposed initially to the dilution water.
It is recommended that total alkalinity and total hardness also be measured in the undiluted effluent test water, receiving water, and the dilution water.
Therefore, USEPA recommends the use of the $ 0.5 dilution factor (see Section 4, Quality Assurance).
These levels are common and well accepted levels for this type of analysis and are presented as a recommended minimum significance level for toxicity test data analysis.
The following general format and content are recommended for the report:
Any deviation from the recommended flowcharts for selection of statistical methods should be noted in the data report.
The reviewer should verify that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the specified frequency required by the permitting authority or recommended by the method (e.g.
The dilution water used in the toxicity tests may be natural seawater, hypersaline brine (100‰) prepared from natural seawater, or artificial seawater prepared from commercial sea salts, such as FORTY FATHOMS® or HW MARINEMIX®, if recommended in the method.
As a result of the variability of different dilution factors, USEPA recommends the use of a $ 0.5 dilution factor.
Where states have developed culturing and testing methods for indigenous species other than those recommended in this manual, data comparing the sensitivity of the substitute species and one or more of the recommended species must be obtained in side-by-side toxicity tests with reference toxicants and/or effluents, to ensure that the species selected are at least as sensitive as the recommended species.
The test organisms recommended in this manual can be cultured in the laboratory using culturing and handling methods for each organism described in the respective test method sections.
If the acclimation process is repeated with a new group of test organisms and excessive mortality occurs, it is recommended that an alternative source of dilution water be used.
Therefore, USEPA recommends the use of the $ 0.5 dilution factor (see Section 4, Quality Assurance).
These levels are common and well accepted levels for this type of analysis and are presented as a recommended minimum significance level for toxicity data analysis.
The following general format and content are recommended for the report:
Any deviation from the recommended flowcharts for selection of statistical methods should be noted in the data report.
The reviewer should verify that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the specified frequency required by the permitting authority or recommended by the method (e.g.
Concurrently, legislation has been proposed in previous and current Congresses that would require simultaneous reductions of multiple emissions, and the Administration's National Energy Policy recommends the establishment of "mandatory reduction targets for emissions of three main pollutants: sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, and mercury."
** Results calculated using seven percent discount rate as recommended by OMB Circular A-94 (OMB, 1992).
As discussed earlier, EPA's Science Advisory Board, while acknowledging the uncertainties in estimation of a PM-mortality relationship, has repeatedly recommended the use of a study that
25 In its September 2001 advisory on the draft analytical blueprint for the second Section 812 prospective analysis, the SAB cited the Thurston and Ito study as a significant advance in understanding the effects of ozone on daily mortality and recommended re-evaluation of the ozone mortality endpoint for inclusion in the next prospective study (EPA-SAB-COUNCIL-ADV-01-004, 2001).
* Results calculated using three percent discount rate as recommended by EPA's Guidelines for Economic Analysis (US EPA, 2000a).
To be effective, GAO recommends that electronic signatures be
Specifically, we recommended that OMB promote the federal Chief Information Officers Council's adoption of information security as one of its top priorities and encourage the council to develop a strategic plan for increasing awareness of the importance of information security, especially among senior agency executives, and improving information security program management
In March 2002,8 we recommended that the F-22 program office monitor the status of critical manufacturing processes as the program proceeds toward high rate production.
Finally, given that the data you assessed have serious reliability weaknesses, you should include this finding in the report and recommend that the agency take corrective action.
3The Trueblood Committee (named after the chairman), a group formed by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) to study the objectives of financial reporting, recommended financial statements that set forth the objectives of financial accounting and reporting and provided a conceptual framework for deliberations about accounting matters.
auditor may recommend a greater role for users if they are not involved in approving alternatives or validating system requirements.
CII also has developed a training module intended to assist organizations in adopting this recommended approach to preproject planning.
To help the Postal Service resolve its problems, we have long recommended that the Service and its unions and management associations establish a framework agreement to outline common goals.
For the cumulative use of GAO reports, these concerns are less important, since we already use the "audit trail" procedures recommended in the policy and other manuals for verification of data collection and analysis quality.
5 In our July 2001 report on aviation rulemaking we recommended, among other things, that the FAA Administrator take steps to (1) empower team members by giving them the authority to coordinate with the associate administrators (which would eliminate a separate review and approval step), (2) empower team
For both years, each senior executive recommended for a bonus received one.
BLM appraises senior executives' performance and recommends them for performance awards based on their achievement of the performance elements in their individual performance plans and the executives' demonstration of leadership excellence.
The mission of FASAB is to recommend accounting concepts and standards that result in federal agencies' financial reports including understandable, relevant, and reliable information about the financial position, activities, and results of operations of the United States government and its component units.
Reporting Additional or Supplementary Information - When financial information on such entities is included in general-purpose financial reports of a larger Federal reporting entity (including Treasury's consolidated financial report), any applicable standards recommended by the FASAB and issued by OMB and the General Accounting Office (GAO) that call for additional reporting or supplementary information should be applied.
The governing statute provides that a committee consisting of the Comptroller General, the Speaker of the House and President Pro Tempore of the Senate, the Majority and Minority leaders, and the Chairmen and Ranking Minority Members of the Senate Governmental Affairs and House Government Reform Committees recommend an individual to the President for appointment.
The laws require that farm workers be prevented from entering fields treated with pesticides until recommended times have elapsed.
Though LSNJ recommended keeping the Passaic service area separate, Passaic Legal contends that LSNJ is acting as LSC's agent in defunding the Passaic unit.
By contrast, New York's Volunteers of Legal Service recommends 30 hours.
Commissions study and recommend, the President proposes and the Congress disposes---as it sees fit!
The second table shows the numbers using PRC assumptions and recommended rates.
The Postal Service complied with this requirement early in 1973, and a Domestic Mail Classification Schedule recommended by the Commission became effective on July 6, 1976.
MC2001-1, the Commission recommended three new worksharing-based discounted Priority Mail categories after negotiating with mailers who were willing to presort their mail in new ways that could reduce the Postal Service's costs.
The following is a recommended selection of Las Vegas’s best hotels in four price categories.
More serious trekkers, with cross-country or mountain walking on their minds (and in their legs), can choose from a number of recommended hikes, including:
At the south end, boat cruises start out from Peschiera, Sirmione, and Desenzano, particularly recommended for dramatic views of the east shore’s mountains and the beautiful Punta di San Vigilio, with its little church and 16th-century Villa Guarienti.
It is now home to Maison Henri, a highly recommended French restaurant.
Muddy York once could be recommended only by its commanding position on Lake Ontario, from which Fort York guarded the troublesome American border.
Particularly recommended is the village of Lijiang, 150 km (95 miles) north of Dali, under the shadow of the 5,500-m (18,000-ft) Jade Dragon Snow Mountain (Yulong Xue Shan).
A lot of careful planning is recommended.
Within and beyond the valley are many more sights worth taking in on day trips, including viewpoints on the valley’s rim from where you can see the Himalayas at sunrise and sunset, particularly recommended if you are not planning to go trekking.
The surf here is usually quite rough and with a strong undertow, so it is not recommended for swimming.
And if that isn't enough synergy for you, if you go to the pages for Mein Kampf on Amazon, as I did, you'll also find links to recommended Amazon auctions, including a collectible sign of Hitler photographed with two children and various commemorative stamps.
A USAT "Cover Story" gets the dirt on Jerry Baker, a self-styled "master gardener" whose folksy radio shows, how-to books, and PBS specials recommend dousing plants with mixtures that include chewing tobacco, mouthwash, and bourbon.
First, she will recommend from time to time that the Federales reopen investigations, or look into this or that problem-just to remind voters that she draws legitimacy from the White House.
Fodor's recommends its "high-quality" steaks and touts Michael's "rather frequent appearances," and Frommer's calls the food "surprisingly good."
The NTSB recommended that the seats be redesigned, and Gov. Gray Davis, D-Calif., promised to re-examine a school bus seat-belt law passed by the California legislature earlier this month.
An investigation discovered that the officer marched his troops faster than was recommended and ignored other safety procedures during a training exercise this summer.
Regulatory agencies like the Food and Drug Administration and Federal Communications Commission hedge on the issue, neither guaranteeing cellular phones' safety nor recommending that users stop using them.
Jim, I'd recommend a different book, one I've mentioned before.
Culturebox tested everything in or on a gas range viewed favorably by Consumer Reports , and found that some things were done in the time recommended, but the so-called Perfect Brownies--a dry, crumbly, tasteless contribution from a book presumptuously called The Perfect Recipe --would have been overbaked, and Batali's lamb dish understewed, if Culturebox had followed the recipes strictly.
I love the fact that Amazon knows who I am and can recommend books to me when I come to their home page (they've yet to recommend my book to me, but I'm sure they'll get around to that soon enough).
Angela Shelf Medearis, author of a Kwanzaa cookbook, recommends the following karamu menu: Jambalaya Salad, Moroccan Honey Chicken, New-Style Collard Greens, and Fruits of Africa Pie.
A story recommends that baseball teams share television revenue.
The American Cancer Society recommended annual mammograms for women in their 40s.
An ethics-commission report solicited by President Clinton will recommend that scientists be allowed to clone human embryos for experiments, according to the Washington Post . However, the report recommends a ban on implanting these embryos in women and developing them into babies.
Kathryn Harrison's The Kiss, a memoir of her incestuous relationship with her father, has been given a glowing review in the Journal of the American Medical Association . The review, by physician David Hodo, praises the book as "exquisite" and "highly recommended to all physicians."
Cemetery superintendent Metzler told the Washington Post that he would have recommended a waiver for Lawrence , "given the fact he died in office" and was "serving actively in a post at the time of his death."
The trading day started off down nearly 200 points, but the papers agree on the main reasons for the mid-session turnaround: the chief strategist for Goldman Sachs recommended that investors boost the stock portion of their portfolios, and IBM and several other blue-chippers announced company buy-backs of their stock.
I can think of no set of beliefs about the limits of jurors' competence that would recommend such a policy.
Would he recommend hoping for the best?
The authors recommended that the federal government invoke an obscure provision of the Controlled Substances Act of 1917 to revoke the licenses of doctors who dare to act on Proposition 215, and that the Drug Enforcement Administration ignore state authorities and "use its power" to "move unilaterally" against pro-pot doctors.
In a recent issue of the New York Review of Books , George Fredrickson recommends that supporters of affirmative action avoid the words "racial preferences" and "reverse discrimination" in favor of the term "equality of opportunity."
From the perspective of a mayor or state legislator it sounds like a public-relations debacle: The sight of federal agents cuffing some beloved Marcus Welby for recommending a marijuana cigarette for kindly Uncle Sebastian suffering from AIDS will not go over well with voters.
For these communities, the FCC's e-rate department recommends dial-up services like AOL that offer 800 access at a pricey 10 cents a minute premium.
My Jewishness certainly includes support for Israel, although not always support for the policies of the government of Israel, and I have recommended a reduction in U.S. government financial aid for Israel.
It was actually the path Gates recommended in a now-famous 1985 memo that suggested that Apple license the Macintosh operating system--with its graphical interface and windows--to three to five other manufacturers who would build compatible computers.
We are, of course, in a bull market, which means that analysts should have been recommending that clients buy more often than they sell.
) It's likely therefore, that the drug will only be recommended for women at high risk for breast cancer.
When Pearl Harbor was attacked, FDR didn't appoint a commission to study and recommend further changes in our defense posture.)
All this exploration makes for some heavy going, and I certainly wouldn't recommend that anyone read these volumes straight through, as I had to for review.
They seemed to understand every part of a woman's dress better than we do ourselves: and they recommended caps and ribands with an air of so much importance, that I wished to ask them how long they had left off wearing them!
Take Samuel Cartwright, for instance, who in 1851 coined two ingenious new diagnoses to be applied to slaves: drapetomania , or running away (recommended treatment: whipping), and dysaesthesia aethiopis , whose symptoms were sloth and a tendency to break things (recommended treatment: whipping).
So why do I recommend Rounders ? Because I'm a sucker--I was entertained.
What would you recommend?
Prudie does not recommend an association technique.
Shoes are a peculiar gift, but I've recommended them to many people.
They claim that, after the 1991 meeting, I "recommended no changes in the [incidence study's] methodology and definitions."
She recommends that Tanenhaus should read some revisionist works that challenge such an assumption.
Button's situation, his decision seems quite reasonable: Assuming you have no a priori moral or religious objection to suicide and do not greatly fear death, death seems like a rational (if not recommended) alternative when faced with likely court-martial, professional ruin, a possible jail term, and a very public dishonor brought upon oneself and one's family.
Can you recommend a general text that is current, comprehensive, and for my parents' sake, progressive?
I didn't try shearling, but no one I spoke with recommended it.
It has also become obvious that the commission has too many pro-gambling members to produce a report that recommends taxes or other real penalties on the industry.
Strongly recommend, when appropriate, on-screen discussion of physical requirements for said phenomenon--as when a character in Blade observes an "odd muscle structure around the canines."
Restaurant entertaining is becoming fashionable, however, and Prudie would recommend that for you if that choice would not come from shame, and if you would have a better evening yourselves.
(Small fee paid for this mention by Delacorte Press, but I would have recommended the book anyway.
A NYT op-ed asks several public figures, including Mario Cuomo and William F. Buckley Jr., to recommend comeback strategies for the down-and-out President.
It's the preferred weight for writing paper, the maximum recommended for laser printers is 28 pound.
I recommend taking the Temperament Sorter II and ignoring the Character Sorter, which I found confusing and not particularly accurate.
and a portfolio manager who recommends stocks in a column of his own."
Nevertheless, commenting on the ship movements, Yeltsin's defense minister ominously said, "The Defense Ministry is also considering more decisive actions that will be recommended to the leadership if the situation changes."
Your response to ""--recommending that a soon-to-be-married couple break off relations with highly unsupportive soon-to-be in-laws--struck a deep, dark chord in me.
Q: Do you recommend working in a corporation?
Other post-massacre advice: Time recommends that high schools provide counseling to "help bullies deal with frustration," and Newsweek writes that kids should vet their peers' comments ("Mrs.
Italy recommended a bombing halt for several days after a U.N. resolution is announced.
The question (not burning, perhaps--except for the poor dupes who suffered through the charmless Phantom because the Times recommended it) is how Maslin comes by this generosity.
How would you recommend I deal with this?
(Click to find out why Slate recommends against flying to Martha's Vineyard by yourself.)
a land of ruins," but recommended that just as the Turkish government uses the latest techniques to protect monuments such as the Hagia Sophia in Istanbul from seismic turbulence, so should it "apply the same rigorous standards to its more mundane buildings for it is upon them and their inhabitants that its future depends."
He recommends a half-milligram to 1 milligram, one hour before bed, no more than once a week . Vivid dreams are common ("dreams like you've never dreamed before," says the doc, and I concur), but so is restful sleep.
The NYSHD recommends rabies shots if a bat is found in the same room with a sleeping person or unattended child, even if it is not known if the person has been bitten or if the bat has rabies or if the child is very nice.
The National Academy of Sciences recommended formation of a federal medical-mistake-prevention program.
I recommend the Katharine Hepburn metaphor as a gentle and flattering way to make this request.
Doctors said they did not know what to recommend in light of the study's conclusions and advised women to seek recommendations from … their doctors.
The NYT and USAT note Judiciary chairman Henry Hyde's Sunday talk show comment that the committee's majority counsel, David Schippers, may well recommend that some of Ken Starr's charges be dropped while adding some others.
The New York Times puts the story above the fold, but leads with Iraq's latest weapons inspection snit and off-leads with word that driven by budget constraints as much as by the reduced threat of nuclear attack, the Pentagon is quietly recommending unilateral reductions in U.S. nuclear warheads.
The papers report that Madeleine Albright recommended the Cuba ease-up to President Clinton yesterday and that he is expected to announce it today.
Giri peer-reviewed the piece for the NYROB and recommended publication.
This book appears to have been diligently researched and has much to recommend it as an adjunct to most libraries, public and private, large and small, general and specialized.
L: Yes, what kind of diet did you recommend?
The CCE does have price to recommend it, coming in at about half of what a college-or desk-sized dictionary would cost.
The Office of the Commissioner General for the French Language, a supervisory body, has recently published a new edition of the Dictionnaire des Né ologismes Officiels , which lists the 2,000-odd terms so far approved (plus some 400 “recommended” ones whose use is obligatory for certain publications only).
Indeed, while I was writing this review an acquaintance phoned to say that he had to replace all the aging dictionaries in his office and asked me to recommend a replacement.
A review of his book in Onoma (23, 1, 1979, pp. 96-113) begins: “a disappointment, [which] can be recommended neither for the specialist nor for the novice.
On the whole, I recommend DOSAE highly for anyone wishing to get to grips with English in South Africa.
Aside from its linguistic, lexicographic, and social uses, the Death Dictionary is highly recommended not only for its approach and treatment but as a course of study for any who have contemplated death in the abstract or in its ineluctable reality-- their own or somebody else's.
The forecasting and inventory models presented in this chapter are not new; they have been recommended for years by statisticians and operations researchers.
The next destination was discussed: once again the Secret Service recommended against returning to Washington, and the Vice President agreed.
We recommend several initiatives in this area.
If, as we recommend, there is substantial change in the way we collect and share intelligence, there should be a voice within the executive branch for those concerns.
We further recommend that federal homeland security funds be allocated in accordance with those benchmarks, and that states be required to abide by those benchmarks in disbursing the federal funds.
Despite examples of terrorists entering from Canada, awareness of terrorist activity in Canada and its more lenient immigration laws, and an inspector general's report recommending that the Border Patrol develop a northern border strategy, the only positive step was that the number of Border Patrol agents was not cut any further.
Though the principals hoped that the missiles would hit Bin Ladin, NSC staff recommended the strike whether or not there was firm evidence that the commanders were at the facilities.
Binalshibh also researched flight schools in Europe, and in the Netherlands he met a flight school director who recommended flight schools in the United States because they were less expensive and required shorter training periods.
The Port Authority recommended leaving the repeater system on at all times.
Such therapy appears to be cost effective [ 15 16 ] , especially among high risk patients and is recommended under current American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines [ 17 ] . Fourth, it may not be possible to ascertain whether these findings apply to all patients with recent acute coronary syndromes regardless of baseline lipid levels.
As has been noted in the ICH-E9 guideline [ 9 ] , 'no universally applicable methods of handling missing values can be recommended.
Caveat: it is always recommended that the results between two BLAST matches be scrutinized as reports have suggested that the closest BLAST match is often not the nearest neighbor [ 30 ] .
After the recommended normalization procedure was applied, we confirmed that there was negligible inter-array variability of the mean signal (with 5% of signals trimmed from both the high and low ends) across the 4629 targets that passed the presence / absence filter (described in the next section).
Total RNA was extracted from normal human skeletal muscle tissue samples and used for cDNA and labeled cRNA synthesis as previously described [ 14 15 ] . The fragmented cRNA together with control targets recommended by Affymetrix were hybridized to the GeneChip of choice (HuGeneFL or HG-U95A).
However, a simpler method, and one that we recommend, is to estimate the bootstrap 95% confidence interval (range) and/or bootstrap standard error of the mode.
We recommend that experimentalists perform both a single marker analysis with an intersection test and a multiple marker analysis and use the information available in both analyses to guide their decisions about what regions to carry forward for further study.
Microarrays were re-used for a total of 5 hybridisations, as recommended by the manufacturer.
We therefore followed the conservative practice recommended in [ 11 ] by considering all spot values less than a value of 1800 to define undetectable hybridizations.
Therefore, we recommend using the standard protocol instead of using the amplification strategy for samples down to 1 μg of total RNA, and our simplified amplification protocol for smaller samples, at least down to 0.1 μg.
All enzyme reactions were performed as recommended by the manufacturers (GIBCO Bethesda Research Laboratories, Inc., Gaithersburg, Md., New England Biolabs, Beverly, Mass.)
For PCR applications (or those involving polymerization, where homology at the 3' end of the primer is most critical), it is recommended that the 3' end and the penultimate position be G or C with frequencies of ≥0.
The detection of nonadherence to recommended treatment can be problematic.
Given the amount of work involved in performing any meta-analysis, we recommend that a meta-analysis attempt to meet both these goals.
We recommend that the protocol allow only one or two primary outcomes to focus the analysis and avoid the impression of a fishing expedition.
We strongly recommend the use of a numeric quality score to summarize the results of the evaluation [ 5 20 22 24 ] . The two blinded raters will create a consensus score for quality which will be combined with the score for sources from the unblinded raters to give a final score for the study.
Petitti [ 31 ] has observed that this test is conservative, and we recommend that the significance level for this statistic be set to 0.10 rather than the usual 0.05.
We also recommend that all deaths and their causes be reported.
The most effective screening test is the prostate-specific antigen (PSA) assay, which in combination with digital rectal examination (DRE) substantially enhances the cancer detection rate [ 4 ] . The American Cancer Society and the American Urologic Association recommend annual cancer screening with PSA testing and digital rectal examination for men with life expectancies greater than 10 years [ 5 6 ] . However, the United States Preventive Services Task Force and the American College of Physicians have not endorsed routine screening because there is no conclusive evidence that screening and treatment reduce morbidity and mortality from prostate cancer [ 7 8 ] . Another concern about prostate cancer screening is uncertainty about the diagnostic performance of PSA.
Blots were developed using a 1:100 dilution of the rabbit anti-hamster IBAT antibodies and an amplified alkaline phosphatase goat-anti-rabbit immunoblot assay kit (Biorad, Hercules, CA) as recommended by the manufacturer.
That is, the sustained virologic response rate that they would require before they would recommend treatment to their patients.
On average, physicians indicated that they would require a 60% sustained response before recommending therapy to their patients.
Physicians provided particularly low preference values for side effects of antiviral therapy and high thresholds for recommending treatment.
The authors reviewed the database entries and analysed the recorded lessons learned to identify common themes in order to summarize the following experience-based recommended approaches to assisting nursing home providers with quality improvement.
This led to the development of detailed forms (or "checklists") that nursing home staff and QIO staff could use to assess whether or not recommended care processes for the clinical topic of focus were in place at the nursing home.
All quality control measures were consistent with the manufacturers recommended procedures and conformed to the recommended cut-off values.
Since the DAD is scored as a proportion, the recommended transformation is arcsin (square root (DAD)).
Major changes recommended by the group were incorporated into an individual's presentation.
In all regression analyses, the number of independent variables was lower than the number of individuals/10 as recommended by Altman [ 25 ] .
This is reminiscent of similar patterns seen in Mexico, Brazil and Honduras [ 13 ] . The radical decline is most unfortunate, keeping in mind that the WHO recently decided to change the recommended duration of exclusive breastfeeding from 4-6 months to 6 months [ 26 ] .
The physicians generally lacked a sense of behavioral capability, expectation, and self-efficacy [ 27 ] regarding their ability to successfully recommend, produce, and sustain a change in patient health behaviors.
All patients received anti-tuberculosis treatment consisting of two months of daily self-administered isoniazid (INH), rifampicin, ethambutol, and pyrazinamide, followed by six months of daily INH and rifampicin, which was the recommended first line treatment by the World Health Organization (WHO).
Referral and contact information regarding medical or psychiatric evaluations, psychological counseling, and other recommended services or products was also provided.
Not all opioid analgesics that are commonly available are recommended for acute or chronic dosing.
Chromosome and probe denaturation, hybridization, detection, and counterstaining were all done according to standard protocols as recommended by the manufacturer.
First, some authors recommend using "Best Evidence" at the beginning of a search [ 13 ] . We taught the use of Best Evidence during the first trial (Table 1), but not during the second study since we had informally observed that Best Evidence less often provided answers.
Studies suggest that a wide gap exists between the 2 minutes clinicians typically allot to seeking evidence [ 2 ] and the amount of time needed to search MEDLINE [ 4 12 13 ] . Indeed, "some have likened MEDLINE searching to attempting to drink water from a fire hose" [ 15 ] . Although MEDLINE is certainly more difficult to search than other resources recommended for evidence-based medicine, the other resources, in aggregate, probably require excessive time to search if they are searched in sequence as recommended.
Finally, providers were asked to indicate on a 4-point Likert scale if they would recommend that the patient take lipid-lowering therapy, with responses ranging from "strongly recommend therapy" to "strongly recommend against therapy".
Perhaps because of the over-estimation of risk and the potential benefits of treatment, most physicians recommended treatment in most scenarios, even those with relatively low risk.
Cut points for regular use were based on dispensing patterns and recent guidelines recommending testing three to four times per day for insulin users and less frequent testing for non-insulin users.
There is no state cost as beyond the initial diagnostic tests, there is no further management recommended.
Many attendants mistakenly recommended a single dose of AQ instead of the required three-day treatment.
Virtually all drug outlets operate on very limited budgets and cannot afford to discard drugs that are no longer recommended.
For older pacemakers a safety distance of 6 inches (15 centimeters) is sufficient to avoid malfunctions, although some publications recommend less than 6 inches.
The standard for vapor degreasers specifically recommends against local exhaust ventilation because of its potential role in generating emissions to the environment.
The company assumed that substitutes recommended by chemical suppliers would be acceptable from an environmental and health and safety perspective.
We recommend that future studies of geographic patterns use a concordance of evidence from a multiscalar integrative geographic approach to assure that 1) different aspects of spatial pattern are fully identified and 2) the results from the suite of analyses are logically consistent.
The levels of AA and DHA chosen were similar to that previously shown in rats to affect neurotransmitter levels and behavior [ 96 ] ; and were not excessively high, being 2-3 fold higher than that recommended for human babies who have a slower Δ6 desaturase activity than rodents.
Bound antibodies were detected by a chemiluminescent detection system (ECL; Amersham Pharmacia Biotech, Piscataway, NJ) as recommended by the manufacturer's protocol.
After washing in TBST, the ERβ protein was visualized with a chemiluminescent detection system (ECL; Amersham Pharmacia Biotech, Piscataway, NJ) as recommended by the manufacturer, and exposed on Kodak XAR film (Eastman Kodak, Rochester, NY).
After inactivation of the DNase at 75°C for 5 min 5 μl of the lysate was used for first strand synthesis under the conditions recommended by the manufacturer.
Deposition of collagen and elastin in cell and matrix layers was determined by solid-phase ELISA with antibodies against goat anti-collagen I (Chemicon), mouse anti-collagen III (Telios), mouse anti-collagen VI (Telios), or mouse anti-elastin (Sigma), at dilutions recommended by the manufacturers.
Given the very limited breast tissue available in clinical chemoprevention trials, we do not recommend testing for TGF-βs as surrogate end-point biomarkers at this time.
Cell lines were grown in Dulbecco's modified Eagle's medium supplemented with 10% fetal calf serum, except for MCF10A cells, which were grown as recommended by the ATCC.
The breast cancer cell lines MCF-7 and HCC1954 were obtained from American Type Culture Collection and grown under the recommended conditions.
Then, each antibody was tested with our published protocol, which involves an overnight incubation of deparaffinized sections at 70°C in the retrieval solution and an incubation for 3-4 hours or overnight of the primary antibody at about 25°C [ 26 ] . Two adjacent sections stained by using our protocol and the manufacturer's recommended protocols were compared for specificity and sensitivity.
Accordingly, on the basis of existing evidence, the use of dopamine to improve renal function cannot be recommended.
Additionally, approved product labels recommend stopping the drotrecogin alfa (activated) infusion 2 hours before invasive procedures and waiting 12 hours after major surgical procedures to restart the infusion after ensuring adequate hemostasis [ 6 ] . The infusion may be restarted immediately after uncomplicated, less invasive procedures after ensuring adequate hemostasis.
However, based upon the results of this analysis and our experience feeding critically ill patients, we recommend that critically ill patients who are not at high risk for aspiration have a nasogastric/orogastric tube placed on admission to the ICU for the early initiation of enteral nutrition.
The breakpoints for susceptibility were those recommended by the National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards.
More sophisticated methods than ours could be envisioned, but ANOVA and template matching have much to recommend them.
The precise EPP values to use as the cutoffs for trinary assignment are user-specified in the software, but we recommend using the most stringent values, 0% and 100%, for most analyses.
Observing global, signal-dependent and spatially dependent distributions is recommended in all cases.
It is possible that spots on these arrays have been renamed since the data were analyzed for this manuscript and we therefore recommend that if the reader has a real interest in any particular gene that they go to the Stanford Microarray Database [ 65, 66] and carefully examine the data as it stands today.
The latter can be used to determine how well the recommended haplotype-tagging SNPs detect association at a particular candidate SNP.
Rule 6.5 also created the Pro Bono Commission, which oversees these committees and recommends IOLTA distributions to the Indiana Bar Foundation (IBF).
The Systems Committee is charged with "identifying judicial, legislative and administrative system impediments to access to justice and recommending and implementing appropriate changes."
In 2002, our reviews resulted in LSC recommending modifications in several programs' legal work management and supervision systems.
Instead, we could recommend that, compared with other settings, the prevalence of alcohol problems among ED patients makes it worthy of careful consideration.
In general, ED staff screens less often than addiction experts recommend.
He recommended that future research evaluate whether using physicians or ED staff is more cost effective than using specially hired staff.
Emergency physicians should provide their legislative representatives and insurance regulators with information about how the UPPL adversely affects their ability to implement alcohol intervention programs and encourage them to implement the changes recommended by the NAIC and NCOIL.
, the receiving water concentration or RWC) and a control is not recommended.
Laboratory and toxicity test temperature control equipment must be adequate to maintain recommended test water temperatures.
Some states have developed culturing and testing methods for indigenous species that may be as sensitive or more sensitive than the species recommended in 6.1.
Where states have developed culturing and testing methods for indigenous species other than those recommended in this manual, data comparing the sensitivity of the substitute species and one or more of the recommended species must be obtained in side-by-side toxicity tests with reference toxicants and/or effluents, to ensure that the species selected are at least as sensitive as the recommended species.
For this reason, it is recommended that only approximately 10% of the test organisms be exposed initially to the dilution water.
Tests recommended for use in this methods manual may be static non-renewal or static renewal.
Also, working solutions should be dated when prepared, and the recommended shelf life should be observed.
Some states have developed culturing and testing methods for indigenous species that may be as sensitive, or more sensitive, than the species recommended in Subsection 6.1.
Where states have developed culturing and testing methods for indigenous species other than those recommended in this manual, data comparing the sensitivity of the substitute species and the one or more recommended species must be obtained in side-by-side toxicity tests with reference toxicants and/or effluents, to ensure that the species selected are at least as sensitive as the recommended species.
Instructions for culturing and/or holding the recommended test organisms are included in the respective test methods (also, see USEPA, 2002a).
The recommended order of the cartridges in a four-cartridge deionizer (i.e.
USEPA recommends the use of a $0.
The statistical methods contained in this manual have been chosen because they are (1) applicable to most of the different toxicity test data sets for which they are recommended, (2) powerful statistical tests, (3) hopefully "easily" understood by nonstatisticians, and (4) amenable to use without a computer, if necessary.
In performing the point estimation techniques recommended in this manual, an all-data approach is used.
1 The statistical methods used for analyzing test data are reviewed to verify that the recommended flowcharts for statistical analysis were followed.
In all cases (flowchart recommended methods or alternate methods), reviewers should verify that the necessary assumptions are met for the statistical method used.
Laboratory and toxicity test temperature control equipment must be adequate to maintain recommended test water temperatures.
Also, working solutions should be dated when prepared, and the recommended shelf life should be observed.
Some states have developed culturing and testing methods for indigenous species that may be as sensitive or more sensitive, than the species recommended in Subsection 6.1.
Where states have developed culturing and testing methods for indigenous species other than those recommended in this manual, data comparing the sensitivity of the substitute species and one or more of the recommended species must be obtained in side-by-side toxicity tests with reference toxicants and/or effluents, to ensure that the species selected are at least as sensitive as the recommended species.
Instructions for culturing and/or holding the recommended test organisms are included in specified test methods (also, see USEPA, 2002a).
The tests recommended for use in determining discharge permit compliance in the NPDES program are multiconcentration, or definitive, tests which provide (1) a point estimate of effluent toxicity in terms of an IC25, IC50, or LC50, or (2) a no-observed-effect-concentration (NOEC) defined in terms of mortality, growth, reproduction, and/or teratogenicity and obtained by hypothesis testing.
The statistical methods contained in this manual have been chosen because they are (1) applicable to most of the different toxicity test data sets for which they are recommended, (2) powerful statistical tests, (3) hopefully "easily" understood by nonstatisticians, and (4) amenable to use without a computer, if necessary.
In performing the point estimation techniques recommended in this manual, an all-data approach is used.
1 The statistical methods used for analyzing test data are reviewed to verify that the recommended flowcharts for statistical analysis were followed.
In all cases (flowchart recommended methods or alternate methods), reviewers should verify that the necessary assumptions are met for the statistical method used.
3 To assist in reviewing within-test variability, EPA recommends maintaining control charts of PMSDs calculated for successive effluent tests (USEPA, 2000b).
In addition, the time frames for States to recommend, and EPA to promulgate, designations for the 8-hour ozone and fine particles NAAQS are revised to align the time frames for EPA to designate areas for these standards.
More specifically, the SAB recommended emphasis on Pope, et al.
The Alternative Estimate addresses this issue by using an estimate of the value of statistical life that is based only on the set of five contingent valuation studies included in the larger set of 26 studies recommended by Viscusi (1992) as applicable to policy analysis.
** Results calculated using seven percent discount rate as recommended by OMB Circular A-94 (OMB, 1992).
The task force recommended that Hewlett Packard consolidate its transaction processing activities such as accounts payable, accounts receivable, payroll, and fixed assets accounting from over 100 decentralized centers into just 8 Financial Service Centers worldwide.
Our response was that if the agency followed through with its proposed controls and that the benefits derived exceeded the cost, the modifications would be in accordance with Title 7. As with other requests, we recommended that the agency's subsequent
GAO recommends that the Secretary of Defense revise policy and guidance
GAO will follow up by discussing the status of recommendations with cognizant agency officials; obtaining copies of agency documents supporting the recommendations' implementation; and performing sufficient work to verify that the recommended actions are being taken and, to the extent possible, that the desired results are being achieved.
Finally, if the data you assessed are not sufficiently reliable, you should include this finding in the report and recommend that the audited entity take corrective action.
The auditor should also recommend changes to ensure that the agency is properly addressing the critical factors in the GAO model.
Were the offeror's proposed rates compared with the direct, indirect, overhead, and general and administrative rates recommended by the appropriate contract audit activity?
statement then referred the reader to a 73-page reference guide that provided definitions, recommended guidelines and procedures, explanatory discussions, and self-assessment questionnaires designed to assist business units in understanding the need for the policies and how they could be implemented.
Yes, audit committees of the board interact with and recommend which audit firm to retain for approval by the shareholders.
We often use multiple methods, and the audit trail technique now recommended for case study use was itself adopted from such auditing procedures as workpapers and referencing, which are standard practice with GAO.
FHWA recommended 20 of the 45 senior executives (44 percent) receive bonuses in fiscal year 2001 and 22 of the 45 executives (49 percent) in fiscal year 2000.
Stating that there must be appropriate rewards for outstanding performance and negative consequences for those who do not perform according to their performance agreement, the task force recommended that detailed performance agreements be incorporated into the performance standards for the senior executives in the regional offices.
Concepts do not establish Federal financial accounting standards; rather they describe the concepts used by FASAB as a framework as it considers and recommends accounting principles for the Federal government.
Within each of the standards, minimum required and, in some cases, recommended reporting is described.
When the Board developed the standards for stewardship reporting, its intention was to provide overall guidance on definitions, recognition, measurement, and minimum and recommended reporting.
recommending economy, efficiency, and effectiveness improvements in federal agency programs.
In another example, we have recommended combining the Department of Justice's Office of Domestic Preparedness with FEMA to improve coordination.
Adams recommended focusing on the basics: who, what, where, when and how.
The American Bar Association recommends that private firm attorneys contribute 50 hours per year to pro bono work.
Postal Rate Commission recommend "rates and fees [that] shall provide sufficient revenues so that total estimated income …to the Postal Service will equal as nearly as practicable total estimated costs of [operating] the Postal Service."
Put another way, based on the evidence the Postal Service put on the record during rebuttal hearings as recently as this past August 30th, in the absence of the occurrence of unforeseen events costing more than---the portion of the full $1 billion contingency earned when new rates are implemented in January, $600 million, the Service should do quite well with what we recommend.
Section 3623(a) directs the Postal Service to file a request with the Postal Rate Commission for a recommended decision on establishing a mail classification schedule within two years of the Reorganization Act's effective date.
MC2000-2, was initially considered and recommended by the Commission under the market test rules.
Reservations are strongly recommended, particularly in summer and at Christmas.
Red Sea Sports are also recommended (tel.
From the ferry station on the west bank it’s a 40-minute walk across the sand, though this is not recommended.
Unless a shop has been specifically recommended, just stop anywhere and look inside, without buying right away.
The present building was built in 1909 and now houses restaurants serving breakfast, lunch, and dinner (the food isn’t highly recommended), a bar (drinks at sunset are a better idea), and the Musée Mécanique, one of the largest privately owned collections of old-fashioned coin-operated arcade novelties in the world.
River viewing of a different type is recommended at the site of the Dujiangyan Irrigation System, 57 km (35 miles) northwest of Chengdu.
Therefore, an overnight stop in Ceuta is recommended.

Reservations are recommended, to ensure a good table.
