The Trustee referred him to the Blue Triangle where he consulted Goodwill's Career Academy staff for job search assistance.
All children who attend the camp are referred by social workers, doctors, teachers, counselors, and other professionals.
It's odd, however, that in repeating this charge, the Times didn't interview the man most closely associated with it, Christopher Hitchens, or refer to the book where he set it out, The Missionary Position .
In Bleak House (Chapter XXVII) Grandfather Smallweed, referring to Mr. George, warns Mr. Tulkinghorn that “I have him periodically in a vice.
And one is certain that Kenneth Rexroth, in his American Poetry in the Twentieth Century (Herder and Herder, N.Y., 1971) did not intend to hint at closet biographical matter when, in Chapter I, he wrote that “Whitman's poems are full of men doing things together,” or, later in the same chapter, when he referred to “Whitman's joyous workmen swinging their tools in the open air.”

As a nonexpert, although interested, subscriber to VERBATIM, it is “a bit mysterious” to me that the singular noun absence takes the plural verb are . I refer to the first sentence of your article about the Longman Dictionary [XV,1].
Two words, dew and shower , refer in the context to the presence of water; the rest are in contexts indicating its absence.
Taking page 17 again, I was reminded that Giles is rather given to semi-serious poetic diction at times, and we find him referring to the presence of water in the Finke River as “the stream purling over its stony floor” or, quoting some bygone poet, “brightly the brook through the green leaflets, giddy with joyousness, dances along.”
His use of the word tank to refer to a hollowed-out reservoir (“Gibson dug a small tank and the water soon cleared”) antedates the OED , for instance.
Gregory uses stream in the way normal in England; Giles consistently refers to gens in the hills of central Australia, though glen is not current (outside place-names) in contemporary Australian English.
Nonetheless, it is convenient to think about the existence of a group of proto-dialects which can be referred to as Proto-Indo-European.
True, one can find different from , etc., in an entry so headed, but for absolute constructions one is referred to an entry called “Covered with onions, relish, and ketchup, I ate a hotdog at the ball-park.”
The rationale behind referring to them as “lost” arises from the author's observation of an unfortunate state of affairs: because of an increasingly widespread lack of familiarity with the basic, structural elements of our culture—Greek and Roman mythology, the Bible, literature, and ordinary historical fact—people today are unable to discern the origins of terms like aphrodisiac, Achilles [sic] heel or tendon, meet one's Waterloo, sow dragon's teeth , and hand-writing on the wall , to name a few.
We hope that you send your response to us as soon as possible because if you fail to respond until the expiry date of the foremost package, we may refer the package to the West Africa Commission for Welfare as the package those not have a return address..
refunded after sending alot of money to scammers, he told me to refer my case to the Nigerian senate House where he was also refunded with apology fee.
We report the results of a review of cases undertaken to determine the prevalence of abnormal liver function tests (LFTs) and liver disease in patients with 1°SS referred to a tertiary care center and the association of abnormal LFTs with other systemic features and autoimmunity markers of 1°SS.
Moore is not from Colorado -- his question is generic, not meant to refer specifically to the Lockheed Martin plant in question.
After the Flint rally comes a brief TV interview with Heston, where he is asked about Kayla Rolland (again, clear evidence that the local media in Flint raised questions about the NRA's presence), then an inteview with country prosecutor Arthur Busch, entirely ignored by critics of the film, who also mentions Heston's presence as notable, and refers to the immediate reactions of "people from all over America", gun owners/groups who, according to him, reacted aggressively to warnings of having guns accessible to children, much like spanking advocates react aggressively when anti-spankers point to a case of a child being killed or severely injured by a beating.
I propose here the theoretical construction and programming of a robot (hereafter referred to as Antie) that will be able to infiltrate a red harvester ant nest, switching between the foraging, patrolling and midden work behaviors.
For the purposes of calls later in the pseudocode, I will refer to these subroutines as trailFollow(), findFood(), and findMidden().
The graph in Example 2 will serve as a point of departure for the subsequent analysis; while we will periodically refer back to some of its specific elements, it should be understood that even when not explicitly referenced, this graph serves as the explanatory goal of this paper.
We both thought I referred to the vista.
Marshall (1989), after Bakan (1966), refers to the elements in this mixture as agency and communion.
Reciprocity refers to the connection between what people give to and what people take from their employment situations.
Fortunately, many prominent psychiatrists also believed that homosexuality was not an illness, and their lobbying, along with the innovative study performed by Hooker, who has been referred to as “the Rosa Parks of the gay movement” convinced the American Psychiatric Association Board of Trustees to vote to remove homosexuality from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual as a mental illness in December of 1973.
I refer you again to my weight.
I refer, of course, to the automatic monthly deposit of my entire salary, an arrangement which, I admit, has only been in place for eight years.
Constitution refers to the authors and the inventors, doesn't it? Th
might have made the balance, that delicate balance that this Court has referred to, in another way, but that is something that Congress, through its ability to gather facts and make balances, is quintessentially capable of doing, and that is where the Framers vested the responsibility, and what this statute does is to favor, if at all, the creator with respect to the utilization of these rights, as opposed to the person who wishes to copy the creator. Tha
My problem with carbon offsets and other voluntary measures is that given the finite amount of money, energy and attention we have to push for the environment, I feel like the opportunity cost of these measures is too high compared to policy-oriented actions, the citizen role that Gore referred.
What seems clear in my mind is that the translation is not in several final protocols, but a protocol by itself -- like XDR -- that other protocols refer to.
The keys `fig4a' and `fig4b' are implied (automatically generated); these implied keys act as aliases for `fig4', since they refer to the same physical object.
Now we have the following (id, label) pairs: (fig4, 4) (fig4a, (4 1)) (fig4b, (4 2)) where |4|, |(4 1)| and |(4 2)| refer to the same object (physical figure) in the document instance.
However, even without the intelligence to recognize two semantically equivalent instances of a subexpression, "variable substitution" or "folding" as Dave refers to it in his minutes is *really* useful for speech and I suspect it would be very useful for small visual displays.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
It refers to a woman who is dangerously attractive, and lures men to their downfall with her sexual attractiveness.
( Gailhaguet and Anissina are not referred to by name in an accompanying FBI agent's affidavit, but by their descriptions their identities are obvious.
( Gailhaguet and Anissina are not referred to by name in an accompanying FBI agent's affidavit, but by their descriptions their identities are obvious.
The second mobster expressed satisfaction with the outcome of the competition and suggested that Tokhtakhounov could call the ice dancer's "mother or the father and tell them everything will be OK" He appears to be referring to Anissina.
Vitruvius describes them, and also refers to a Tuscan order, which is a Roman invention.
Inigo Jones consciously based his work on the architecture of Palladio, but he did not think of himself as working in the Palladian “style,” any more than Palladio would have referred to the Classical “style.”
The authors, both architects, referred to “the Grecian and Roman style of building.”
A stilus was the sharp-pointed tool used to write on wax tablets and, by inference, stilus also referred to the way that something was written.
Bilbainos refer to the museum as the “artichoke,” which comes close to describing it, if you can imagine a gleaming, metallic artichoke more than two hundred feet high.
"I'm not familiar with Mr. Poe's works, but I assume you're referring to your unhealthy penchant for the fantastic."
When registering by phone please refer to your Priority Code: 90791
P.S. When registering by phone please refer to your Priority Code: 90791
When registering by phone please refer to your Priority Code: 90791
Erectile dysfunction, sometimes referred to as impotence, is the inability for a sexually active male to obtain and sustain an erection for sexual purposes.
In Ukrainian, for instance, the word bidni refers to an unfortunate, pitiable soul.
This calculated interest is the effective interest of the investment (referred to as "effective yield" in some literature).
As a result, it is now necessary to qualify the noun in order to specify which axle is being referred to, so that bekex kidmi means, tout court, front back-axle.
There are no dates, and few hard facts; movies are referred to as "some piece of crap," directors, as "some idiot."
Each StandardQuantitationType has an optional association to Channel and a designator indicating whether the value refers to the background or foreground.
The corrected values are referred to as residuals.
In American advertising, "feeling fresh" refers to ridding oneself of vaginal odor, a view expressed by a fashion model clad in white who has plucked every hair from her body and then painted in some artificial eyebrows and perhaps drawn a silhouette of Thomas Jefferson to replace her pubic hair.
The judge in the Espy aide case ignored the sentencing guideline recommendation of probation to hand down a 27-month sentence for lying, and while doing so, referred darkly to a "Hollywood" lawyer and others who have suggested that lying under oath in a civil case isn't a big deal.
Indeed, the phrase "increasing returns" appears just once in Cassidy's article and then merely to say that Arthur had used the term while others refer to network externalities.
Now that the probe has found evidence contradicting Bakaly's denial, Starr is referring his findings to the Justice Department.
Note, however, that "no effect" is also a relative term, and refers to an allele whose effect on disease outcome is close to the population average.
One is not referring here to the mentally disabled, who are already well represented.
In this guidance, the term data always refers to computer-processed data.
GAO will refer any person who wants a copy of a request letter to the Member who submitted it.
Application controls refers to the structure, policies, and procedures that apply to individual application systems, such as inventory or payroll.
I will refer to this homology relationship as bidirectional hits (BHs).
Eligible dyads that were potential study subjects were initially identified by hospice admission staff and referred to the Research Assistant (RA), a trained nursing data collector, at the beginning of each day.
That one group is referred to as dialects, and the other group as languages has more to do with national boundaries than any internal feature of the speech varieties themselves.
We may not know how to read or write the letters and symbols in Japanese, Chinese, Arabian, or other languages, but we do not have to when we refer to living things, because the generic name and specific name, in Latin, are the same all over the world.
The number of recursions is referred to as the number of "poles".
In Bleak House (Chapter XXVII) Grandfather Smallweed, referring to Mr. George, warns Mr. Tulkinghorn that “I have him periodically in a vice.
But in their physical papers, the authors do not refer to RSA or even to cardiorespiratory coordination which would obviously explain this kind of (linear) sign series regularity.
Quinta do Lago, a few miles down the coast, refers to the hotel of the same name, once owned by Prince Faisal of Saudi Arabia, and the luxury homes that have sprouted up around it.
Both the USAT front page "cover story" and an inside story at the Post refer to the newly poisoned atmosphere as "sexual McCarthyism."
' Since the testicles are producers of semen, they are often referred to in slang as seed .
Thomas may have talked about porn films, asked Hill out on patently unwelcome dates, bragged about his sexual prowess, and referred to pubic hairs on Coke cans, but Hill says that Thomas never flashed his genitals, touched her sexually, or propositioned her explicitly.
Buñuel--born Catholic, even if he opted out later--confused the Incarnation, in which the Holy Ghost caused Mary to conceive Jesus, and the Immaculate Conception, which refers to the fact (or belief, if you will) that Mary was born without original sin, although otherwise by the normal biological process.
Behind his back, however, irreverent junior faculty referred to him as the Green Dean .
In referring to an item in The New York Times in which youth is used to refer to a young woman, M&S write:
Barbacoa refers to a method of cooking meat, in a pit of hot wood coals.
The NYT notes that the $500-a-child tax credit that President Clinton fought so hard to get into the deal was the "crown jewel of the Republicans' 1994 Contract With America," and that in boasting yesterday about the bill's college subsidies, Republicans were referring to the same feature they "had derided a few months ago as a device for little more than tuition inflation."
The word altar is derived from the Latin word altare, a combination of altus, high, and ara, altar, referring to a raised structure for worship, one that goes upward toward the sky or heaven.
Reviewers of Titan have found it impossible to speak of Rockefeller without referring to the Microsoft Corp.'s Bill Gates, especially since the U.S.
"Push" refers to the way that information gets delivered.
The lexical match requires the speaker to refer to herself in the third person, while ingeniously seizing the opportunity--a further intertextuality--to hint at her Moscow-inspired sobriquet, the Iron Lady.
Upon arrival all animals were allowed ad libitum access to either a commercially available diet with high phytoestrogen levels (Harlan Teklad Rodent Diet 8604, Madison, WI, USA) containing 600 micrograms of phytoestrogens/gram of diet; referred to hereafter as the Phyto-600 diet, or a custom phytoestrogen-free diet; referred to hereafter as the Phyto-free diet, obtained from Ziegler Bros. (Gardner, PA, USA) and water.
Vasco Fernandes, more commonly referred to as Grão Vasco (the Great), founded the city’s school of painting in the 16th century.
Several of the citations referred to World War Two, and a euphemistic 1940 example of fuckfaced suggested that these terms were in use in the 1940s.
Moreover, I, for one, should like to know the source that pins down to California the expression so low he could sit on a cigarette paper and hand his feet over the edge: given no gloss, does this refer to low depressed, low degraded, or low abject?
The Meloidogyne L2 larvae, the infective stage where the worm is away from the host plant (also referred to as second-stage juvenile in the literature), is more accessible than the rest of the life cycle, and is an interesting stage biologically with the worm completing multiple steps required for survival.
Lo Mexicano referred to the Mexicanidad, the national character of the Mexican, which was mestizo (mixed-race) and not European.
"I'm working on my fourth language now," said Lopez, referring to his Russian classes at Woodburn High School.
The NYT describes an "ebullient" Gore and immediately points up the contrast with his 1988 presidential campaign when he skipped the caucuses, calling them "madness," and referred to "the small state of Iowa."
-- Motion Picture Association of America Chairman Jack Valenti refers either to his midnight break-ins at the Baldwin brothers compound or to his trip to China to promote American movies
The WP best communicates the scope of the ruling by eschewing in its lead sentence the generality of "sexual abuse" ( LAT ) and "sexual relations" ( USAT ) in favor of the concreteness of referring to students who are "sexually taunted, groped or harassed."
Referring to ...
The title of the book refers to the custom in New Mexico of feeding cattle cactus to keep them alive during droughts.
The practise of routinely changing catheters according to some defined time period to reduce the risk of CRI is commonly referred to as "scheduled" replacement [ 3 7 ] . There is little or no support from the literature for scheduled replacement, even though it continues to be a common clinical practice.
But, points out the Post , yesterday's statement was different--with it, Clinton is referring to an episode that occurred during his own administration.
Reviewers will need to refer in addition to the features of each special type of case study application for supplementary guidance on what to look for in individual case studies.
The WP describes Clinton's trip to China, continuing today with a community leaders' roundtable in Shanghai and an appearance on a radio call-in show(wonder how long the delay is), as an "experiment in diplomacy as personal performance," referring to the familiar campaign stump style Clinton used in two talks on Chinese national television.
First, he gets the Immaculate Conception wrong, which refers to the conception not of Jesus but of his mother, Mary--it's the Virgin Mary's mother, St. Anne, whose hymen is invisibly pierced by the Holy Ghost.
Two words, dew and shower , refer in the context to the presence of water; the rest are in contexts indicating its absence.
"It is terrible that something so frightening should be given the name of something so pure and beautiful," says Luz Marlene Sierra Mayorga, a Bogotá engineer, referring to "miraculous fishing"--which is what?
Later, Representative Jenkins referred to a profit-making business , which sounds harsher than if he had chosen to say profit-making enterprise . But “proceed-producing enterprise” would have sounded even more innocuous.
The complexity in the regulation of mitotic exit is underscored by the existence of a set of genes essential for this process, referred to as the "mitotic exit network (MEN)".
I presume this statement refers to a critical piece I wrote in 1996 about the direction that economic research, principally macroeconomic research, has taken over the past two decades.
Alternative names for the EPKs were retrieved from LocusLink [ 54], and OMIM [ 56] records referred to from GenBank records that had been associated with the EPK collection.
Five were conducted with members of a community with high infant mortality and poverty indices, and low incidence of adequate prenatal care [ 4 ] (hereafter referred to as community focus groups).
Hereafter these are referred to as `blood-derived mesenchymal precursor cells' (BMPCs).
--Karen Jurgensen, editor of USA Today , refers either to the previous joke, or to the difference between news and ads.
--Geologist Craig Feible refers either to the NYPD or to the extraordinary skill of ancient stone toolmakers revealed at a newly discovered site in Kenya.
Clinton's critics have turned up the rhetoric, even referring to him as a "rapist"--while Starr's critics are accusing him of being party to a witness-tampering scheme.
We should be particularly careful not to refer clients elsewhere merely because their issues or situations are unpopular.
Black , used by Americans, refers to Negroes; but (colonial) Britons have used it to refer to any dark-skinned people, particularly southeast Asians.
My closing comment referred to current research that attempts to show that homosexuality is gene-related, which I termed “fatalistic” because it would appear to relieve any individual of responsibility for his actions: as we learn from frequent press reports, defense attorneys are seeking exoneration for their clients on the grounds that although they committed the crime in question, it was circumstances--abuse when they were children is quite popular--that were responsible for their actions, and they should be let off.
Whereas it is easy to explain this by referring to the cultural importance of food in African societies, the same reasoning can hardly be applied to the case of English, which has its own fair share of food images.
Alternative rock , which grew out of punk, refers to any band that was nurtured by the underground infrastructure (indie labels, college radio stations, new-music clubs).
It is not always easy to ascertain whether the underlying metaphor in such expressions is the bow and arrow or the gun and cannon (see Peter A. Douglas's “The Bows' Stratagem,” VERBATIM VI,3), but we can be fairly certain that the wad in shooting one's wad refers to the wad that held the powder and shot in position to be fired from early guns and that the pot in potshot signifies the dinner pot to be filled with an animal that was shot close up without any regard for rules.
Administrative approvals, on the other hand, refer to the approval function of various aspects of a transaction except for payment authorization.
If the waiter asks whether you want gas or no gas, he's referring not to the beans but to the water, which comes with or without bubbles.
What the world now knows as the Peninsular War (1808– 1814) is in fact referred to in Spain as the War of Independence.
This domain is predicted to adopt an α-helical fold and is according referred to as CHAD (CHAD: c onserved h istidine α -helical d omain; Fig.
Later bubo came to refer almost exclusively to the inguinal swelling of venereal disease, along the way being corrupted to “blue balls” as in the colorful epithet, blue-balled bastard.
If we say “the Chinese language” we refer, of course, to the written language.
Would it be OK to follow this trend and refer to NOW as NO or OW?
It is probably the language that has borne much of the burden in that development: the first citation for acronym in the OED , 1943, quotes American Notes and Queries , which refers to earlier, unidentified usage of the term.
I have never known of the word being used in this way except when referring to a member of a team fielded by Key West High School (the Key West Conchs).
The Baldwin matriarch, Carol, sometimes refers to herself in interviews as Rose.
Although it is not documented in any dictionary that I checked, this usage is familiar to me as referring to the modest comments that publishers like Alfred A. Knopf once included on the last page of their books, for example (actually from a Random House title):
The authors, both architects, referred to “the Grecian and Roman style of building.”
Farmworker Legal Services of New York reports that it has not successfully referred an H-2A case to private counsel in fifteen years unless the LSC recipient remained actively involved.
 , etc.) all seemed quite satisfactory and have been used by Negroes to refer to themselves.
His advisers call this their "rope-a-dope" strategy, referring to the boxing tactic of shielding your head with your gloves and making your opponent exhaust himself by uselessly pummeling you against the ropes.
(We had to abandon our customary style of referring to characters by setting them in italics because the characters are indistinguishable.)
Lite/Light , when applied to a food, may refer to the product's taste, color, or texture rather than to the number of calories or the amount of fat, salt, sugar, or cholesterol it contains.
Bell may have been one of the more sparkling of the New York intellectuals in his heyday; and he was also, of course, a writer for Henry Luce's Fortune in the '50s (and has even retained some Time-ese tics, such as referring to Plato in a footnote as "the famed Greek philosopher").
Referring to the president's promise of $30 million to help bring the guilty to trial, the king said that this might help salve Clinton's conscience but that "my people need, and deserve, more than this if they are to rebuild their lives, which would not have been shattered had he acted sooner."
Where V = volume in billions of pieces, b = basic (referring to the non-workshared category of First-Class Mail), ws = workshare, P = price, and D = discount.
While the first success factor refers to legitimacy at a strategic planning level, this success factor addresses a more operational level.
The present study was designed to analyze further the level of clonal diversity in rheumatoid arthritis B cells by using the length of the third complementarity determining region (CDR3) of the rearranged heavy (H) chain variable region (V) gene as a marker (herein referred to as HCDR3).
A survey of primary care physicians showed that only 62% refer anti-HCV positive patients with abnormal transaminase levels to sub-specialists [ 17 ] .
Since cohort members were selected to be between the ages of 18-40 years, the period of fish consumption duration typically referred to lifetime consumption for most cohort members consistent with the persistent bioaccumulation of PCBs in aquatic ecosystems.
The paper refers readers to an Internet site that automatically creates an impenetrable "post-modern" essay each time a user logs on.
2. The "chief of staff": Not only did Glenshaw identify himself to Franklin Foer as the chief of staff, but others confirmed Glenshaw often refers to himself that way.
The auditor should refer to agency-specific requirements for more information.
In an essay in the New York Times , Edward Rothstein refers to the "enchantment of fascism" being "undone" by "other spells, some recalling the innocence of childhood"--and, indeed, Benigni's routines are sometimes childishly liberating, conjuring up Fo, Harpo Marx, and Danny Kaye in his double-talk mode.
Certain court forms refer the poor to legal aid.
"I once heard a comedian refer jokingly to the Jewish Mafia," he writes.
She refers to herself as a "diva."
Harry Shearer refers to Mike Deavers as the éminence cerise of the convention "Diary."
Carl refers to me as younger brother, but I say that I am his older brother; Edwin calls me an older brother; but I insist that I am his younger brother, a three-way disagreement.
I refer to your quip about it being the '60s, and how could you be expected to remember anything ? Prudie's first thought was to suggest that you tell the proverbial "little white lie" to make the subject go away.
The word "women" does not appear at all until Wilson's first inaugural, and it always appears as part of the phrase "men and women," never as referring to any special concerns of women.
A similar circumstance accounts for the strange name of Via Santo Stefano del Cacco , which refers to a statue of an animal-headed Egyptian deity discovered in the remains of the nearby Temple of Isis.
Rebekah's virginity was never in question and she was referred to as ` almah , not betulah . Therefore, Mr. Orbaum is incorrect when he says that the Hebrew betulah “would have been used in the original had the young woman been a virgin.”
The words Jane, Italy , and February are three examples of what we usually refer to as proper nouns--those individual nouns that refer primarily to people, places, and time periods and that are generally written with an initial capital letter,
In one of his novels he mentioned “certain heavily-frilled cotton investitures of the lower limbs” and elsewhere referred to “the bloomer arrangement in the nether latitude.”
In addition, there is nothing that identifies the support staff and the White House Fellow, referred to as the group support staff, assigned to provide support to the NEPDG.
An ATF officer told the Times that the survey did not take enough into account, like understaffing or the number of cases referred to state officials.
True, one can find different from , etc., in an entry so headed, but for absolute constructions one is referred to an entry called “Covered with onions, relish, and ketchup, I ate a hotdog at the ball-park.”
How many reporters do you know who routinely refer to themselves in the third person?
Their rarity is attributable to what linguists refer to as the economy of language , which is akin to the physical law stating that two objects cannot occupy the same space at the same time.
Eukaryotes derived from different prokaryotes are referred to herein as K A (from AK), K B-o (from BK-o), and K B-m (from BK-m).
The WP coverage refers to the substance as a "Vietnam-era" weapon and states that the U.S. military discontinued its use a quarter century ago.
So referring to the USSR as “Russia” is a mistake on the order of calling the United Kingdom or Great Britain “England.”
Dolloff said that because the center will be just up the street from the court, it will be easy for Probate Court staff to refer people to it.
The first group of 8 schools (N = 656) will be referred to as Group 1; the second group of 8 schools (N = 471) will be referred to as Group 2, and the group of 12 schools (N = 1120) will be referred to as Group 3.
Aficionados of duende who enjoyed George Bria's exegesis, (“Duende: Gypsy Soul and Something More” [XV, 1], of its “magical quality,” should refer to the works of George Frazier, another of its champions.
(For a thorough account of the anti-abortion movement's turn to the right and the new militancy of organizations such as Operation Rescue, readers can refer to the recently published Wrath of Angels: The American Abortion War , by journalists James Risen and Judy Thomas.)
(In informal conversation, lama is used to refer to any Tibetan Buddhist monk.)
West has an unfortunate tendency to refer to his utterances as "prophetic"--a judgment best left to others.
A region in the cytoplasmic loop between repeats I and II of the α 1 subunit, referred to as the AID [ 6], binds tightly with a 30 amino acid region on the β 1 subunit, referred to as the BID [ 7].
No insult appears to have been intended, even though the message referred to England as “the lonely remoteness of your island, cut off from the world by intervening wastes of sea.”
This is a limitation of the microarray technology that should be considered when referring to a particular locus as divergent.
Our comparisons of Releases 2 and 3 identified 424 additional insertions or deletions greater than 20 bp, which we refer to as 'undeclared' sequence gaps (Table 2, Figure 1).
The LAT refers to "sources close to either side of the investigation."
Several Arab commentators referred to the repression of the student protests as "Iran's Tiananmen Square," and the Pan-Arab daily al-Quds al-Arabi said Monday in an editorial that the uprising was reminiscent of the student revolt in Indonesia that led to the overthrow of the Suharto regime.
The NYT refrains from characterizing the dress, while the WP valiantly euphemizes, referring to possible matter on the dress as "DNA material," "biological material," and "scientific evidence."
The plot was now referred to within al Qaeda as the "planes operation."
It can also refer to a more idle, juvenile form of daydreaming--to the heated but generic longing a pop star evokes, for instance, when he wails, "I want you."
In response, Sprint PCS canceled his service and referred his case to a collection agency, which is threatening his credit rating.
Otherwise the BBC would undoubtedly refer to it as the Children's Newspaper children's newspaper.
But it is patently ridiculous to refer to someone whose sex is known as a chairperson . Chair should be reserved for the office of the chairperson, not the person holding the office.
We don't wish to seem like what our colleague David Plotz refers to as "Turnout Bores," but it really is a pity if you missed the chance to exercise that precious gift of democracy, your right to vote, Tuesday.
Reference librarians who regularly contribute to the Stumpers list on the Internet refer to themselves as wombats.
8. Coffin nail is a later allusion to `cigarette': in its earlier metaphoric life it referred to anything that might serve to drive one to an early grave; indeed, some early Western saloons sold tokens bearing the words “coffin nail” stamped on them which were good for a shot of redeye.
Taking page 17 again, I was reminded that Giles is rather given to semi-serious poetic diction at times, and we find him referring to the presence of water in the Finke River as “the stream purling over its stony floor” or, quoting some bygone poet, “brightly the brook through the green leaflets, giddy with joyousness, dances along.”
We don't know what the triumvirate that's in power now, Khrushchev, Bulganin--I continue to refer to it as a triumvirate though they executed Beria a week ago, good riddance.
The Times also names Uganda and Malaysia, but refers only to a several-hours evacuation at the Swaziland embassy in response to a bomb threat.
The captions of such photographs often refer to this as a bungee launch . While this does not help with the question of the source of the word, it goes further to indicate that bungee did not originate with the current fad.
Surprisingly, letters found by prosecutors use codes a child could crack -- bin Laden is referred to as "Mr.
Quetzal is a Nahuatl word referring to a bird found in Central America, and coatl means “snake,” so Quetzalcoatl means a “feathered serpent,” and this god is often called the Plumed Serpent.
The Post reports that in a closed-door Republican House meeting, Newt Gingrich referred to Burton's investigation of President Clinton as a "circus."
Patients were referred to other professionals for evaluation and treatment when necessary.
We might refer to this layered set of possibilities as the spectrum of equality.
In the spring of 1994, British toothpaste commercials referred to plaque as plock; six months later, they referred to it as plack.
Nashville has its own failed attempt at a symbolic structure: None of you referred to the life-size model of the Parthenon located in Centennial Park (or to the life-size model of a Jew, so beloved by school children, in the city's Natural History Museum.
I was on a recent talk show, where the host referred to speakers of Black English as illiterate thugs.
I quickly put out an open letter to Mahathir warning that the controls should not be abused, used as a cover for ; but I know from friends in Washington that people started referring to the "Krugman-Mahathir strategy" of recovery via capital controls.
We provided an opportunity for 28 federal departments, agencies, and entities (subsequently referred to as agencies), including all of the agencies with presidentially appointed chief financial officers and the President's Council on Integrity and Efficiency, to comment on a draft of the protocols.
epi-acronyms for the cranial nerves--the ancient “ O n O ld O lympus' T owering T op A F inn A nd G erman V iewed S ome H ops” (Olfactory, Optic, Oculomotor, Trochlear, Trigeminal, Abducens, Facial, Glossopharyngeal, Vagus, Spinal accessory, Hypoglossal), and the more popular “ O h O h O h T o T ouch A nd F eel A G irl's V agina-- AH !” [Having passed anatomy, practising physicians usually refer to these nerves as I-XII.
.."), and minor irritants like referring to Spielberg's assistant by her first name.
Investment in research and development" refers to those expenses incurred to support the search for new or refined knowledge and ideas and for the application or use of such knowledge and ideas for the development of new or improved products and processes with the expectation of maintaining or increasing national economic productive capacity or yielding other future benefits.
Rhode Islanders, except lawyers, refer to the County by its nickname South County.
Initial results showed that CAR is an apparently constitutive transactivator able to activate gene expression in the absence of exogenously added ligands [ 8 9 ] . The first CAR ligands identified, androstanol and androstenol, are inverse agonists that block this constitutive transactivation [ 10 ] . More recently, it has been found that CAR mediates the characteristic response of a subset of drug metabolizing enzymes to a variety of structurally unrelated foreign compounds [ 11 ] . These xenobiotic activators are referred to as "phenobarbital (PB) - like," based on the prototypic effects of the anti-epileptic agent on drug metabolism [ 12 13 14 ] . The most potent activator of murine CAR is the high affinity agonist ligand TCPOBOP (1,4-bis [2-(3,5-dichloropyridyloxy)]benzene) [ 15 16 ] .
With more of a focus on comparative proteomics, the resource is being expanded in an effort we refer to as the Encyclopedia of Life (EOL).
Valid regulations implementing the statute required funding recipients to refer pregnant clients "for appropriate prenatal . . . services by furnishing a list of available providers that promote the welfare of mother and unborn child," but forbade them to refer a pregnant woman specifically to an abortion provider, even upon request.
These values refer to the free water concentration in the liver (see [ 5 ] for details).
Thymocyte development occurs within a complex network of cells, extracellular matrix, and secreted factors referred to as the thymic microenvironment [ 1 ] . Current evidence suggests that this microenvironment is created during fetal thymus organogenesis through stage-dependent interactions between differentiating thymic epithelial cells (TECs) and developing thymocytes [ 2 3 4 5 6 ] . Therefore, blocks at different stages of thymocyte development result in differential effects on TEC differentiation and function.
Harris constantly refers to the donors as his "girls" and describes them like cattle--"We have a legitimate bid of $42,000 on one of the girls."
We refer to these genomic segments (technically high-scoring segment pairs [ 18]) as 'exons', although the alignment evidence awaits future biological confirmation.
2) That chair is used metonymically in the same way as the Crown and the Oval Office is true, but to refer to the office, not to the person occupying it.
A region in the cytoplasmic loop between repeats I and II of the α 1 subunit, referred to as the AID [ 6], binds tightly with a 30 amino acid region on the β 1 subunit, referred to as the BID [ 7].
People magazine had just referred to Winona Ryder in passing as "the groovy gamine."
FUNG+FISH refers to the combination of fungal and fish oils fed together
In November he started his Big Self-Portrait . Three years later, an Artforum interview referred to Close by his nickname, "Chuck"--which an assistant had scrawled on some photographs for the piece--and the name stuck as his professional moniker.
Henceforth, this column will refer to the show as This Week until either Donaldson or Roberts wins top billing.
If a valuation account is deducted from the related asset or liability it is sometimes referred to as a contra-asset or contra-liability account.
Not too long ago, "respectable" outlets like the NYT steadfastly ignored cyber writers, even as they were openly referring to tabloids as sources for front-page stories.
The "liver" flow is the hepatic blood flow; "portal" refers to the portal vein blood flow and to the organs drained by the portal vein (stomach, small and large intestine, spleen and pancreas); "bone" refers to the inert component of bone, cartilage etc. in which it is assumed there is no solute distribution or blood flow; and "other" are all the other organs with a flow and weight adjusted to account for the total body weight (70 Kg) and the total default cardiac output (6.
The specialty of medicine which deals with providing, supervising, and coordinating the continuing general medical care of patients of all ages, primarily in family groups.
' Phlegm eventually came to refer to mucus (1662) and to be hawked (1604) from the sinuses or lungs of people with respiratory tract irritation or infection.
(Oddly enough, he neglects to mention Sun Ra's apparent homosexuality, to which jazz aficionados refer as if it were common knowledge.)
Ford, who still considers himself a member, refers frequently to his own body as his "vehicle."
Times on July 6, which referred to "98 percent of all jobs since 1989 being created by businesses with fewer than four employees."
After the 1940s, groovy went dormant for a time; reference books begin to refer to it as "archaic" or "obsolete."
He also refers to Mozart's first love, Aloyisia Weber, Constanze's older sister, as Aloysius, creating a sexual ambiguity that even Peter Sellars did not dare hint at in Amadeus . Aloysius was the name of Sebastian Flyte's teddy bear in Brideshead Revisited , but not the given name of Mozart's first love.
Each side claims (in so many words) that its opponents "just don't get it," where "it" refers to the correct definitions of virtue and villainy.
The heart of Zihuatanejo is the waterfront boardwalk, Paseo del Pescador, also referred to as the malecón.
It's only when the reader digs out the Sunday article that he learns the headline referred to Saddam's death as a Gulf War "goal."
If only he'd had the correct word, this uncomfortable event could have been referred to as a tewer , a Midlands term for alleyway.
His efforts to insinuate himself were so relentless that Cary Reich, the author of this sprawling new biography (and of an earlier biography of the financier André Meyer), refers to his subject as a "patrician Sammy Glick" (though he never reaches the heights of heeldom demonstrated by the hero of Budd Schulberg's novel about pre-war Hollywood back-stabbing).
Austen is referring to Anne Radcliffe’s The Mysteries of Udolpho, one of the most popular Gothic romances of the day, whose setting is a mysterious castle in the Apennines.
The technical details are outlined in [ 3 ] . The statistic calculated in this way will be referred to as SAM.
What is he referring to?
I've been remarried for six years to my present husband, and he insists that my daughter should refer to him as either "Dad" or "Mr.
He reproached the much beloved garden at Dumbarton Oaks for its limited plant palate, especially what he referred to as the "forsythia mess"--a hillside covered in the yellow, early spring flowering shrub that others consider a bold sweep of color.
Buy a newspaper from the global selection at Out of Town News in the center of the square itself (the name also refers to all the surrounding streets), and settle down at Au Bon Pain café.
However, KHCs are now recognized as a subfamily of the kinesin superfamily and all members of the superfamily are referred to as kinesins.
There was only one slip-up last week, when Rubin referred to them as "our position."
It is hard to imagine anyone, regardless of sex, enjoying being referred to as a Johnny-come-lately . The self-styled humorists could have a field day with this one, too, suggesting “She's a Jacquelyn of all trades” or the sexless Robin Crusoe . I looked up in the dictionary section a few of the allusions that cannot really be paraphrased.
The tk mutagenesis assay was performed in MRC5 and Vero cells as described previously [ 10 21 ] . The proportion of resistant virus referred to as mutation frequency or error frequency throughout this study was calculated as follows: (titer in the presence of drug) / (titer in the absence of drug) × 100.
This phenomenon, commonly referred to as the French paradox, may be associated with high consumption of red wine [ 7, 8].
Team , now also a sports word, is rooted in tow , and originally referred to the set of horses used to draw a vehicle.
And one is certain that Kenneth Rexroth, in his American Poetry in the Twentieth Century (Herder and Herder, N.Y., 1971) did not intend to hint at closet biographical matter when, in Chapter I, he wrote that “Whitman's poems are full of men doing things together,” or, later in the same chapter, when he referred to “Whitman's joyous workmen swinging their tools in the open air.”
The column labels refer to different patients, and the rows correspond to genes.
The expression "first pass metabolism" (FPM) refers to the metabolism that an ingested compound undergoes in its passage through the gut and liver before reaching the systemic circulation.
The Los Angeles Times refers to the man as "Diana's angry brother."
Agency policy must affix accountability for recording the T&A data referred to in the previous section.
Moreover, as discussed in our Medicare Program Major Rule Report referred to above, the mere existence of the April 1 statutory deadline established by the IIRIRA, which was enacted September 30, 1996, did not provide a basis for failing to comply with the 60-day delay provision.
Herein, the min ADI (A,B,C,D) will simply be referred to as min ADI.
Paths produced using these interaction maps are henceforth referred to as "random pathways").
The word colophon has undergone several metamorphoses since its earliest appearance in the 17th century: it originally referred to the inscription at the end of a book identifying its basic bibliographic information, that is, title, author, subject, publisher, date and place of publication, in other words, the information today found on the title page.
The whole Southwest is referred to as Pocholandia.
All children who attend the camp are referred by social workers, doctors, teachers, counselors, and other professionals.
In other cases, the appeal is to something specifically American or peculiarly British, as in the ad that referred to a popular brand of matches as The Light Brigade and to its price as The Charge.
This referred to a decision by some British supermarket chains to ban French produce.
It can also accommodate overdominance of the resistant alleles ( a > 1; b > d ; c > d ), in which each heterozygote does better than either corresponding homozygote, and underdominance, in which each heterozygote does worse than either corresponding homozygote ( a < 1; b < 1; c < d ). In this model, susceptibility and resistance are relative and simply refer respectively to lower and higher probabilities of favorable disease course, given infection.
A stilus was the sharp-pointed tool used to write on wax tablets and, by inference, stilus also referred to the way that something was written.
Elsewhere, Ross refers to her lover's "very powerful masculinity," only to note on the very next page that "if he suffered a paper cut on a finger and saw blood, he would come into my office, looking pale."
Long Rope Day refers to the old Brighton or Hastings custom of skipping for luck on Good Friday.
Interdicted are burly “too often associated with large black men” (large, yes; black, no), fried chicken “often used to refer to the cuisine of black people” (something that customers of Colonel Sanders might well dispute), gyp “because it insults gypsies” (only for those who are aware of the etymological nuances of the language), go Dutch insults “citizens of the Netherlands” (what utter balderdash !), Ugh!
Referring people to other organizations that can help them is a crucial service that most legal aid programs provide.
For simplicity, an AD value is hereafter referred to as the expression value of a gene.
-- lawyer William Gaylord refers either to the ad campaign for The Mod Squad that lured hundreds of Americans to theaters, or to Philip Morris, which was just ordered by an Oregon jury to pay $81 million to the family of a dead Marlboro smoker
The censors of the moment would have us refer to Mr. Perry as (to use examples from OBITER DICTA) a “non-slim African American adult male.”
"Brother-in-law" is ambiguous; it could refer to my wife's brother.
Other common words for prison are bote, meaning “can,” and corre, which is short for “correctional institution,” referring specifically to one in Texas.
Hence today's newspaper deconstruction: "referred incompletely to the source" means "referred to the source, without mentioning that it was the source."
A WP front-pager by media reporter Howard Kurtz suggests that the story of the woman who died shortly after being told that her insurance company would only cover a bone marrow transplant if she had it in Chicago and not in Hawaii where she was--a managed-care horror story that has been referred to by both Bill and Hillary Clinton in recent weeks and has also been quoted by major media from ABC to Time--is of a piece with Ronald Reagan's Cadillac-driving "welfare queen."
Rather, I would define the crime as intimidating citizens from exercising their civil rights--which refers to behavior rather than thought or emotion--and require evidence of intent and premeditation.
The phrase refers to a bodily overhaul so extensive as to render obsolete all superficial indications of age or identity.
Referring to the review of Reception and Response [BIBLIOGRAPHIA, XVIII, 4], I note the Editor's problem of understanding what is in the minds of some who phone to radio call-in shows.
The biggest concessions to make the presentation more palatable for the general reader is the elimination of footnote references within the text: even superior numbers do not appear in the text, and those who demand footnotes must refer to a brief Appendix where they are arranged, chapter by chapter, with clear page references.
The "help" refers to the $1.35 million in collateral President Clinton's chief fund-raiser, Terry McAuliffe, put up to secure the house loan.
If any Member is interested in becoming a co-requester of GAO work, GAO will explain its policy on co-requests and refer the Member to the original requester.
When I was in high school some of my friends took delight in referring to me as an athletic supporter.
I refer, for example, to something along the following lines: “Although the economy is in extremely poor shape, my company has been reporting excellent financial results.”
She clearly loathes D'Amato, and she makes a point of never referring to him by name.
The orange color refers to the number of changes at one of the two positions, while the pink color refers to the number of mutual changes (or covariations) that has occurred on that branch of the tree (H-2B.
Crews of those smaller vessels referred to the Dixie as a gedunk ship, because she had a refreshment stand where they might obtain delicacies like chocolate sundaes or gedunks . I never heard of pudding as a gedunk . And the gedunk stand on the Dixie was forward, not aft.
Corot is often referred to as a pioneer of plein-air painting, but as the Brooklyn show, called "In the Light of Italy: Corot and Early Open-Air Painting," makes clear, the practice of making outdoor sketches in oil was well-established by the time of his first Italian campaign in 1826.
Hence today's newspaper deconstruction: "referred incompletely to the source" means "referred to the source, without mentioning that it was the source."
We used the HTR information in the Extent of Disease (EOD-10) field [ 23 ] to determine the American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC) TNM stage [ 2 ] , where T represents the primary tumor size, N refers to lymph node involvement, and M refers to presence of metastases.
Nine years after the collapse of the Soviet empire, the genre is now referred to primarily in vodka ads, as stock imagery of a comfortably camp sort.
Equations (15) and (16) are the more traditional constant elasticity equations and will be referred to as the eXe (pronounced e-cross-e) model or the eXe equations.
Where appropriate, LSC grantees refer low-income persons to organizations that can help the clients with their problems - either to alternate sources of legal assistance or to other sources of assistance, such as charitable organizations and social services agencies.
Women are referred to institutionally as the Relief Society , after the name of their auxiliary organization (founded by Joseph Smith's wife, Emma, it claims to be America's oldest women's organization).
General Accounting Office's (GAO) work at federal departments, agencies, and entities (subsequently referred to in this document as agencies).
One published dictionary of caló, by Jay Rosensweig, presents caló in a rather harsh manner, referring to it as gutter Spanish, which prompted a reader to take the privilege of writing a comment on the title page of the book.
It is much better to refer to the proceeds of a raffle rather than the profits.
And if the editors are ever tempted to take themselves too seriously, they can always refer to Lisa Carver's hilarious essay on the differences between "sensualists" and "sexualists"--those who like talking about it and those who like doing it.
Size fractionation of total cell lysates prior to immunoprecipitation revealed co-elution of Pip1p with Pop1p, Pop2p, Pcu1p, and Psh1p in a high molecular weight complex of approximately 500 kDa, which we refer to as SCF Pop1p-Pop2p(Fig.
It referred more to the sense of swing derived from the rhythmic variation in their playing of eighth notes.
The editing has been rather careless, though, as the opening line of HOW TO USE THIS DICTIONARY bears witness in referring to itself at The Penguin Dictionary of ...
In the first model (referred to as "simple") the solute distributes with flow-limited kinetics in all the body water and there is no solute binding.
We have referred to the limits of resolution in time series analysis.
Clearly Gore was referring to a proposal to expand EITC.
Solace is offered: story after story on how to supply your garden with what is ubiquitously referred to as "winter interest."
The LAT notes, referring to the Starr office's response, that when this statement was paraphrased in the report the modifier "explicitly" was added.
Riffing off a recent New Yorker article, which reported that Clinton administration officials refer to her as the "Martian," Shribman said now she's the administration's "favorite Martian."
by referring to the goings-on at a chicken-processing plant as a "gang pluck."
However, according to the Post , some documents refer to 12-year-olds.
The word "Enough," splashed across the front page of the Algerian government newspaper El Moudjahid , referred not, as one might have expected, to the continuing massacres by Islamic extremists, which are reported to have claimed at least 600 dead since the holy month of Ramadan began Dec. 30, but to the agitation the killings have provoked in western Europe and the United States.
[ 1 ] The practitioner who uses hypnotherapy should keep in mind that sometimes patients are referred for hypnotherapy with an organic condition for which hypnosis is not an appropriate therapy.
Extensive experimentation has defined conditions for the isolation, propagation, and differentiation in vitro and in vivo of the stromal cells referred to as MSCs.
For Rostenkowski, who is referred to only as "the Illinois Democrat who headed the Ways and Means Committee in 1990," being treated by the Times as an authority on politics, rather than as a news story himself, marks a giant step.
Nominated for the Booker Prize in England, Desai's novel of a small-town family in India is deemed "splendid" (Gabriella Stern, the Wall Street Journal ). The two parts of the title refer to the internal structure of the book, the first half following the life of the family's plain and somewhat dim older daughter, who after failing to marry is consigned to the life of a glorified house servant.
Consistency refers to the need to obtain and use data that are clear and well-defined enough to yield similar results in similar analyses.
The suitability for such treatment varies: bosun's chair is listed simply because it is a chair; cap is listed presumably because it is thought to refer to an item of apparel.
These are what is sometimes referred to as black memorabilia--including Aunt Jemima cookie jars, windup minstrel dancers, Amos and Andy faces, and the like--what another avid collector, Whoopi Goldberg, refers to as "Negrobilia."
"Let's go over there and get Tiger's divot," I heard a fan say one day, referring to the tiny chunk of grass and dirt that Woods had scraped from the fairway on one of his shots.
We henceforth refer to this OR as 'OR for clustering'.
Eutrophication refers to the increase in the rate of supply of organic matter to an ecosystem and its many undesirable consequences.
But the WSJ 's evidence seems largely anecdotal, and the paper refers to "an important minority of individuals" who are jumping ship.
often refer to these initiatives as state planning's companion initiatives, and these initiatives - competition, the quality initiative, the diversity initiative, technology initiative grants, the matters initiative, our efforts to enhance services for self-represented litigants, the Legal Resource Library, to name just a few - have become as important to the creation of a world-class delivery system as state planning has proved itself to be.
Even in his last days in the hospital, he took a liking to a Ukrainian-born doctor and used to refer to him as "Suvorov," after the Russian general written of glowingly in War and Peace-- which still sits on the table next to his reading chair, with his notes on little pieces of paper in it.
Data were collected at the level of the transcript, but for ease in the text, the data are referred to by gene.
-- Phil Jackson , the new Los Angeles Lakers coach, refers either to the stoning of Michael Eisner at halftime during the NBA finals or to Michael Jordan coming out of retirement yet again.
133) can be defined as `language mixture' since it merely refers to a multilingual person.
The Times refers to an official Iraqi dispatch stating that Saddam is not seeking a confrontation with the U.S.
The LAT communicates the dimmest view of what's behind this, referring to "once-bright hopes" for the summit, and saying there are "ominous signs that things were not going as well as the U.S. mediators implied."
These charges, accrued before the OPO assumes financial responsibility, may be unknowingly referred to donor families, essentially penalizing them for the altruistic act of organ donation.
Human prostate carcinoma cells, LNCaP (ATCC, Rockville, MD), were maintained and propagated in T25 flasks in RPMI 1640 media (GIBCO-BRL, Gaithersburg, MD) supplemented with 10% FCS (Gemini Bio-Products, Calabasas, CA), 2 mM glutamine, Fungizone (1 μg/ml) and penicillin (200 unit/ml)/ streptomycin (200 μg/ml) (referred as complete medium) in a 37°C humidified 5% CO 2 incubator.
"It is terrible that something so frightening should be given the name of something so pure and beautiful," says Luz Marlene Sierra Mayorga, a Bogotá engineer, referring to "miraculous fishing"--which is what?
(The best Chatterbox can do is refer you to the quotations in the Post and Times stories, which were based on the reporters' own transcriptions.)
Second strand synthesis and incorporation of the T7 promoter sequence was carried out as follows: the 20 μL tailing reaction product was mixed with 0.6 μL of 25 μM T7-A 18 B primer (5'-GCATTAGCGGCCGCGAAATTAATACGACTCACTATAGGGAG(A) 18 [B], where B refers to C, G or T), 5 μL 10X EcoPol buffer (100 mM Tris-HCl pH 7.5, 50 mM MgCl 2 , 75 mM dTT), 2 μL 5.0 mM dNTPs, and 20.
He did not blunder by confusing the Balkans with the Baltics, referring to the ruler of Korea as "Kim somebody," or identifying the EITC as a baseball statistic.
He"ll be asking all the lawyers who refer penniless clients to him, to set up a fee schedule like his, so he can refer his overflow to them.
We referred to these mutants as
In Chile, gasfiter has been adopted and is used to mean `plumber'; a `watchman' is wachiman or guachiman ; and I was temporarily baffled by a headline referring to an event taking place at the Guay , which turned out to be nothing more than the `Y[MCA]'!
Q: Just this week, George W. Bush's fellow presidential candidate Donald Trump referred to "the hardest thing I've ever done."
statement then referred the reader to a 73-page reference guide that provided definitions, recommended guidelines and procedures, explanatory discussions, and self-assessment questionnaires designed to assist business units in understanding the need for the policies and how they could be implemented.
I hate to refer to my own work, but an article I wrote in the New York Times Magazine last year focused on this very subject: John Gotti's fatal flaw--as a mobster and as a father--was that he had his son follow him into the business.
There are many drinks in this category, as one might expect, since so many of the euphemisms for drunk (smashed, bombed , etc.) etc.) also refer to destruction:
What the world knows as the Peninsular War (1808–1814) is referred to in Spain as the War of Independence, and the country’s first, though short-lived, constitution was drafted during this period.
The sequences used in this study can be accessed through the NCBI website at http://www.ncbi.nih.gov, the Fugu rubripes website at http://genome.jgi-psf.org/fugu6/fugu6.home.html [ 47 ] and the FlyBase Consortium website at http://flybase.org/ [ 48 ] . The Fugu scaffold identities presented here refer to assembly v.3.
Referring to Turkey's longstanding application for membership in the European Union, Birand said, "A special fund needs to be established to get the Turkish economy up and running, not under the leadership of the United States but this time with a campaign led by the EU.
Elves or leprechauns that Anthony John Campos refers to as little people, pichilingis are goblins who perform mischievous pranks.
In this study, Latin ethnicity means largely of European ancestry, while native ethnicity refers to those of indigenous origin.
The article was referring to GAO's April 1999 report on wildfires.
Prudie might point out that the group to which you refer is also not immediate family.
But even as I was saying, "Help, save me from the dinosaur," I was simultaneously thinking: How am I going to wrap up that column today, the kicker I have stinks; should I roast a chicken for dinner or not because it's not worth it unless I go get the good chicken and that's at a butcher store 20 minutes away, and if waste 40 minutes going to a butcher store, how many of those red shelves will I be able to paint today; did I forget to give Zoe that permission slip she needed this morning; is my skin starting to look old; do I hear the dog throwing up a sock in the kitchen; maybe I should just end the piece by referring back to the lead, but then I always do that so ...
Hereinafter, we refer to these bacteriophage proteins as the YonO-like RDRP homologs (YRHs).
A recent Wine Talk in the New York Times tried to answer the question Stags Leap, Stag's Leap, Stags' Leap--Which of these spellings is correct in referring to the wines of a particular section of the Napa Valley in California?
In a political sense, closure , now most commonly invoked in its Gallic variant, cloture , refers to the ending of debate in a legislative body and dates back to the late 19 th century.
More precisely, he's a "pretribulational dispensationalist," an unwieldy label that refers to two separate but intertwined beliefs that were popularized in the early 1800s by John Nelson Darby, an English minister and a special sort of screwball genius whose ideas later spread to America.
--Kenneth Keller, marketing director for Heinz Ketchup, refers either to biologically altered chickens born in the shape of letters of the alphabet, or to putting ketchup on stuff.
This approach is hereafter referred to as the reverse Holm procedure.
There I found a watch with hands that suited me, made my purchase, and left, but a question was still ticking within: analog watch ? Presumably, the analog refers to measuring time by an analog, with hands and a circular face, rather than by the more scientific-looking digital system.
However, I'd like to squander my space here with something I find far more riveting, and infinitely more disturbing: I'm referring, of course, to the announcement today that American Media Inc.--the company that owns the National Enquirer , the Weekly World News , and the Star --is buying the publisher of the Globe , the Sun and the National Examiner for $105 million.
Nobody uses dope fiend any more, even referring to addicts who regularly overdose.
It is accepted that the word ranchera refers to a type of Mexican song, although sometimes it is an adjective that describes a character or a type of person.
I am referring to the registered trademarks and service marks protected under federal law from the infringement of unscrupulous competitors.
This nom de plume, as is known, means `Peace Be Upon You' and it strikes us as absurd to see him referred to as “Be Upon You” or Mr. “Upon You.”
GAO Response Payment authorization prior to verifying receipt and acceptance is a common process referred to as "fast pay."
“In the Queen's Parlor” specifically refers to Hammett's use of gunsel and describes him as meaning it in the “catamite” sense.
The rule does not refer to information collection requirements subject to the Act, and, according to NHTSA, the rule imposes no such requirements.
Sp1 is important for the basal expression of various collagens, and blocking Sp1 broadly inhibits expression of ECM genes [ 8 ] . Terms such as 'Pathologic neovascularization' (13,9) and 'Vascular endothelium' (29,26) can refer to processes of angiogenesis, the generation of new blood vessels from preexisting vessels for the delivery of nutrients to tumors.
Because you refer to her as "selfish," however, you may not wish to keep this arrangement going forever.
When discussing possible responses, though, Berger referred to the premise-al Qaeda responsibility- as an "unproven assumption."
Business managers, usually referred to as program managers in federal agencies, are generally in the best position to determine which of their information resources are the most sensitive and what the business impact of a loss of integrity, confidentiality, or availability would be.
Some Mexican Americans refer to this condition as a Mexican folk disease because American doctors may not recognize the medical conditions.
The horse in Brewer's Twentieth Century Phrase and Fable [XVIII, 4] can only be referred to as white if it is a Lippizaner.
The cover copy also refers to his endlessly entertaining analyses of literary terms such hypocorism [ sic ] palindrome, clerihew, idiom, [and] acronym: of these, acronym and hypocorism are as absent from the index as the as between such and hypocorism.
The Wall Street Journal front-page "World Wide" news box refers to an AP story about the head of the World Health Organization saying that cigarette makers now under increasing restrictions in the U.S. should not be allowed to expand into other countries.
This measure is essentially the same as the Jaccard coefficient ( C ) referred to in [ 10].
Zahra referred to an interview Monday in the Turkish daily Milliyet in which Frank Ricciardone, the American diplomat in charge of "transition" in Iraq, said that the division of Iraq imposed by the no-fly zones was intended to be permanent.
Great works of art, literature, science, and philosophy were produced by what Pericles referred to as the “school of Hellas.”
This is what my evidence professor, Kenneth Graham, referred to as "Surreptitious Principle No.
From now on, the expression level can refer to a summary measure of relative red-to-green-channel intensities in a fluorescence-labeled cDNA array, a radioactive intensity of a radiolabeled cDNA array (as used in the example later), or a summary difference of the perfect match (PM) and mismatch (MM) scores from an oligonucleotide array.
a young man”; the Second Edition, published after the M&S Handbook and, presumably, in the “next round” they refer to, defines the word as “a young person, esp.
The term always refers to a specified manager since all costs are controllable by someone.
Those who advocate spelling reform are referred to the chapter on the alphabet, from which the following is quoted:
They are referred to as internal indices, in the sense that they are computed from the same observations that are used to create the clustering.
In case you weren't sure, a "reefer" headline (that is, one referring to an inside story) on the front page of the NYT makes it official: "News Cycle Speeds Up."
Delivery function" as used in this paper refers to street delivery.
Boas was puzzled by a Japanese paper that kept referring to stricken mass distributions.
Although KSM never referred to Moussaoui by name, Binalshibh understood he was speaking of the operative to whom Binalshibh had wired money.
The reader should also be alert to the possibility of confusing "A-pocket", which is shorthand for "adenosine-binding pocket", with the term "half-site A", which refers to those amino acids involved in binding RNA on subunit A of the coat protein dimer.
Attestation refers to an employee affirming T&A data to be true, correct, and accurate.
Samples were then taken in darkness at 6 time points referenced to the normal LD cycle in which they had been maintained (referred to as Zeitgeber Time).
To what extent do emergency department patients have coverage for alcohol and other drug problems, and how does this affect their ability to enter treatment when they are referred?
SAM was designed to evaluate the significance of changes in gene expression between different biological states [ 3 ] . SAM assigns a score to each gene (here and below what we refer to as genes are actually probe sets on the chip that target full length cDNAs or ESTs) as an index of the relative difference between groups.
We subsequently refer to these as 'oriented BOUs'.
None of the papers mention a fact about Tripp that makes this last claim puzzling: During the time frame she's referring to she remained one of the DOD's highest-paid employees, making $90-plus K. She even got a raise.
Live from the Pine Ridge reservation in South Dakota, the (Anglo) interviewer was very careful to refer to “Native Americans.”
A solution is suggested in my comments on racquetball: racquetball , while officially referring to the four-wall game played with a strung paddle, would unofficially also include the same sport played with a wooden paddle; this would leave the term paddleball as the sole designation for the one-wall game.
USAT reports that as soon as the Unabomber judge took the bench on Monday, Kaczynski, in a low calm voice asked to "revisit" the issue of his attorneys, apparently referring to his desire to jettison them because they still intend to introduce non-medical evidence of his mental instability.
Mice heterozygous and homozygous for the targeted mutation are referred to as γ 1 het and γ 1 null, respectively.
Evaluating the intent of the six principles, we observed that they naturally fell into three distinct sets, which we refer to as critical success factors.
In discussing crowd size, the Post uses as a reference the size of the Million Man March, but, curiously, doesn't refer to the Promise Keepers rally of a few weeks back--even though the paper gave PK massive front-page coverage.
As for revealing your strikeout record, that kind of information always gets out during the course of what Prudie refers to as the "what did you major in?"
The creation of a giant gulag in Vietnam that was euphemistically referred to as "re-education camps."
A short diversion eastwards will bring you to Blahbatuh, where the palace compound, Puri Blahbatuh, has turned into a commercial orchid nursery, sometimes referred to as Puri Anggrek (Orchid Palace).
The papers' consensus star of the day, Clinton attorney Cheryl Mills (the papers want whenever possible to have heroes and villains and they love new faces), responded to the House prosecutors' charge that Clinton had violated Paula Jones' civil rights with what the LAT calls a "spirited defense" of Clinton's civil rights record, referring along the way to Bill Clinton's shopkeeper grandfather's penchant for selling to blacks when few whites would.
Nontypeable Haemophilus influenzae is an important human respiratory tract pathogen [ 1 2 3 4 ] . The bacterium causes acute otitis media as established by pure culture of the organism from middle ear fluid during disease [ 5 6 7 8 9 ] . In addition, nontypeable H. influenzae has been implicated as a cause of otitis media with effusion, which refers to the presence of fluid in the middle ear in the absence of acute symptoms.
But the university's suit refers to the rompers as "alleged NYU co-eds" and assures all concerned that "there is no 'NYU Dorm Cam' installed in any NYU dorm room."
The use of such modified spelling in literature is generally referred to as eye dialect (see definitions in the Random House Unabridged and the Oxford Companion to the English Language) .
The original formulation of GEE also referred to as GEE1 [ 17 ] is used in the analysis of correlated data in which clustering is treated as a nuisance factor that needs to be taken into account at the analysis stage.
As Carlson says, "A 'seeker of the truth,' as Tripp refers to herself, might at best need to tape one conversation and hold it in reserve for that dark moment when her veracity was challenged.
“Beyond Compare” [OBITER DICTA, XVIII, 4] does not mention a problem I had as a boy in referring to the younger of my two old brothers.
(OMB Circular A-11, Preparation and Submission of Budget Estimates, Executive Office of the President, Office of Management and Budget, hereafter cited as OMB Circular A-11; OMB, The Budget System and Concepts; and GAO, A Glossary of Terms Used in the Federal Budget Process, Exposure Draft, January 1993; hereafter referred to as GAO Budget Glossary.)

In The Rape of Lucrece , lines 780-81, we know that “he” refers to the sun, but we may be forgiven if we assume that Tarquin is meant, considering that gentleman's passionate activities of the night before with Lucrece:
--Orville Schell, dean of the journalism school at University of California, Berkeley, refers either to Pamela Anderson's breast reduction, or to USA Today 's decision to run ads on their front page.
In this rule, "cost" refers to historical cost and "market" refers to the current replacement cost by purchase or production.
During a recent hospital stay (my first), I learned that the person who mops the floor is referred to as a health professional, along with what I would have called the medical orderly who has the responsibility for taking blood samples, the registered nurse in attendance, the head floor or ward nurse, and the various doctors.
The chart to which Reich refers was actually presented during Saxton's opening statement, hours before Reich testified, and did not look as Reich claims it did.
The Declaration of Independence itself repeatedly refers to the Creator.
In my upcoming Greek Tragedies, I often refer to the Chorus.
The LAT sees political manipulation instead, calling Clinton's remarks "part of a determined effort by the White House to change the subject," and saying it was "stage-managed to put the President in the best possible light," and also referring to Monday's speech on the global economy as "a carefully choreographed appearance."
2. To add to Insulting Nicknames, staffers at the late Houston Post referred to The Houston Chronicle as Brand X.
Inevitably, a large percentage of questions received could have been answered by referring to a dictionary, even a relatively modest work.
McCully [XXI, 1], refers to the “single turle, grinner, blood, needle, and nail --all knots used in tying files.”
The paper's main editorial Friday was not about the impeachment process but about a new revelation that Britain's D-Day commander and military hero, Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery, had referred 50 years ago to the African as "a complete savage" whose only hope would be a British colonial "master plan" to carve out giant West, Central, and East African federations and unlock their vast wealth for Britain's benefit.
From Sakuragi-cho it’s a short walk to the waterfront (which is still referred to by its old name, the Bund) and to the South Pier and Yamashita Park.
Tripp added that she had been "vilified for taking the path of truth," and complained that "many in the entertainment industry have chosen to ridicule me" (presumably referring in part to a Saturday Night Live sketch in which she was portrayed by obese actor John Goodman).
The emotion aroused by the closure of Hong Kong's Kai Tak airport Sunday night (to be replaced by the "modernistic marvel" of the huge new airport of Chek Lap Kok) came "close to rivalling the events of a year ago," when the former British colony was restored to China, according to the SCMP . Referring to the old airport's hair-raising, rooftop-scraping approach and its environmental deficiencies, the newspaper said that "the sheer audacity and improbability of the place so perfectly captured the spirit of the city that Hong Kong will seem lost without it."
' Musket refers to a military weapon.
Sometimes you don't know whether he did his research by letting himself be washed by television for endless stretches, or whether he went so deep he knows expressions you've never heard (or haven't heard since fifth grade: Do cops ever refer to a perp as a "hoody"?)
Or, it can refer to any product that includes some special feature or extra component.
The version of the gap method that uses the original variables to construct the region of support is referred to as gap and the second version as gapPC, where 'PC' stands for principal components.
Referring to the late President François Mitterrand's establishment of a special court to try Fabius et al.
The adoption rates for cost-effective technologies depend on energy prices as well as policies and programs that lower the implicit discount rates (sometimes referred to as hurdle rates) that are used by households and businesses to evaluate energy-efficiency and energy supply measures.
But there are also a considerable number of works illustrated that do not fit the bill, that refer neither to old masters nor to magazine illustration.
But Glenshaw refers to himself as "Henry Louis Gates Jr.'s chief of staff."
Pubescent brains are flooded with aggression-inducing sex hormones and aren't sophisticated enough to refer to past experience when making judgments.
He makes reference to the eighteenth-century Jewish mystic Israel Baal Shem Tov and a paragraph later refers to him as “Tov”--a similar misunderstanding.
(2) For investments in marketable securities, the term refers to the value of such securities determined by prices quoted on securities exchange markets multiplied by the number of bonds or shares held in an investment portfolio.
A "House & Home" section story announced that the previously indeterminate area between 23rd and 42nd streets on the East Side should now be referred to as NoMad, for north of Madison Park.
Today, Chicanos continue to refer to Califas, when speaking of California, in an affectionate and proprietary manner.
In cases of severe and persistent insomnia that did not improve by implementation of our recommendations, patients were referred to specialized sleep clinics for evaluation and treatment.
The allowances referred to in paragraph (1) shall be offered for sale at auction in the amounts specified in table C. The auction shall be open to any person.
In a somewhat mysterious allusion, Hodo also compares Harrison's "pilgrimage" to that of Dilsey, the black servant in The Sound and the Fury ; perhaps he meant to refer to incest-victim Caddy.
There was no correlation in the rate of change in density related expression and the density independent expression (here referred to as intrinsic expression potential).
' A Tennessee informant used dog weather for `hot, rainless weather,' which may derive from the expression dog days referring to dry August weather.
A placa also refers to the individual name of a gang member.
I've always had trouble with me tubes could be especially misleading in the case of a female patient, for she would almost certainly be referring to a history of chronic lung disease and not tubes of the Fallopian variety.
Note the "the oval" is now referred to as the "oval office."
In multiple testing, FWER refers to the probability of rejection of any true hypothesis.
Within-study variation refers to the precision with which a given study estimates the relationship between air quality changes and health effects.
Because of that, I was surprised (and a little shocked) to find the author of Uncle Tom's Cabin referred to as “Miss” Stowe in Robert M. Sebastian's amusing article, “Red Pants.”
The results will be presented for the two different PBPK models: a) the solute distributes in all the tissue water with no tissue binding (referred to as "simple" model); and b) there is tissue binding of the solute, similar to what is observed for propranolol (referred to as "binding" model) (see Methods section for a detailed description).
Investigators interested in recovering some of this lost data should refer to the comprehensive lists of genotypes maintained by the Mouse Genome Database [ 35].
This may refer to a slightly different aspect of his operation, but any friend of Mick's ...
So, I guess that it's an adaptation of chiostra , referring to a round thing, like a circle or a globe.
We report the results of a review of cases undertaken to determine the prevalence of abnormal liver function tests (LFTs) and liver disease in patients with 1°SS referred to a tertiary care center and the association of abnormal LFTs with other systemic features and autoimmunity markers of 1°SS.
Consider the question of the "overseas Chinese," which is how people in China and Taiwan refer to the 30 million or so ethnic Chinese who live elsewhere.
--TV producer Norman Lear refers either to shows like Friends or ...
I refer to the apology that the human race owes the Neanderthals, whom we apparently wiped the European floor with around 100,000 years ago.
A set of tumor cDNA libraries in which IL-8 is expressed (a subset of the IL-8 tissue cDNA libraries), was generated and is referred to as IL-8-tumor tissue.
Even though it refers to grace before meat and thus means that the materfamilias has more people to feed than she can manage, the term was used in many situations of someone whose load was too heavy.
I'm referring to "paradox," which is used wrongly in three separate instances in your Dec. 13 issue.
In fact, Rebekah, the woman sought as a wife for the son of Abraham, is referred to as ` almah in Genesis 24:43.
 .]
The provisions of section 405(e) of title IV of the Clean Air Act shall apply for purposes of this section in the same manner and to the same extent as such provision applies to the monitoring and data referred to in section 405.
The other day you referred to affirmative action as "reverse racial discrimination," which in my view characterizes it most inaccurately.
Put up and put down , for instance, need not refer just to food: you can put up a guest (and put up with him, as well) or put down a dying dog (a milder form of which applies to making babies sleep).
The term originally referred to the pieces of lead which held the type in place on printing presses.
) Incidentally, I refer Mr. Mason to Mr. Fowler's comments on the German language under the heading “fused participate” in A Dictionary of Modern English Usage .
We refer to these genes as divergent rather than absent, as they may be present but too divergent in nucleotide sequence to show a good hybridization signal.
FlyBase encourages researchers to refer to coordinates as associated with specific GenBank/EMBL/DDBJ accession and version numbers.
The deconvolution is obtained using the "Penalized Least_Squares" regularization approach [ 5 ] , where the regularization parameter (referred to here as a "smoothing parameter") limits the roughness of the B-spline function.
This confirms the lack of knowledge regarding the progress in alcohol treatment that has led to expert consensus recommendations that all patients at risk for alcohol problems should be screened and counseled or referred for counseling.
Sensitivity refers to the percentage of obese or overweight participants who were correctly predicted to be at risk for either glucose or lipid profiles abnormalities.
The government's main instrument in this area, the CooperativeThreat Reduction Program (usually referred to as "Nunn-Lugar," after the senators who sponsored the legislation in 1991), is now in need of expansion, improvement, and resources.
Furthermore, women do not normally court men, and although both men and women may flirt or seduce , a sentence like My neighbor hit on my friend out of context will typically be understood to refer to a male neighbor and a female friend, and not vice-versa.
What is this "day" that everyone is referring to?
One, he is making it clear that military options are not off the table--"We will not," he said yesterday, referring to Hussein's vow to shoot down U.S.-piloted U.N. surveillance U-2s, "tolerate his efforts to murder our pilots."
B1 misinterpreted the phrase Go Ahead as referring to his driving, rather than his speaking, and was halfway down his normal route of travel before the controller realized what had happened.
Homologous chromosome arms in the genus Drosophila are referred to as Muller's elements, and represent a clearly established level of synteny between species [ 7].
Rather, it refers to the most terse solution to a problem.
The second and longer glossary (containing 726 entries), called The Argot , was compiled in 1950 by a long-term prisoner known only as Thirty-five (from the custom of referring to a prisoner by the last two digits of his official number).
At threshold 0.8, 1,232 TSSs referring to 1,176 (55.
One of my personal favorites in this category is mithridatism the gradual immunization of a person against a poison by administering it over a long period in small, but increasing dosages; it refers to Mithridates IV the Great of Pontus (? 133-65 BC), who, according to Justinian, foiled a conspiracy by just such a method before dispatching the conspirators one day at dinner by dosing the food with poison that had no effect on him.
The letter you published on the advice columnist referred to as "Eppie" and signed by "Popo" was a somewhat veiled reference to "Ask Ann Landers" and "Dear Abby."
I refer you to the Chicago Tribune columnist Clarence Page--just about the only prime-time journalist in the country to really jump on this, this ... linguistic hijacking.
Databases are references to external sources of information such as GenBank or the Saccharomyces Genome Database, whereas DatabaseEntries refer to individual records in those databases.
Except where otherwise noted, 'total GC' refers to the total GC content of coding sequences, rather than of genomes.
The Israeli press, by contrast, was generally upbeat about peace prospects following Sunday's meeting between Barak and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who referred to him afterward as his "friend and partner."
The "liver" flow is the hepatic blood flow; "portal" refers to the portal vein blood flow and to the organs drained by the portal vein (stomach, small and large intestine, spleen and pancreas); "bone" refers to the inert component of bone, cartilage etc. in which it is assumed there is no solute distribution or blood flow; and "other" are all the other organs with a flow and weight adjusted to account for the total body weight (70 Kg) and the total default cardiac output (6.
`Language mixture' may refer to what linguists call pidginization and creolization of languages, a process of language simplification (although even this is misleading and not the entire story).
The term "inhibitor" refers to the effects of myelin on neurites in studies that did not consider its normal geometric organization within white matter.
Scatter-plots of such data, referred to as an 'R-I plot' (for ratio-intensity), can reveal intensity-specific artifacts in the measurement of the ratio, which tend to occur most notably for weakly fluorescing arrayed elements.
In this report, both the active product of urokinase degradation of α-actinin formed in vivo [ 6 ] and the active recombinant actin-binding domain, which are of similar molecular masses, will be referred to as mactinin.
The first explanation (referred to as "1 in x") was worded "If 8 women just like you took lifelong HRT, it would prevent one of the 8 from having heart disease.
These programs pool words or phrases and group them by frequency of use [ 14 ] . Computer generation of keywords is referred to as semantic indexing while assigning controlled vocabulary by humans is referred to as analytic indexing [ 15 16 ] .
well, actually, he does refer to shows like Friends .
Animal contact referred to any type of contact with any animal.
Often referred to as the stated value.
"If we don't take the lead, we're going to get hoisted on our own petards," says Sackett, apparently referring to the cottage industry in political parody Web sites.
Yesterday, in a piece about new presidential advisor Sidney Blumenthal, the NYT 's Alison Mitchell wrote that the New Republic referred to Blumenthal with the line, "A beat is just an assignment but a slut is who you've become maybe."
2.214) “You may be jogging whiles your boots are green,” she was referring to transportation by horse and not to our current physical fitness mania.
At the same time, however, the famous maxim could also be understood as referring to “men” as collective entities: “all peoples have equal status.”
Inigo Jones consciously based his work on the architecture of Palladio, but he did not think of himself as working in the Palladian “style,” any more than Palladio would have referred to the Classical “style.”
2A data element is a unit of information with definable parameters (for example, a Social Security number), sometimes referred to as a data variable or data field.
In the Nov. 20 "Give It Back to the Injuns," an unbalanced and frothing David Plotz refers to Oklahoma Republicans as "a top to bottom roster of kooks, losers, and terrors."
Every PC cultivates his own special places for this purpose: they are his own preserve and forbidden to other PCs; he will refer to them as his ponce-holes , and they add greatly to the sum of constabular happiness.
But I think it more than likely that Mr. Bricklin is referring to the famous French naturalist Georges-Louis Leclere, count de Buffon, better known to literary history simply as “Buffon.
In 1979 legislation that authorized soft money, party building referred literally to the cost of building and maintaining a party headquarters, as well as general promotional activities for the party.
According to the Times , DeLay referred twice to the GOP's "strategy" and said it had been in the works all year: "From the get-go, the strategy has always been we're going to spend what's left."
In its host country, Japan, Asahi Shimbun was more polite, but still referred to his speech as "ambiguous."
For sexual contacts we asked the case to refer their sexual partners to us, if they wished to participate.
It registers a process of improvement, improve being an originally American usage, Australian from the 1830s, referring to the bringing of land into agricultural or pastoral use, and including clearing, the provision of fences, buildings, etc., with the intention of increasing the land's productivity.
In a recent survey investigators in the less developed world were asked what complicated publication in US or European based journals [ 25 ] . They repeatedly referred to the same topics.
The Act also requires State Implementation Plans to include a preconstruction permit program for new or modified major stationary sources, referred to as new source review ("NSR").
Spinal neuro-musculoskeletal dysfunction refers to an alteration of spinal joint position, motion characteristics and/or related palpable paraspinal soft tissue changes.
Bald Pates is almost self-explanatory, being a name used in Kent rural areas for silver Roman coinage ploughed up, found in barrows, etc., and possibly referring to the poor design or baldness of the effigy on some of the coins.
The grammar of the original language is kept, but a distinctive vocabulary develops, quite often when referring to activities or areas important to the subculture that the creating the language.
introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee on

In the midst of the smashed glass of the looted shops, German wit eased the discomfort by referring to the event as Kristallnacht (Crystal Night).
81] refers to Statement of Federal Financial Accounting Standards No.
Here's the peculiarity: She also never refers to Bill Clinton by name.
The swords referred to earlier have become three-pronged palmas (palms) in the New World.
The identified autoantigens referred to are golgin-160/GCP170 [ 7 8 ] , golgin-95/gm130 [ 7 ] , golgin-97 [ 9 ] , golgin-245/ p230 [ 10 11 12 ] , giantin/macrogolgin/GCP372 [ 13 14 ] , and golgin-67 [ 15 ] . These proteins are characterized by predominant α-helical coiled-coil domains, except for N-termini and C-termini.
And I only mention this because I now realize that no way was I the only person who had no idea to whom you were referring yesterday.
In comparison to the two general alternative mechanisms utilized by known transforming viruses to promote cell-cycle progression, namely, by activating or bypassing endogenous D-type cyclins (herein, referred to as "cyclin D"), it has not been established whether HIV-1 gene products trigger either cyclin D-dependent or cyclin D-independent proliferation in non-lymphoid tissues [ 15 ] . In infected renal epithelium, HIV-1 could disrupt the inhibitory binding of pRb to E2F independent of endogenous cyclin D, analogous to transforming viral mechanisms that bypass and down-regulate endogenous cyclin D, such as SV-40 T antigen binding to pRb [ 16 ] , HHV-8 v -cyclin binding to and activating cyclin-dependent kinase-6 (CDK) [ 17 ] , and activation of cyclin E by EBV-induced c -myc [ 18 ] . Alternatively, HIV-1 could activate cyclin D-dependent proliferation, as exemplified by RSV v -src-mediated signaling [ 19 ] . In most tissues, the selective activation of these cell-cycle pathways is readily discernable.
The botanical term refers to the two-winged fruit (similar to the “key” of the common sycamore) borne by a large number of the forest’s tallest trees.
These loci are therefore referred to as 'complex' loci.
By the way, the LAT story cannot just refer to the "World Wide Web"--oh no, it has to explain that this is "a popular Internet graphical network, encompassing some 62 million Americans, that is revolutionizing business and education."
Just e-mail the new subscriber's name and, if possible, e-mail address, to refer@slate.com.
I refer to something that is, if possible, even more primitive.
Flat-Head , for example, refers to several tribes (Catawba, Chinook, Choctaw, Waxshaw, et al.) that once practised head-flattening; and the Yellowknife , an Algonquian people living east of Great Slave Lake, Canada, were so named from their use of copper implements: pedestrian names, these, in which inventiveness played no part.
For purposes of this product, any reference to the Social Security trust fund refers to the combined Old-Age, Survivors, and Disability Insurance (OASDI) trust funds.
The Paris newspaper led its front page with the headline "Euro: outrage in Germany," referring to the "violent attacks" in the German press against the compromise agreed between Germany and France over the presidency of the new European Central Bank, which will manage the euro.
..” [XVIII,4] refers to huevos in its slang sense, `balls,' not its literal sense, `eggs.
In his education speech, he tripped over the term "exemplary," which came out of his mouth as "exemplarary," and he referred to the Walter Sisulu Children's Academy, a charter school named after the late ANC leader, as "Sizzle-oo."
Sadly, the Sept. 5 "Today's Papers" decides to editorialize by referring to Hamas members as "scumbags."
Dr. Hardy and Mr. Crook contributed to writing the portions of the manuscript that refer specifically to DNA sequencing and analysis.
When the kids refer to the results of a new recipe I've tried as gorilla mustard, I know it's best to retire it.
The remaining Northwest Territories officially retain the territory’s old name, though many refer to the region as the Western Arctic.
Poly ADP ribosyl polymerase (PARP; also referred to as ADPRT [adenosine diphosphate ribosyltransferase]) was initially suggested as the relevant candidate gene in the region [ 11, 12], but that finding was not reproduced in other family collections [ 13].
[ 2] and refer to the two subunits as A and B. Thus we can think of each binding site as being made up of A and B half-sites.
We refer to this challenge as 'the problem': given a sequence x expressed in an interaction between species A and B , did x originate from A or B ? Various solutions are readily conceived, each with merits and faults.
We were particularly interested in minimizing the number of genotypes that appeared to be associated with two closely located recombination events - what are sometimes referred to as double-recombinant haplotypes.
In literary criticism, closure refers to the manner in which a poem (or any text) achieves thematic and structural finality.
Billy Tauzin saying, "You see he's lied to me personally on a very serious matter," referring, says the paper, to the energy tax in the 1993 budget deal.
It defines sting as `a robbery or con trick,' when, in fact, the term refers to only one of several phases in a carefully orchestrated confidence game.
Below we refer to this sequence as the titrating sequence.
138) refers to an article on Idaho speech; the AS article was written by a resident of Seattle (and mentions mustangs), but that is of no significance.
Throughout this report, these are referred to as complications of influenza/ILI.
USAT implies the "Hollywood" tag was meant to refer to Monica Lewinsky's Los Angeles-based lawyer, William Ginsburg.
If you are referring to economic inefficiencies, I am not aware of any weaknesses that the Soviets suffered in the '80s that were not also present during the '70s (or the '60s, or the '50s, or any decade since the Bolsheviks came to power).
The terms "financial statements" and "consolidated financial statements" are used throughout this document to refer to the basic financial statements of a reporting entity; the basic financial statements normally include: the balance sheet, the statements of net cost, changes in financial position, financing, budgetary resources, and custodial activities and the notes to the financial statements.
He uses standard English word-formation devices in order to create new words with broad sensory connotations, such as foodist, bellyologist , and groggist to refer to people with uncontrolled appetites, dedicated drinkers of alcohol, and eaters.
, Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice-Hall, 1983; hereinafter referred to as Kohler's Dictionary for Accountants)
Non-physiologic RSS that have simply arisen by chance can be referred to as fortuitous RSS whereas those thought to have descended from the same ancient transposon as physiologic RSS can be referred to as cryptic (cRSS) [ 49, 50].
Validity (as used here) refers to whether the data actually represent what you think is being measured.
The LAT points out, referring to former Governor Evan Meacham, that Symington thus becomes the state's second governor in a decade to be ousted.
We refer to the collected RI set as the BXN set because each of the strains includes C57BL/6 (B6 or B) as one of the parental strains - the common substrain C57BL/6J in the case of AXB, BXA, BXD and BXH, and the substrain C57BL/6By in the case of CXB.
The six domains of the first visual analog scale and the Karnofsky score are hereafter referred to as 'attributes'.
This effect is referred to as RNA interference or RNAi.
Roucouyennes (Caribs) rubbed their dogs with Hibiscus abelmoschus with the expectation that its pungent smell would prevent jaguars from biting their dogs [ 21 ] . Tukanoan tribes in South America also believed that deer had an inoffensive body odour that was linked to their diet of "pure" foods such as fresh sprouts, young green leaves and sweet fruits [ 31 ] . Tukanoan tribes also believed that people and animals have smells related to the food that they eat and the environment that they lived in [ 31 ] . This association of animal smells with their environment is perhaps what the informant was referring to in his reference to an agouti and the smell of its Piper marginatum "bed".
If allelic, such non-Mendelian interactions are referred to as paramutation.
He is referring to the fact that some teen-aged "children" were occasionally executed for crimes (the crime of murder in the period to which he refers, or perhaps for stealing hare from the king's wood in earlier times).
The name refers to the ﬁshermen who defended the ramparts here in the 18th century.
While at one time the sense of penis was relatively far down the awareness scale of those who had occasion to refer to cocks (as male birds), its sense of penis has increased in frequency and awareness level in recent years.
In keeping with conservative newspeak, Gingrich referred to these as the taxes on "savings and job creation" and the tax on "death benefits."
Instead of giving artful non-answers to tough questions--a prerequisite talent for politicians--Armey usually lets fly a smart-aleck comment that gets him in trouble: Soon after becoming majority leader, he referred to Rep.
Monica Lewinsky's father is suing a TV show for using his daughter's name to refer to a sex act; a woman chosen to run one of the world's largest law firms has decided to refer to herself as "chairman"; and Senator Jesse Helms used the delightful word "floccinaucinihilipilification," the longest word in the first edition of the Oxford English Dictionary , in a letter to President Clinton.
Stanley Crouch (who gleefully refers to Lee as "the diminutive director") has pointed out that Lee resembles the hero of Preston Sturges' Sullivan's Travels , a lightweight who strives to make an unwieldy epic called O Brother, Where Art Thou?
In McDavid's Opening Remarks he refers to some of my (later) work in these words:
( Slate 's "News Quiz" asked participants what $353 referred to: Click here to read their speculations.)
This domain organization is conserved in several proteins in public databases, including the recently described SMYD1 (aka BOP) family of proteins [ 31 ] . Three isoforms of SMYD1 have been reported thus far (referred to by their original names, m-BOP1, m-BOP2 and t-BOP) that are products of a single gene that result from either alternative splicing or promoter usage [ 31 32 33 ] . m-BOP is essential for cardiac differentiation and morphogenesis while t-BOP is expressed in cytotoxic T lymphoctes.

and cancer death in cases refers to death from cancer in cases within five years of cancer detection.
If we neglect the war, the quiz is marginalized into News of the Weird ; if we refer to it, we risk trivializing genuine suffering.
This turns out to refer to the assistant director of the W.E.B.
In indirect reference, the body of Constables is always referred to as the PCs , mentioned individually in such terms as He's a PC on M Division, My son's in the job: he's a PC at Wembley.
La Pinta, referring to prison, is believed to come from the word penitenciaria, or “penitentiary.”
Individuals value visibility both in the places they live and work (referred to as residential visibility), and in the places they travel to for recreational purposes (referred to as recreational visibility).
Anglos usually referred to the Spanish-speaking element as native or, again in a kind of leveling parallelism, as Spanish , never as Spaniards , on the model, probably unconscious, of Anglo , short for Anglo-American . Hispanics who prefer to emphasize cultural ties with Mexico, especially la Republica Azteca, as most in New Mexico definitely do not, may prefer to go by the name of Chicano , which implies political as much as national or ethnic identity.
"Risky tax scheme" was coined in 1996 to refer to Bob Dole's proposed 15 percent tax cut.
From now on, we will refer to a single gene phylogenetic profile as SGPP and to a gene pair phylogenetic profile as GPPP.
Referring to a speech Clinton made during the trip expressing remorse for American slavery, one of the senators said this was a "high price for an apology."
In the spring of 1994, British toothpaste commercials referred to plaque as plock; six months later, they referred to it as plack.
The secreted form has been referred to as megakaryocyte potentiating factor (MPF) for its ability to stimulate the megakaryocyte colony forming activity of murine IL-3 in mouse bone marrow cell culture [ 23 24 ] . Mesothelin expression is induced in a variety of cancers including ovarian, pancreatic, lung, and cervical cancer [ 25 26 ] . The soluble portion of mesothelin has drawn attention as a potential serum tumor marker since it is highly over-expressed in patients with ovarian carcinomas and pancreatic adenocarcinomas [ 27 28 ] .
I am referring to Hill Street Blues , L.A.
The justification for reprinting it would be that although I find his explanation totally convincing, it is not to be found either in the original edition of the OED under the word dear , to which he refers, or in the revised edition published in 1989.
A close second is the request not to hold it up against me --does this refer to a grudge or the fitting of a suit?
Under fast pay, examination of the invoice subsequent to payment authorization is sometimes referred to as "post payment examination."
One would expect the editors to have signaled the truth of the matter under Using This Dictionary, despite the reluctance of users to refer to such things.
In the streets of southern California a person who sells micas is referred to as a miquero.
The latter refers to property which had been appropriated because the home ovwner had not paid taxes on it.
This area of the power unit is generally referred to as the "back end"
Sometimes the writing of names on walls is referred to as plaqueasos, or in contemporary terms, “barrio calligraphy.”
“The beach,” as locals refer to it, stretches some 72 miles (115 km) from Malibu, through Santa Monica, Venice, Marina del Rey, Hermosa, and Redondo to Palos Verdes, before the white sands run into the pollution around the San Pedro and Long Beach shipyards.
In the second model (referred to as "binding") the different tissues bind the solute with a tissue/plasma equilibrium partition coefficient of 10 for all tissues except muscle (where it is 3.62) and fat (where it is 2.42).
This has been referred to as the LAK phenomenon [ 1 ] . Similarly IL-12 treatment of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) or pure NK cells within a few hours, induces, an enhancement of cytotoxic ability.
I doubt that it is accurate to define gunsel as a `callow youth,' a sense that probably rubbed off from the character played by Elisha Cook, Jr. in The Maltese Falcon: though he was referred to (by Bogart, as I recall) as a `punk' and `gunsel' and was portrayed as ineffectual, that does not justify a transferred definition: gunsel , probably from Yiddish, is a less common, old-fashioned term for `gunman, body guard, torpedo, hit man,' and the like, simply a `criminal who carries a gun,' and needs no (additional) pejorative treatment.
Patients who reported high levels of stress or anxiety were referred to psychiatrists or psychologists for evaluation and treatment.
Such techniques, often referred to as "social engineering," exploit users' tendencies to be cooperative and helpful, instead of guarded, careful, and suspicious, when information is requested.
For all methods discussed, the weighted, uncentered Pearson correlation was used as the similarity metric (referred to simply as the Pearson correlation) [ 1].

The 37 percent just mentioned refers to over one-half million additional children who were harmed by physical abuse, sexual abuse, or physical neglect in 1993--over and above the number who were harmed by these forms of mistreatment in 1986.
The British master Edwin Lutyens referred to architecture as a sort of play: “In architecture, Palladio is the game!”
Instead, he phoned Metabolife, which referred Chatterbox to its public relations firm, Sitrick and Co., where a senior associate named Julie Fahn assured Chatterbox that all the legal mumbo-jumbo "basically is just to make sure that nobody goes off and duplicates the exact videotape we have because Metabolife owns the copyright.
(I hesitate to refer to dialects as standard or nonstandard, since it seems to me to give the game away.)
The specification refers to CDEs listed in Table 3.
However, there are many case reports describing patients with progressive neurodegenerative disorders of unknown etiology, collectively referred to as neuronal intranuclear inclusion disease [ 77 ] . While these may consist mainly of unidentified poly-Gln or poly-Ala disorders, the present study raises the possibility that some forms of this disease may arise through unexpected mechanisms, perhaps involving mutations in Rab24 or other poorly characterized members of the Rab GTPase family that mediate trafficking of misfolded proteins within autophagosomes and lysosomes.
They were looking for an apartment; Rababah referred them to a friend who had one to rent.
The FBI agents who escorted Hale on each of his visits to Dozhier's bait shop should be able to testify as to whether those meetings took place; if they did not, it seems unlikely the FBI would have referred the matter to the Justice Department.
The WP quotes one expert referring to probable "preemptive arrests," and saying that the FBI would "nail [those arrested] for anything they can, just to get them off the streets."
Surely the people who coined these names are of the same mindset as those who call miniature programs applets or refer to diagonal or circular lines in a text as jaggies.
Strictly speaking, clock should only be used when referring to a timepiece that also incorporates a striking mechanism to sound out the time at regular intervals.
At the time of publication of Webster's Third New International Dictionary (1961), commonly referred to as Webster's Third (but in these pages, for the sake of brevity, as MW3 or MWIII ), I was director of the reference department of Random House, preparing what was later to be published as The Random House Dictionary of the English Dictionary - Unabridged Edition . It was therefore entirely inappropriate for me to comment on either the MWIII itself or the furor raised by its critics and supporters.
They also respond by the localized activation of a cell-death program, designated the hypersensitive response (HR), and by the systemic activation of cellular and molecular defenses, termed systemic acquired resistance (SAR) [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ] . Second messengers that contribute to the development of the systemic response include reactive oxygen species (ROS), SA, JA and ethylene [ 8 9 10 ] . There is evidence for commonalities between plant responses to pathogens (referred to as defense responses) and environmental stresses (referred to as stress responses) [ 11 12 ] . Despite similarities, however, a plant's response to each environmental challenge is unique and tailored to increasing the plant's ability to survive the inciting stress [ 13 14 15 16 ] .
These counts are referred to as absolute frequencies F 1 ( i , m ) and F 2 ( i , m ), respectively.
It is definitely true, as you say, that politicians turn the folks they refer to as Ordinary Americans into props.
Wednesday, even commission Chair Kay Coles James, a gambling skeptic, succumbs to the hideous Vegas euphemism: She begins referring to the "gaming industry."
The driver and/or owner is called a low rider and the act of low riding refers to all the activities associated with driving the car: cruising, caravanning, and hopping.
This perspective might seem self-serving, since people use the word "domination" more often when referring to my employer than they do in calls to 900 numbers.
Taylor's article is referred to in reverential tones all weekend.
The intersection of the nullspace and the region defined by the linear inequalities defined a region in flux space that we will refer to as the feasible set, and the feasible set defined the capabilities of the metabolic network subject to the imposed cellular constraints.
The table below indicates the kinds of help to which these people were referred:
Others shared this aversion to referring to the convention proceedings because, it was felt, each generation had to make sense of the Constitution for itself.
The change in expression (ratio of day 56 measurements to day 1 for each patient as calculated by Affymetrix software) was defined for each transcript; these are referred to as fold change (FC) values.
It was not possible to distinguish between the amnion and the serosa once they had fused so we will collectively refer to them as the amnioserosa.
In a subcategory called “Extreme, outrageous and offensive calls,” the authors refer to “a new genre of phone-ins [in the US] whose whole raison d'être is for the presenter to pour abuse on those who call.”
Which makes "Today's Papers" wonder: Why was Richfield mentioned by name in the story, while the Journal very decorously referred to another passenger, ultimately convicted of abusive sexual contact for the aerial fondling of a fifteen-year-old, only as "a Brooklyn man"?
On the 10 th anniversary of the liberation of Eastern Europe, we often refer to that event in shorthand as the "fall of the Berlin Wall."
Business managers, usually referred to as program managers in federal agencies, are generally in the best position to determine which of their information resources are the most sensitive and what the business impact of a loss of integrity, confidentiality, or availability would be.
Thus, in Tetrahymena and Paramecium telomeres are added at a heterogeneous collection of clustered sites, which we here refer to as "multi-TAS regions," whereas in E. crassus only one TAS is used for each MAC-destined end ("single TAS regions").
bPark and loop refers to a route where the carrier parks his or her vehicle and serves a group of
In the clustering literature, measures of agreement between partitions are referred to as external indices; several such indices are reviewed next.
By a functioning left I mean among other things a left with ideas, a left whose advocates can put forward an analysis of what's wrong with the restructuring of the economy and the repressiveness of the culture, rather than avoid looking at the quality of their own lives via sentimental moralizing about what Neil Strauss' Springsteen review actually refers to as the "poor huddled masses."
In it he refers to the 1785 edition of Captain Francis Grose's Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue .
The play on words, unknown to the average observer, refers to the acquiring of the green card, the mica.
Herein, absolute expression is referred to as average difference intensity (ADI) in all mathematical equations.
In California, even large labor rights cases are difficult to refer to the private bar because of the unavailability of contingency fees, the inadequacy of statutory fees, and the difficulty involved in representing farmworker clients.
Last year, he starred with Anthony Hopkins in David Mamet's The Edge . Daniel (37) is derisively referred to as the "TV Baldwin."
The result, not entirely unexpectedly, is that a single headlight is now referred to as a silb.
The British call station wagons estate cars , but they refer to freight cars on a train as goods wagons (borrowed into French as plain wagon , also used in wagons-lits , the sleeping cars on old trains like the Orient Express).
We shall always refer to duplicates as 'experiments' where the enzymatic steps (see Protocols in Materials and methods) in the target sample preparations have been performed independently.
Hype derives from hyperbole , and when it came into use in the '60s, it was used, in much the way overhyped is used today, to refer to something praised far in excess of its value ("Sergeant Pepper has been hyped as a masterpiece, but the fact is, most of the songs on it aren't of the first rank").
I don't refer to their sexual activity.
Nurses in the hospital teased him about his accent and began referring to me as wee Jock .
A new L1 insertion is usually flanked by short direct repeats derived from the target DNA locus upon L1 integration [ 19]; these repeats are referred to as target site duplications (TSDs), and can range from just a few to more than 200 nucleotides in length [ 14].
No, wait, sorry, that last thing refers to different ways chimpanzee males attract females, evidence of true cultural variation among the apes, not one of whom formally announced his candidacy yesterday.
Not a single highly paid political spinner or slick lobster (as we privately refer to lobbyists) seemed even a little bit curious to learn about Bush's positions on abortion, Social Security, or welfare recipientarians.
He was also forbidden to refer to his boss, Mel Karmazin, on the air.
Most organizations had also made their policies available through their computer networks so that users could readily access the most up-to-date version whenever they needed to refer to them.
The music of the early 1960s in the Liverpool area was often referred to as beat music, and so, modeling themselves after Holly's band, the Crickets, John, who couldn't resist a pun, suggested Beatles as a play on beat music.
It attempts to avoid the stale dismissive cliché "talking heads," but sometimes, in a hurry, does refer to the breed, with simple dignity, as "the heads."
To refer to the publication of the first volume of the HDAS is long-awaited would be to give away no secret, for many linguists have long been aware of Jonathan Lighter's announcement of his project several years ago, and it was Stuart Flexner's coup to grab it for Random House.
In fact, the NYT says that more than once she answered a question simply be referring to her prior accounts before the grand jury.
In both cases, the point is exactly opposite that identified by Graham: it is the position, institution, authority, etc. being referred to and not “the occupant.”
Tampons, for instance, can be delicately referred to with English words such as `tea-bag' tiibagu , `cracker' kuraka , `wireless microphone' wairesumaiku, or `vanilla (ice-cream cone)' banira . Another taboo subject, condoms, can be touched on with playful metaphors such as: `globe' gurôbu, `raincoat' reinkôto, or `cover for Mr. John' jon-kun kaba .
Regarding the May 21 "Today's Papers": If Richard Nixon's "but it would be wrong" is really the classic example of what Safire calls "tickling the wire," how do you explain the fact that no hush money was raised or paid as a result of the March 1973 Watergate-era tape to which you refer?
To avoid charges of being anti-public-education, Bush cannily referred to the vouchers as "opportunity scholarships."
A colleague recalled a discussion in which Dr. Spooner referred several times to “Dr.
The rationale behind referring to them as “lost” arises from the author's observation of an unfortunate state of affairs: because of an increasingly widespread lack of familiarity with the basic, structural elements of our culture—Greek and Roman mythology, the Bible, literature, and ordinary historical fact—people today are unable to discern the origins of terms like aphrodisiac, Achilles [sic] heel or tendon, meet one's Waterloo, sow dragon's teeth , and hand-writing on the wall , to name a few.
In the rest of this paper, we refer to this procedure as 'global normalization' or scaled average difference (AD s).
As frustrating as this might be, it does have one advantage of providing plenty of ammunition for games of oneupmanship ! Personally, I like to keep my friends and associates properly informed and up to date and do not hesitate to correct them when they refer to, for instance, “Ivory Coast” (it is now PC to say Côte d'Ivoire, even in English), or “Burma” (which is, of course, Myanmar, capital city Yangon, not “Rangoon”).
Another emotional, and largely irrelevant debate resulted from the use by the Oakland School Board of the word genetic to refer to Black English.
The wrinkle you refer to is not so new.
In the early '50s, in a famous Middletown -style study of a Chicago suburb referred to as "Lakeville," sociologist Marshall Sklare found that lighting the Hanukkah candles ranked as the most popular "mitzvah," above hosting a Passover Seder and observing the Sabbath.
"Although a lot of our work is grant-driven, we find that the lack of safe and decent affordable housing and the prevalence of predatory lending are the biggest problems in our client population," Brewer said, referring to clients such as James.
Atrial fibrillation, however, does occur in individuals with none of these causes, referred to as lone atrial fibrillation.
You already know what that headline refers to, don't you?
Most exposure questions referred to the two-week period prior to the onset date for the case.
Given the nature of the publishing business today, it is probably not at all surprising to see another usage book (bearing in mind that the Fowler is being updated by Robert Burchfield), though, if you believe all the foregoing palaver, no one will ever refer to it.
And indeed, USAT refers to the leading economies' "months of silence" about the crisis.
"Looking at the picture ought to rest the brain," he told his younger brother and dealer, Theo, referring to his famous painting of his bedroom at Arles ( The Bedroom , 1888).
The NYT runs the following correction: "Because of an editing error, an article on Feb. 26 about Manhattanites' reliance on mini-storage referred incorrectly to doves and a rabbit used in the act of Arnie Kolodner, a magician.
For example Candlestick is the name of Piper hispidum , Piper marginatum (species collected), Piper amalgo and Piper dilatatum . Monkey step refers to either Bauhinia exisa or the more commonly found Bauhinia cumanensis . All closely related species will be dealt with in the ethnomedicinal literature review.
(Before white sugar arrived from the West, Thais refined sugar from the tarn tree: nam tarn water of the tarn tree refers to sugar, and, the Thai word for brown refers to the color of the water of the tarn tree)
Today the use of narcotics is commonly referred to as doing drugs , a phrase that seems to imply a harmless activity such as doing the samba .
Bob Smith of New Hampshire, and which refer to Mr. Peanut?
The mannose 6-phosphate/insulin-like growth factor 2 receptor (M6P/IGF2R) maps to chromosome location 6q25-27 [ 14 ] ; a chromosomal region predicted to contain a head and neck tumor suppressor gene [ 10 11 ] . It encodes for a receptor that functions in intracellular lysosomal enzyme trafficking, transforming growth factor beta activation, and IGF2 degradation (reviewed in [ 15 16 ] ). Granzyme B internalization by the M6P/IGF2R is also required for cytotoxic T cells to induce apoptosis in cells targeted for death, resulting in this receptor being referred to as a "death receptor" [ 17 ] . Elevated IGF2 levels during murine development arising from M6P/IGF2R deficiency result in cardiac abnormalities, cleft palate, fetal overgrowth and perinatal lethality [ 15 18 ] . Furthermore, large offspring syndrome frequently observed in cloned animals is associated with epigenetic changes in gene regulation and decreased M6P/IGF2R expression [ 19 ] . Thus, the M6P/IGF2R plays a crucial role in regulating mammalian fetal growth and development.
I was taught at school that Hamlet was referring to falconry when he explained to Horatio that he was but mad north-northwest.
Falwell, I had just finished reading a novelistic treatment of these events, Assassins , which is subtitled Assignment: Jerusalem, Target: Antichrist . Assassins is the sixth book in the "Left Behind" series, "left behind" referring to those unfortunate nonevangelical Christians who are not taken up to heaven in the Rapture--the opening act in God's end days plan--and are forced to contend with the Antichrist's evil reign on Earth.
Those chromosome regions that have low brain-enriched gene expression are referred as low TDF NB region.
in his dialogue with Desdemona and Emilia on the praise of women, Iago refers to the kind that
Referring to the paucity of U.S.-grown bananas, former U.S.
For those of you who are sticklers when it comes to showbiz bureaucracy, the NYT has just the correction for you: "Because of an editing error, an article on July 27 about the apartment of Jen Graffam-Wink and Chris Wink, a founder of the Blue Man Group, referred incorrectly to the group's structure.
He refers to those chilling lines at the end of III.ii, where Macbeth invokes Night's cover for the intended murder of Banquo.
Often used to refer to accounts more than 90 days delinquent.
Also included are options to annotate gene lists with all GO terms available or only the most specific terms, which are referred to as terminal nodes.
An individual piece of information that has definable parameters, sometimes referred to as variables or fields (for example, the response to any question in a questionnaire).
The first, sobornostic collectivism , is said to refer to a Leninist school of thought; the second, agathistic distributism , is called “a theory of economic nationalism.
When such spellings are used in signs and advertising for their eye-catching value, they are usually referred to as sensational spellings.
The Yankees can actually be referred to as the glue that held the century together.
In Spain, El País reported that Chile has tried to persuade the United States to find an "extrajudicial" solution to the Pinochet problem, perhaps referring the matter to adjudication.
Elutriation fractions containing more than 50% and less than 75% monocytes were concentrated by centrifugation at 1200 rpm for 5 min, and the cell pellets were combined, reconstituted in DMEM plus 20% sterile heat-inactivated FCS (hereafter referred to as complete medium, unless otherwise stated), counted in a hemocytometer, washed in DMEM medium, repelleted, resuspended to 5 × 10 6/ml, and dispensed into either plastic tissue-culture slides or glass chamber slides.
Patients needing dietary reinforcement were referred to the renal dietitian.
The Times refers to the exhibit of "a World War II Avenger fighter plane" like the one Bush was shot down in.
Referring in an editorial Thursday to the "firestorm of anger and revulsion" that had followed the recent bombing in Omagh, Northern Ireland, the paper said that this "new crackdown, so late in the day, smacks of over-reaction."
I'm referring to Scott Shuger's assertion in the Sept. 17 "Today's Papers" that "pubic radio stations have tripled."
Clearly, this refers to the important Vatican document "We Remember," a reflection on the Shoah.
Dude might have been coined to refer to Wilde and his imitators.
With a nod to another leading icon of cultural studies, Robertson and Dean suggest that "one refers to Julia Child's cooking, naming her expertise, but to Martha--as with Madonna--image is the product."
The brand is a luxury recreational trailer often referred to as a land yacht.
One type of membrane-localization tag is the myristoyl group, which is attached to the glycine residue of proteins, such as S. cerevisiae Gpa1 (the α subunit of the pheromone-responsive G protein) [ 18 ] , that contain at their N-termini the sequence MGXXXS/T (where "X" can be any amino acid) [ 19 ] . Thus, we investigated whether fusion to the sequence MGCTVS, which is present at the N-terminus of Gpa1 and which we will henceforth refer to as "Myr", could restore function to the mutant versions of Boi1 that are impaired in the ability to bind phospholipid.
' When NMR `Nuclear Magnetic Resonance,' which is now better referred to as MRI `Magnetic Resonance Imaging,' was first introduced to the medical community, many consumer advocates and insurance people, fearing the escalating health-care costs associated with this expensive diagnostic procedure, thought a better translation would be `No More Radiologists.
But both the NYT and LAT report that later on Monday, other issues were actually discussed--the NYT doesn't say what though, and the LAT refers only vaguely to the topic of further redeployments of Israeli troops.
Multiple gene symbols may have the same OMIMID because many genes have aliases, resulting in several symbols referring to the same gene.
He was a man who liked to talk very grandly, often describing his political program as "renewing American civilization" and replacing what he referred to as "the bureaucratic welfare state" with a new kind of society.

An idiom , a combination of two or more words the meaning of which is different from the literal meaning of the sum of its components (like kick the bucket, red herring ), is distinguished from the concept of idiom , which refers to the natural order and combination of words by a native speaker.
Thus, in keeping with other gene-prediction studies (for example [ 16]), we use the terms gene and exon to refer to the translated components of genes and exons.
Investment in nonfederal physical property" refers to those expenses incurred by the Federal Government for the purchase, the construction, or the major renovation of physical property owned by state and local governments, including major additions, alterations, and replacements; the purchase of major equipment; and the purchase or improvement of other physical assets.
The New York Times leads with the restarting of negotiations over China's entry into the World Trade Organization; the other papers refer the story.
So I was progressively puzzled to hear a Hispanic friend always refer to my grandson's goldfish as she/her .
These are what is sometimes referred to as black memorabilia--including Aunt Jemima cookie jars, windup minstrel dancers, Amos and Andy faces, and the like--what another avid collector, Whoopi Goldberg, refers to as "Negrobilia."

Certainly, it seems unlikely that someone would have to refer to her as “Kylie Minogue, the singer,” except for the benefit of the same people who need the reinforcement afforded by “Margaret Thatcher, the prime minister,” “George Bush, the president,” or “Elizabeth II, the queen,” as if to distinguish them from the local roofer, the itinerant hedge-trimmer, or the ocean liner.
His daily stimulant--"If you can call it that," he remarked to his partner and close friend, Harold Epison, "--the daily ingestion of poison I inflict on myself"--was what he referred to with some scorn as "the McCarthy page" in the morning's newspaper.
Referring to both its structure and ease of operation, the AIDSS was complex.
The headline over the LAT's SAT lead cites an "ethnic gap" and refers to the worry that schools are failing to prepare "nonwhites."
And in conversation, refer to them as co-maids of honor.
Some Chicanos use the term to refer to recent Mexican immigrants and also to differentiate themselves from undocumented immigrants.
South Boston, referred to as Southie, is in fact (rather confusingly) situated east of Downtown.
By annoying, I am referring to Tony's sister, who is with us for the entire season, apparently.
Beatty referred to his critics as "those moneyed, honeyed voices of ridicule."
This could refer to the kosher laws that put pork chops out of bounds, but I doubt it.
(In the novel, a headmaster actually refers to the hero and his friend as "Dumb and Dumber."
More generally, feminists reveal and question implied norms in language and hence in our consciousness, ranging from the application form's unmarried which suggests that marriage is the normal state (as parents of twins imply double births expected, referring to non-twins as singletons ) to more complex issues, such as those associated with terms like masculine and feminine . Anomalies in language become evidence.
The 1.0 MDa complex contains yCCR4, yPOP2 (also referred to as yCAF1) and at least five yNOT1-5 proteins [ 5 6 7 ] . In this complex, yPOP2 independently binds to yCCR4 and yNOT1, and is absolutely required for yCCR4 to associate with the 1.0 MDa complex [ 6 7 ] . In the 1.9 MDa complex, yCCR4 binds to proteins such as yDBF2, a cell-cycle regulated protein kinase [ 2 ] , yCAF4 and yCAF16, and is essential for the interaction of both yCAF4 and yCAF16 with ySRB9, a component of the RNA polII holoenzyme [ 8 ] . yCCR4 was also reported to be associated with Paf1, Cdc73, and Hpr1 in a RNA polII complex distinct from the SRBP-containing holoenzyme [ 9 ] . Accordingly, yCCR4 contains, in its central region, a leucine-rich repeat (LRR) domain [ 10 ] which was demonstrated to be necessary for yCCR4 binding to the yPOP2 [ 5 11 ] , yDBF2 [ 2 ] , yCAF4 and yCAF16 [ 8 ] components of the CCR4-NOT complex.
--Howard Nathan, adviser to Pennsylvania's governor, refers either to his state's new "Give a Kidney, Get a Toaster" plan, or to its offer of a $300 death benefit to the family of any organ donor.
To verify that a legal aid organization is federally funded or to find a local nonprofit legal aid office, consumers may refer to the Legal Services Corp.'s Web site, www.lsc.gov/fundprog.htm.
 ... for the first time a prime minister had used the word innocent rather than not guilty when referring to the victims [killed in 1972 in Londonderry in the Bloody Sunday massacre]....
This letter is followed by a number to indicate which statement it refers to.
Not funny, I think, are numbers of sex-related terms referring to actions or practices more traditionally the subjects of reports by physicians, psychiatrists, the courts, and, increasingly, stories in the media.
The alternative explanation (referred to as "x out of 100") was worded "If 100 women just like you were to take lifelong HRT, treatment would prevent 12 of them from developing heart disease and 11 of them from developing a hip fracture.
Reader Dan Crist (who finds Chatterbox's habit of referring to himself in the third person "rather annoying and less than professional") points out that Japan bombed Pearl Harbor in Dec. 1941.
The terms "financial reports" and "consolidated financial reports" are used to refer to a document which would include the financial statements but which would also include items such as: a management discussion and analysis section, a statement of program performance measures, required supplemental information or required supplementary stewardship information not included in the financial statements or other supplemental financial and management information.
This is a list of terms used to refer to the NATO alliance and its members, by order of the Serbian Information Ministry, reports Steven Erlanger in the New York Times .
So, for the purposes of this paper, we will take the term "evidence-based medicine" to refer essentially to the practice of taking RCTs as the strongly preferred form of medical evidence.
A spokesman for the office declined to discuss threshold policies and referred all questions to the still-silent Justice Department in Washington.
And it is only with a great effort of will that I now refrain from referring you to my new favorite publication, Beer Frame: The Journal of Inconspicuous Consumption , and its article on the superiority of the Hydrox to the Oreo, its salute to products with "edible spokescharacters" like the Pillsbury Doughboy, Charlie the Tuna, and Slim Jim, and finally its definitive history of the styptic pencil ("styptic," proclaims the editors, "is such an excellent word").
1) If he wishes to continue to advance his career, he might want to refer to his well-endowed partner as a "woman," not a "girl."
On page 366 Green refers to the MW-III as containing 450,000 headwords: it does not, of course; it contains 450,000 entries.
He"ll be asking all the lawyers who refer penniless clients to him, to set up a fee schedule like his, so he can refer his overflow to them.
Thus, the first definition of interlude refers to a short dramatic piece performed between the acts of the miracle plays, and the common modern sense of `interval' is not met with till definition 2. That is merely a fact—many American dictionaries follow the same theme, notably, the MWIII .
The word methodology , however, really refers to the science of method itself, while formulate means to `reduce to a formula' rather than to `shape.
In fact, Connecticut and Rhode Island have abolished county government altogether, and in those states the former county boundaries merely furnish a convenient way in which people can refer to a regional group of towns.
Oddly, it was in the same McLaughlin program referred to above that this issue was raised and promptly ridiculed as ludicrous: one can assume only that McLaughlin felt more pressured by nationalistic and ethnic interests than by lawyers.
- Whenever a unit referred to in paragraph (1) elects to calculate itsbaseline as provided in clause (ii) of paragraph (1), the Administrator shall allocate allowances for the unit pursuant to section 412(a), this section, and section 414 (as basic Phase II allowance allocations) in an amount equal to the baseline selected multiplied by the lower of the average annual emission rate for such unit in 1989, or 1.0 lbs./mmBtu.
Low-impact aerobics have been called lite aerobics . In music, there are Lite Rock and Lite FM . Book editor Henry Kisor used the term Lite Mystery to refer to a book “with only half the calories of a regular whodunit” ( Chicago Sun-Times , July 24, 1987).
To enemies, it refers to a legacy of bankrupt state government and failed social programs.
-- Sean Fitzpatrick ( Ben Heller had a similar answer referencing the bearded lady's beard; as did Ian O'Henley referring to the Ape Woman from Borneo)
The first group of 8 schools (N = 656) will be referred to as Group 1; the second group of 8 schools (N = 471) will be referred to as Group 2, and the group of 12 schools (N = 1120) will be referred to as Group 3.
In that sense, the stock market boom is founded firmly on the "steadier achievements" to which Kazin refers.
, free parking, porters to carry one's luggage, B-girls, hookers, house detectives) and on further restrictions (there are few hotels in large cities that make “washrooms freely available” even to hotel guests outside their rooms, lest some wretch needing to use the facility wander in off the street); but would anyone insist that the presence of shops be restrictively incorporated in the definition of hotel ?; would a native speaker of English refer to restaurants and other public rooms as “compartments for eating, drinking, dancing,” etc.?
Dispersed pigment (DP) refers to clinically visible accumulations of pigment or pigment laden cells on anterior segment surfaces, most frequently observed on the lens or iris.
The editor's comment is, the Yiddish word referred to is unkn.; the closest words available are unlikely on various grounds.
Later, when asked what made her decide to ask Ressam to step out of his vehicle, Diana Dean, a Customs inspector who referred Ressam to secondary inspection, testified that it was her "training and experience."
One problem the author had to grapple with was the very identification of a word or phrase as Western: hightail it , for example, refers to “mustangs, rabbits and other animals [that] raise their tails high and flee quickly when they sense danger.
After referring to the USA Today report that economists don't expect rising gasoline prices to trigger inflation, "" concludes with the rhetorical flourish, "Huh--isn't inflation primarily measured as a rate of increase in cost?"
Camping , however, is a place, not an activity, and cocktail party has shrunk to koktél , while show and star refer only to the theater.
What might have been referred to was nitrogen's key role in creating nitrates and other alkaline (soda-like) compounds.
I of course refer to Jackie Gleason.
Many crimes are invariably referred to by initials, some of which belong to offences that have been super-seded--a good example of jargon's proving more tenacious of life than the things from which it arises.
(The "New York actress slut" referred to on page 309 is Susan Sarandon.
XML files that use any of the TMA CDEs can refer to the URI, ensuring that anyone encountering the CDE will understand its intended meaning [ 5 6 ] .
The LAT front-pager on the meeting is somewhat less upbeat, referring to its "futility" and describing President Clinton as "conspicuously subdued and visibly unhappy."
(I include nine cases of the word "his" used in close proximity to and referring to the president.)
Also, gains and losses in welfare, technical efficiency, and profits will be referenced in millions of dollars, although certain graphs may refer to them in billions.
Streets don’t have actual names but are instead referred to by the name of the neighborhood through which they are passing, thus streets change name about every block in some parts of the old city.
Microsoft's position is a reflection of an economic phenomenon often referred to as "network externalities" (a k a "positive economic feedback" or "increasing returns to scale").
These selected peptides were referred to as NMT-4 and NMT-5 and represent sequences 56-72 and 371-386 of human nmt55/p54 nrb, respectively (Figure 1A).
The LAT refers to the development as "a wake-up call to tyrants around the world."
This was referred to as “calling Christmas.”
OK, that's two things again, but the challenge remains: Which of these remarks refer to Sen.
The area now generally referred to as Albufeira encompasses the coast from beyond Galé in the west all the way to Praia da Falésia, just before a marginally distinct resort area begins at Vilamoura.
Marketing experts now routinely refer to the "Oprah Effect."
However, New York Observer columnist Philip Weiss says presidential adviser and troubleshooter Lindsey also commonly refers to everyone but the president by a first name.
The title refers to the Taoist Ge Hong, who wrote that "animals are superior to human beings."
Though the prison generally decides who is placed on 43s, an inmate may place himself on 43s, a process referred to as Going on the numbers .
It can refer to a purely physical arousal, or to a heartfelt experience of love.
"In-office" refers to the in the office activity of a letter carrier (primarily sequencing mail to be delivered), "out-of-office" refers to the activity of the carrier while on the street.
Four residents referred to the idea of "doing everything" when caring for severely ill patients.
In this rule, "cost" refers to historical cost and "market" refers to the current replacement cost by purchase or production.
All refer to Citigroup.
This, of course, makes no sense to the client, who has no idea why the professional woman across the table is being referred to as a man.
Vitamin E is, however, not a single compound and refers to at least four tocopherols (alpha-, beta-, delta- and gamma-tocopherol) and four tocotrienols (alpha-, beta-, delta- and gamma-tocotrienol).
Although the Spanish word for garden is jardín, many Chicano families favor the term “yard” while referring to their gardens, pronouncing it in Spanish as yarda.
Cowboy, detective, gangster, thriller, western —all refer to film categories, though gangster (or, rather, gangsterism ) can be many kinds of coercive behavior, even schoolyard bullying.
Duration of fish consumption referred to the number of years consuming any fish from Lake Ontario, the most polluted Great Lake [ 31 ] , and its tributaries.
Bryant Park Studios is built in an architectural style that was originally called Modern French but today is commonly referred to as Beaux-Arts, in recognition of the influential Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Paris.
The words Jane, Italy , and February are three examples of what we usually refer to as proper nouns--those individual nouns that refer primarily to people, places, and time periods and that are generally written with an initial capital letter,
The peculiar name refers to the seals that once swam near the fishing village.
A well-known man in Los Angeles, referred to as “El Hombre de las Banderas” (The Man of the Flags), created spectacular scenes up until his death in 1992.
A standard terminology then could be used and referred to by investigators in conducting their search strategies, and authors when writing titles, abstracts and submitting keywords for publications.
- Commencing in 1993 and in each year thereafter until 2010, theAdministrator shall conduct auctions at which the allowances referred to in paragraph (1) shall be offered for sale in accordance with regulations promulgated by the Administrator.
Mammographic densities that refer to the distribution of fat, connective, and epithelial tissue in the female breast have been shown to be related to breast cancer risk [ 5].
Although most of my remarks will be devoted to the steps we have undertook within my country to revitalize a struggling legal services delivery system-steps that we often colloquially refer to as state planning-state planning has always been for me but a tool.
Thus it is correct to refer to the Leiber and Stoller song, “Is That All There Is?
We then introduced into each line a plasmid containing a luciferase reporter downstream of multimerized Gli binding sites and a minimal promoter [ 20 ] . An isolated stable clone of the 10T1/2 cell transfectants (referred to as clone S12) gave a 10-20-fold up-regulation of luciferase activity (Figure 1a) when stimulated with Hh protein [ 21 ] for 24 hours.
Prior to World War II, light aircraft, such as the Piper Cub, used the material, referred to as shock cord or bungee cord , for the landing-gear spring.
Allowances allocated under this subsection for units referred to in subparagraph (A) may be allocated only for emission reductions achieved as a result of physical changes or changes in the method of operation made after November 15, 1990, including changes in the type or quality of fossil fuel consumed.
The phrase de pilón is used when referring to the occurrence of an unplanned episode or accident.
For instance, when papers like the NYT refer to "waves of selling," they make it seem like there were no buyers.
From the dock it is a short taxi or bus ride, or a 20-minute walk, to Vila Baleira (sometimes referred to as Porto Santo Town), the island’s only settlement of notable size.
If a clinician has assessed and treated every reasonable medical cause for a patient's tinnitus, and the patient reports little improvement in tinnitus severity, the clinician should refer the patient to a comprehensive tinnitus management program with experienced personnel who are willing and able to spend a substantial amount of time with each patient.
What the "groove" in that phrase originally referred to is hard to establish definitively, because several meanings current in the 1930s all permit plausible theories.
This column will not address such issues as pension rights and job security (though it will refer to them from time to time out of guilt--at one point, earlier in my life, I pretended to be a democratic socialist, and I was for a time an actual kibbutznik).
I think the real challenge for a currently employed middle-class professional today would be to spend a year living entirely outside the Internet: no e-mail, no eToys or E*Trade or Amazon, no MP3s or game demos, no online banking or selection of benefits through the company intranet, not to mention, of course, no Slate . I don't think I'd survive for more than a few days (which is why your daughter-in-law, alas, once referred to herself as a "wwww", for "world wide web widow").
The earliest occurrences of the word being used to refer to a religious service are to be found in the epistles of Saint Ambrose and the itinerary of Silvia of Aquitania in the last quarter of the fourth century, when it was applied to matins and vespers; however, in its most eminent sense, mæsse was used to denote the Eucharist.
Transillumination (TRAN) refers to light passed through the pupil and reflected off the back of the eye and through depigmented regions of the iris.
This volume is the first of a two volume set referred to as the "Codification."
In a speech he gave in Trenton, New Jersey in 1861, he referred to the American people as “His almost chosen people.”
Further to the letter of Douglas S. Dodge [XIX, 2,18] regarding tripes á la mode de Caen, please note that the Caen referred to is not the French place name but the name of the San Franciscan writer and journalist, Herb Caen.
We name heterodimers by listing both substitutions, with the mutation in the 5'-monomer given first, for example V29A-Y85H, V29A-T91I, or V29A-WT, where WT refers to the wild-type sequence.
The “His” refers, of course, to God.
The amount demanded matched John Ramsey's 1996 bonus--and the note ended with "Victory SBTC," which police say refers to the Subic Bay Training Center, the defunct U.S.
The paper was referring to a trailer in Vanity Fair for Cornwell's new book Hitler's Pope: The Secret History of Pius XII that was omitted from VF 's European edition.

For the sake of consistency, we refer to this 116.
Development of the male genitalia is largely controlled by cells in the urogenital mesenchyme that express androgen receptors (AR) [ 1 2 ] . Germline mutations of the AR gene produce a spectrum of developmental abnormalities in 46,XY individuals ranging from infertility or mild hypospadias to complete feminization, which are collectively referred to as the androgen insensitivity syndrome (AIS).
Unfortunately, he didn’t leave us his name, so his face is hidden deep inside the cowl of his monk’s-style robe; he is referred to, simply, as Anonymous.
She punched Kathleen Hanna of the riot grrrl band Bikini Kill backstage at Lollapalooza, and referred to her as "ratface."
The Gestalt term closure has an application in the world of , where it refers to the way the reader mentally imagines what has happened between panels.
In B. subtilis these latter three gene designations refer to 5-enolpyruvylshikimate-3-phosphate synthase (step 6 of chorismate synthesis), chorismate synthase (step 7) and chorismate mutase (initial step of phenylalanine and tyrosine biosynthesis).
Another member of the panel's staff said, "This is not the Kerner Commission," referring to the panel appointed by President Johnson after the urban riots of the 1960s.
"Number of times per hour it would be appropriate to refer to Jack London's 'To Build a Fire.
This is what psychiatrists refer to as "the pot calling the kettle, like, some kind of pot" or what Wildman Fisher calls "monkey vs. donkey."
He refers to Lou Reed as "poet Lou Reed."
I must also take exception with MacFarquhar's use of the term "disease" in referring to mental disorders.
Block Islander Ellsworth Lathan assured me that his fellow-islanders refer to peat, once widely used for fuel, as tug .
Jones referring to Isaac Sears, said, “His tune is for mobbing; committees and popular meetings are his delight, his greatest pleasure, his hobby-horse.”
Carl Soderstrom wondered whether "alcohol problems" referred to the spectrum of drinking problems or the medical problems associated with drinking.
We refer to this as the signal method in this report.
(It's also possible--this is admittedly a fanciful reading--that in saying "I inhaled," Sam's referring to both marijuana and cocaine; though if that were the case he'd probably say, "I tried them ," not "I tried it .")
There are some other curiosities, not confined to the unusual words selected but to their usage by the author: in the Introduction he refers to an episode in which his father completed his Bachelor's degree “at the behest of the Marine Corps.”
To Republicans, on the other hand, corporate welfare generally refers only to spending.
This program outputs separate results for the TDT, S-TDT and the combined TDT/S-TDT (referred to herein as C-TDT).
(The lines, mysteriously, continue to refer to Athens and Athenians.)
Underhype , to pursue this line of thought, could thus refer to a level that is subnormal but nonetheless sufficient to sustain life.
"We" refers, of course, to the government.
Instead, we concluded that the NIS-3 findings "emphasize the need for better targeting, whether by reporters in referring children to CPS, by CPS screening practices in connection with reports, or by both."
These three central agencies, referred to collectively as the "principals", established the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board (FASAB) in 1990.
Valid regulations implementing the statute required funding recipients to refer pregnant clients "for appropriate prenatal . . . services by furnishing a list of available providers that promote the welfare of mother and unborn child," but forbade them to refer a pregnant woman specifically to an abortion provider, even upon request.
The Affymetrix algorithm implemented in its Microarray Suite 4.0 package (referred hereafter as MAS4) uses empirical rules derived from its internal research data to assign absolute calls for the significance of gene presence and assign fold change calls for the significance of expression variations.
Although the basic definition (`aggressive marketing') is essentially correct, the term refers to salesmanship, not the (broader) concept of “marketing.”
We refer to this set of representatives as the best-of-UniGene (BOU) sequences.
The "pre-emptive rave" to which I referred was by columnist Frank Rich; it came more than a week before the film opened.
The most extensive study and analyses has been based on data from two prospective cohort groups, often referred to as the Harvard "Six-City study" (Dockery et al.
We present here a list of 36 genes with high EST clone count (>= 100) and high Z-score (>= 3) (referred to as IL-8 genes, I-1, I-2, ...
Enclosed is our assessment of the Commission's compliance with the procedural requirements referred to in sections 801(a)(1)(B)(i) through (iv) of title 5 with respect to the rule.
Frank was referred to me by the guy who was referred to me by another guy."
Another central point refers to the question of how to distinguish clearly the crucial intention of relief providing sedation from (slow) euthanasia by the application of lethal doses of sedatives [ 31 ] .
This bias normally influences both the orientation and conformation of the ligand in the active site, which usually represents a local minimum conformation [ 14 ] . More importantly, the lock and key concepts used to evaluate enzyme-substrate binding, in reality, refer to flexible locks and keys that are both in constant dynamic (thermal) motion [ 15 ] . For example, an analysis of conformational changes upon complex formation for a representative set of 39 pairs of ligand-free and ligand-bound structures showed that 50% of these proteins undergo substantial main-chain and side chain conformational changes when the ligand is bound [ 15 ] .
In an article a couple of years ago, Jan Morris refers to professional writers as those of us who live by the sweat of our ink.
In the former sense it gives way to government land or to more specific terms for parcels of land like government domain, government farm, government garden, government ground, government paddock, government reserve and government run ; in the latter it comes increasingly to refer to land that is available for grant, lease, or purchase, to distinguish land which is variously described as unlocated, unoccupied or (from slightly later, in the 1840s) unsettled from land which is located or settled.
4This refers to spending by "persons" in NIPA and not just by individuals.
Agency policy must assign accountability for recording and maintaining T&A data referred to in the previous section.
The proteins of this family are unified by their sharing of a common structural organization that is based upon a conserved ATPase domain of ~225 residues referred to as an AAA protomer.
(Note to editors: when you refer to a division, say how many people that is--somewhere between 10,000 and 20,000.
Cabeza de Baca refers to this custom as aguinaldos, and the chant she records is similar to the one above, except that the last line is “A pedir Aguinaldos y Oremos.”
The latter is commonly referred to as the "cytoskeleton" or "membrane skeleton" [ 4].
15 In this paper, technical efficiency refers to the absolute cost of getting a certain quantity of work done.
With the new formulation, also referred to as GEE2 or Alternating Logistic Regression (ALR), clustering can be treated as a parameter of interest on which we can perform hypothesis testing [ 18 19 20 ] . Instead of specifying a correlation matrix, an OR is computed for each cluster in this approach to detect clustering among related observations.
All filopodia and microvilli are morphologically slender and these descriptive terms in general have not been used to refer to microextensions having a particular dimension.
Newspapers coyly refer to it with euphemisms and circumlocutions, Tshirt vendors stock shirts emblazoned with its many parts of speech.
The high-scoring, third-species-conserved candidates whose expression is unverified at present (either untested or negative by northern blot) are listed separately; they are provisionally referred to by their nucleotide position along the chromosome arm (that is, 2R:4681879).
Smith does not necessarily refer to a blacksmith but to a worker, possibly in metal ( smite , as in beating with a hammer or such?).
Non-physiologic RSS that have simply arisen by chance can be referred to as fortuitous RSS whereas those thought to have descended from the same ancient transposon as physiologic RSS can be referred to as cryptic (cRSS) [ 49, 50].
Some refer to this difficulty as “losing my nature ” (1386), and impotence recorded in the medical history often undergoes technological transformation to “importance,” as in “he complained of importance since he started to take medicine for his pressure,” also known as “the high blood.”
In a WP front-page interview, Bill Gates says, referring to the Justice Department's lawsuit, "If we can't innovate in our products, then you know we will be replaced."
When OSI investigations disclose potential violations of law, the information is referred to the appropriate law enforcement agency, such as the Office of Inspector General or the Department of Justice.
Readers not very familiar with the above statistical concepts are referred to [ 14 15 16 ] .
This protein was identified as a 'paralog' (generally, this term refers to homologous genes related by duplication within the same genome) of the viral MPs on the basis of sequence similarity detected using the Megalign program [ 33].
This set of libraries is referred to as IL-8 tissue and can be considered as a virtual tissue consisting of 53 cDNA libraries (306,888 cDNA clones) (Table 1and Additional file 1).
An editorial in the Independent of London headlined "This war, at least, is silly and unnecessary" referred to a new trade war between the United States and Europe over the labeling of American exports of beef from cows that were fed a bovine growth hormone.
Under normal circumstances, being referred to as an "honorable gentleman" would be considered flattery but, where I come from, it's an insult.
The final rule continues a requirement that, in controlled business situations, people making referrals of settlement services make certain disclosures to those being referred.
Most critics like this "surprisingly genial and affecting comedy about the trials and tribulations of teenage rebellion during the Reagan '80s" (Jami Bernard, Daily News ). The title refers to two Salt Lake City punks whose tentative attempts at rebellion are more funny and halfhearted than seriously anarchistic: It's "an absurdist coming-of-age comedy" that's "better defined by its polish than by punk trappings" (Maslin, New York Times ). Some are not impressed with the film's watered down rebellion: "[T]his energetic but poorly structured, rather self-congratulatory look at spike-haired rebelliousness in mid-'80s Utah could strike unbiased viewers as more grating than gratifying," and the film "doesn't quite grasp how its slick, flashy package undermines any actual punk cred" it might have (Dennis Harvey, Variety ). (Brush up on your own punk cred by seeing how many of these bands you know.)
The level of nucleotide identity seen between LTRs of a particular element, usually referred to as intra-element percent LTR nucleotide identity (%LNI), can be used in determining the relative ages of LTR retrotransposon families [ 7].
...Was it courteous to refer to black South Carolinians in a way I can't describe?"
(In this context, "secular" does not refer to a trend's lack of spirituality but to its longevity: Secular trends are long-term modifications, not just brief fluctuations.)
Kutchins and Kirk like to refer to the DSM as "psychiatry's bible," implying that it inspires reverence and is in need of suspicious interpretation, but the DSM is better described as psychiatry's dictionary.
"So Sad" was the tabloid Daily Mirror 's headline, referring to Ali's physical condition, but most papers ran eulogies of the former boxing hero.
Hand, Holmes, and Brandeis based their First Amendment opinions not on some putative right to individual self-expression (an idea Holmes referred to as "the right of the donkey to drool") but on a democratic need for full and open political debate.
Referring to her TV appearances this week, Caretto concluded, "It is certain, in any case, that Hillary, with her dignity and her firmness, under the able management of her dressers--her make-up, her haircut, her outfit, her imperial eagle pin [?] were all new--enchanted a good part of America.
 , or the cacophonous: chuchbachuch bauachuch bakaxichuch bazabachuch bachaxichuch bazetophoth bainchoooch . (Psycholinguists like F. Trojan even trace relationships between word sounds and word meanings, the deep, dark vowels like o and u having an awesome, threatening, secretive nature on the one hand, and on the other the lighter ones like e and i often referring to the gentler, pleasanter things--whether in Indo-European or Chinese phonetics.)
She refers constantly to self-esteem and anti-depressant medication.
Bradley, on the other hand, didn't refer at all to the welfare-reform bill of 1996, which required states to adopt time limits and work requirements.
North Lisbon refers to the area around and beyond Praça Marquês de Pombal.
But groove could also refer to the path between a pitcher and the strike zone (and had done so since the turn of the century); a pitcher who was throwing "in the groove" was throwing very well.
That evening, on Nightline , Davis repeatedly told an incredulous Ted Koppel that Clinton's note about sleepovers was meant to refer to friends and supporters.
On the basis of these four works, written over a period of only eight years, Miller is frequently referred to as America's greatest living playwright.
The other islands, called the Family Islands by the government but generally referred to as the Out Islands by the tourist trade, have not shared this huge growth in numbers of visitors.
The Post makes a rookie mistake in referring to the jury's "innocent" verdicts.
The Bahamas has traditionally been divided into three entities: New Providence, Grand Bahama, and all the rest of the islands, brought together under the collective name of the Out Islands, sometimes also referred to as the Family Islands.
It also refers to the individual articles on the op-ed page (e.g., "Henry Kissinger's New York Times op-ed on the nuclear test ban treaty").
We refer to this as the ratio method.
Its residents, solid and conservative in look and outlook, are often referred to as "square heads," which suggests a stolid stupidity many associate with the Swedes, but all Scandinavian flags fly here.
USA Today leads with a story first fronted yesterday by the NYT : the Republicans' eleventh hour decision to unleash anti-Clinton campaign ads that refer to the Lewinsky scandal.
= "goddamn"; "blank" = "fanny"; I have no idea what the last refers to.)
I couldn't resist voting, even though I was sure technology would catch me out as I am (a) not an American citizen, nor (b) a registered Congress voter [refer a].
They are also free to express their views of the legality of the welfare law to the client, and they may refer the client to another attorney who can accept the representation, ibid.
Referring some matter to a permanent independent prosecutor's office would be far less fraught than appointing a new independent prosecutor and would carry less of a stigma.
Both games have been referred to as paddleball , although the ambiguity of whether one is alluding to the one-wall version or the four-wall version must always be resolved.
The exponent of Pb in Equation (1), then, is not a traditional elasticity; rather, it is an elasticity for changes in own-price when the discount remains unchanged, referred to in this paper as a no-shift elasticity.
Similarly, no real police officer has, in my hearing, ever referred to his territory as either his manor or his patch , both terms being the norm in British cop shows.
Control samples are referred to as 'mild controls' or 'moderate controls', according to the IL-1 series with which they were cultured ( n =2 and 2).
A pair of beaver skin boots could implicate JonBenet's mother, Patsy, declares the Star . Referring to "top-secret police files," the publication says that a strand of animal fur was found on the duct tape used to cover the murdered girl's mouth.
On Serbian television, President Clinton has been referred to as Bill Hitler, Adolf Clinton, and Führer.
No anachronism here, of course, as cockpit refers, not to a part of an airplane, but to an enclosed place for fighting cocks and, in a transferred sense, to a circular theater.
The drab unblinking question that presents itself is that "compilation" to which you refer, whose arrival, though unwelcome, is in no way resistible.
The case has been referred to a university bioethics committee that must weigh factors such as the Hippocratic Oath ("First, do no harm") and the estimated $40,000 a year cost of dialysis that the prison system would have to pay.
Later, McLaughlin refers to Saddam's Republican Guard as the "Red Guard."
Yet, there are some who, believe it or not, do not possess even minimal control over this linguistic dross: within the past few weeks I heard one TV newscaster say “wheres and whyfors” and another refer to “a Herculanean task” (presumably the labor involved in giving birth to a volcano).
This allows others to join in the fun by referring to the gentleman as "So-and-so's James."
Patients who would benefit from ongoing psychotherapy were referred to psychiatrists or psychologists near their home.
A scattering of names referring to more recent Roman history can be found.
Beginning in the 17 th century, hard money and soft money came to refer to metallic money and paper money, respectively.
We refer to a garment that is both distinctive and frequently worn as a uni , short for both unique and uniform . Rare is the uni that can be bought off the rack; most are created from a mix of patterns by my mother's clever needle.
Court referred mediation is available after litigation is filed, and often has a cost-sharing component.
Large breasts are referred to as balkon balcony, or bombi bombs, and a large bottom, curiously, as a diferenzial differential (in a car).
Referring to the Castro district in San Francisco, Sun City, Florida, and a guru-inspired commune in Oregon, Frances Fitzgerald wrote that their inhabitants were all inspired by "the extraordinary notion that they could start all over again from scratch."
Hemingway photos adorn the walls, his seat is on the extreme left of the elegant mahogany bar, and his favorite daiquiri is now referred to as the “Papa Hemingway,” with double rum and no sugar (everyone knows he was an alcoholic; the barmen claim he was also diabetic).
The NYT quotes an unidentified senator characterizing both Monday and Tuesday's off-limits meetings, and the LAT refers to several unnamed senators in its description of a witness-related compromise being worked out behind closed doors.
The problem of calculating the number of replicates required in a microarray experiment is similar to that of sample size/power calculations in clinical trials and other experiment designs; the (to-be-determined) sample size in microarray experiments refers to the number of replicates, whereas the number of genes is not an issue here.
Another item in the same section refers to “forebearing” friends, who I assume are those who had offspring before the author (clearly a woman using a nom de plume).

USA Today leads with mounting criticism of Kenneth Starr, mincing no words in referring to "his probe into President Clinton's sex life."
The third hypothesis will be referred to as "hypothesis III" (Fig.
Los referred to Los Angeles, which was also called Losca, meaning Los Angeles, California.

Critical maintenance" refers to maintenance that, if not performed, could lead to irreparable damage to the assets or to unusability.
If this is indeed the case, then MIF may play a role in neurogenic inflammation and in visceral referred pain.
We referred programs to peers that had successfully addressed similar merger challenges.
Tag-TCR1 (referred to hereafter as TCR) transgenic mice expressing a T cell receptor transgene with specificity to Tag were generated in the B6D2F1 background and backcrossed to C3HeBFe for 20 generations [ 28 ] . About 10% of the splenic CD4 +T cells in this transgenic line express the TCR transgene [ 28 ] . All Rip1-Tag2 in all treatment groups received the same diet throughout the experiment.
The other theory is that pachuco comes from the Nahuatl word pachtli, which refers to a grass like hay that grows parasitically on trees.
Immediately the president and his Oval Office confidants began scheming to protect what they portentously referred to as "the presidency" (meaning themselves) from revelations that would surely issue from any serious investigation of their administration: where they got their milk money, how they used the IRS as their own Internal Retribution Service, why they put Ted Kennedy on 24-hour surveillance, how they forged diplomatic cables to frame Jack Kennedy in a political assassination.
In an essay published recently in a history journal, the editor substituted “foul ups” for the correct term I had used in referring to certain incidents witnessed during army days.
As I understand it, when political scientists and sociologists refer to a society as "civil" they are citing the many important functions that are performed by voluntary, intermediate institutions.
If we lived in ancient Athens, we'd sprinkle our conversations with references to gods and goddesses; instead we refer to those Titans of the Times .
Such techniques, often referred to as "social engineering," exploit users' tendencies to be cooperative and helpful, instead of guarded, careful, and suspicious, when information is requested.
The analysis is usually based on a summary statistic derived from the study, often referred to as the effect size and a weight, which in most cases is the inverse of the variance of the effect size and is usually related to the sample size.
3 This paper refers almost interchangeably to rate(s) and price(s).
' The slang meaning is so prevalent that on a recent trip to Mexico I was given a breakfast menu on which eggs were referred to as blanquillos `little white ones.
The class was for students who had repeatedly failed, and was referred to as the last class before jail.
Most organizations had also made their policies available through their computer networks so that users could readily access the most up-to-date version whenever they needed to refer to them.
During the Spain meeting, Atta also mentioned that he had considered targeting a nuclear facility he had seen during familiarization flights near New York-a target they referred to as "electrical engineering."
We compared MEDACV for two classes of mRNAs: those called Present in at least 50% of replicated hybridizations (referred to as 'Present' mRNAs), and those Present in fewer than 50% of the replicated hybridizations (referred to as 'Absent' mRNAs).
Birn also shows how Goldhagen's insistence on German complicity leads him to soft-pedal the anti-Semitism of the Germans' collaborators, referring obliquely to the "pressures operating on the Ukrainians that did not exist for the Germans."
Collectively, these criteria are referred to as "threats to validity."
Junior varsity is found in 1949, referring to the secondary team of an American school or university.
This approach is a generalization of planar interpolation that is technically referred to as enhanced Voronoi Neighbor Averaging (EVNA) spatial interpolation (See Abt Associates (2000) for a more detailed description).
In American history, "feeling free" refers to ridding the nation of an oppressive monarch, a view expressed in the Declaration of Independence.
Brodkey often darkly refers to his enemies: the enemies of his work, of his marriage--the enemies of genius.
