I am Sgt. Adam Caldwell, a US Marine Sgt.serving in the 3rd Battalion, 25th Marine Regiment that Patrols the An bar province, Iraq.
This cation specifically binds to divalent cation binding sites of several enzymes, and in many cases serves as a functional cofactor [ 23 ] .
Vanadyl has been used to estimate the types of groups that serve as metal-ligands in F 1 -ATPase and other enzymes [ 16 18 19 21 ] because the g and A tensors of the 51V hyperfine couplings are approximately a linear combination of tensors from each type of group that contributes an equatorial ligand [ 24 27 ] .
It has been reported that the amino group serves as one of VO 2+equatorial ligands in CF 1 -ATPase [ 21 ] , pyruvate kinase [ 19 20 ] , AdoMet synthetase [ 17 18 ] , and carboxypeptidase [ 16 ] .
Thus one amino group from lysine, one carboxyl group from aspartate or glutamate, and two oxygens from the phosphates of ADPNP serve as the equatorial ligands of sCD39 bound VO 2+in the presence of ADPNP.
When ADP is the substrate and generates species D1, one water molecule and a combination of three groups between carboxyl groups and phosphates serve as the equatorial ligands of bound VO 2+on sCD39.
The site directed mutagenesis studies on CD39 and other members of the CD39 family give some hints about the possible residues that serve as metal ligands at the catalytic site of sCD39.
To estimate the types of groups that serve as equatorial ligands to VO 2+in each condition, the observed values of A || derived from simulation of the EPR spectrum by QPOWA were compared with the coupling constants obtained from model studies [ 24 32 ] using: A ||calc = Σ n i A ||i /4 where i represents the different types of equatorial ligand donor groups, n i (=1-4) is the number of ligands of type i, and A ||i is the measured coupling constant for equatorial donor group i [ 24 ] .
Enron has proposed several options for resolving the credit risk issues and= =20 is working with DWR to arrive at a solution that is mutually agreeable to= =20 both sides and that might serve as a template for power purchase agreements= =20 going forward.
Powell said his discussions with Mahathir "touched on the case" of his former deputy, Anwar Ibrahim, who is serving a 15-year sentence on charges of sodomy and abuse of power after trials that Powell said the United States had "always felt" were flawed.
In contrast, Colombian indigenous groups are divided to the extent that linguistic diversity is not only valued, but serves to split the population, both between groups and within groups themselves.
The graph in Example 2 will serve as a point of departure for the subsequent analysis; while we will periodically refer back to some of its specific elements, it should be understood that even when not explicitly referenced, this graph serves as the explanatory goal of this paper.
The graph in Example 2 will serve as a point of departure for the subsequent analysis; while we will periodically refer back to some of its specific elements, it should be understood that even when not explicitly referenced, this graph serves as the explanatory goal of this paper.
In other words, the piece, in becoming more regular, is beginning to drive towards the finish—because of the formal structure, the recapitulation of the first theme also serves as the closing section of the movement.
These networks serve as efficient job search networks and makeshift recruitment centres.
In the process of enacting their careers, individuals engage in reinforcing the cohesive social patterns of the industry which serve to guide the stages of their development.
Accordingly, deferred pension rights, vacation time, promotion opportunities, and social acceptance were most reserved for those who had ‘served their time’.
Is Conscription just around the corner, to serve Halliburton(Dubai) in attaining pipeline clearance through Afghanistan, to Turkmenistan and the oil field there?
Each individual program uses its own approach on its own timeline to serve its own purpose.
I still don't know whose interests are being served by this useless piece of crap legislation.
This bill, currently in Congress, would give wholesaler lobbyists the means to turn back the clock on consumer access to wine, lead to the passage of laws that override federal regulations on alcohol, kill jobs and business that focus on artisan production of wine, beer and spirits, punish and dismantle small specialty wine retailers that serve the consumers that wholesalers won't and override the critical Constitutional principle of a single American economic union...
Las Vegas would serve as a major stopover for crew rest and train repair.
From the beginning, Las Vegas was built to serve travelers.
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.

Most of all, if the working group is still working on an "actual spec," what purpose is served by this unilateral STLP document?
>Most of all, if the working group is still working on an "actual spec," >what purpose is served by this unilateral STLP document?
>I have no dispute with the events you describe, but process integrity >would >have been better served if you or Win had described this intent up >front, >and answered the queries by other folks who, like me, could not figure >out >what was going on.
The complications in her character serve to undercut the ostensible didactic intent of these stories.
The mixture is fried like a thick pancake and served, sliced, with rice, naan and other curries.
It's no longer unusual for chefs to refuse to serve a species they think to be at risk of extinction or for a retailer to promote seafoods that are abundant and part of a healthy marine ecosystem.
"I have made it a policy of mine never to serve Chilean seabass," said Billy Hahn, executive chef at Jake's Famous Crawfish, a Portland, Ore., landmark since 1892.
A number of restaurants not officially part of the National Environmental Trust boycott also have stopped serving Chilean seabass.
Le Bernardin's menu also informs diners that the restaurant will not serve swordfish to support efforts "to recover the species."
Perhaps dear old Jack is not serving your best interests as captain?
So what purpose would be served in finding whatever need be unlocked, which we don't have, without first having found the key what unlocks it?
Will ye serve?
HELMSMAN: I - I will, serve.
One soul to serve on your ship is already over there.

The Reorganization Act grants the Postal Service specific powers that serve as the operational tools of service innovation.
The Commission determined almost twenty years ago that there was a need for specialized rules to facilitate Postal Service mail classification requests involving proposed new services, or changes in existing services, that were intended to serve as experiments.
The Salt Lake City librarians had prepared an equally exhaustive program of requirements, so whichever architect was chosen commodity probably would be well served.
I am from Austin, TX, I am also a former US Marine infantry, having served 12 active years with different infantry units, from Camp Pendleton, CA. (1st battalion, 9th Marine Regiment, and 2nd battalion, 1st Marine Regiment) and Camp Lejeune, NC (3rd Battalion, 6th Marine Regiment), I have a 3years old daughter living with my parent in Texas, I am the first born and daughter of my parent, I have a younger brother call Kelvin.
I am presently serving in the Supply, Logistics and Relief Unit of the first Armour-ed Div of the US Army in Iraq .
what did you serve?
Ms. McCourt currently serves as the co-chair of the March of Dimes Salute to Excellence committee in Delaware County, PA where she continues non-profit planning and volunteering.
Colleen returned to Goldey-Beacom College to serve as the Chairman of the Board of Directors for Theta Phi Alpha and currently serves as the President of the Delaware Alumnae Association for the organization.
Colleen returned to Goldey-Beacom College to serve as the Chairman of the Board of Directors for Theta Phi Alpha and currently serves as the President of the Delaware Alumnae Association for the organization.
Provincetown's official population of 3,500 supports a tourism industry that serves millions of visitors each year.
Raina Stefani serves David's produce at her restaurant Terra Luna , but it only makes up a portion of her fares: the rest has to be shipped from the mainland.
Rebuilt in modern times, the mosque serves the small local community of Muslims.
Mr. Reupke was one of three executives on Reuters's eight-person executive committee who didn't also serve on the company's board of directors.
Of the more than 42,000 people Goodwill served in 1999, over 5,000 of them have multiple barriers to finding and keeping a job.
Your support of Goodwill will provide job training and placement services to help the hardest to serve in central Indiana find meaningful employment.
Pleasant Run Children's Homes began serving children nearly 130 years ago.
Today, we serve children and families with a multitude of problems: emotional, physical, psychological and sexual abuse.
In 1994 Pleasant Run served 346 children and 125 families.
In 1995 we will serve over 850 children and 340 families.
For Pleasant Run to continue to serve abused and neglected children and their families, we need your support.
The numbers of children who deserve our services are rising... as quickly as our programs can grow to serve them.
A gift means a family will have a holiday meal, cooking utensils to prepare the meal and dishes to serve it on.
Jameson is a not-for-profit agency established in 1928 to serve the youth of central Indiana who have special needs.
In 1998, we served a total of 31,484 low-income individuals through job training and placement assistance, youth and senior programming, family counseling, emergency assistance, and much more.
The centers that serve these areas, Mary Rigg Neighborhood Center, Hawthorne Community Center, Southwest Multi-Service Center, and Christamore House, have teamed up to run an exciting job readiness program for 14 and 15 year old area residents called the Summer Enrichment Program.
In 1998, CCI served 31,484 individuals right in their own backyards.
Annually, we ask several of our youth serving organizations to join us in our effort to help young people grow up well in Indianapolis.
Its purpose is to encourage collaboration and cooperation between the various agencies, programs, and systems that serve our community's youth.
It retained, however, the same mission with which it had been charged from its inception: to serve as a catalyst for effective, coordinated, and collaborative service delivery to youth in our community.
This year we will serve over 1,000 girls through our mentoring programs.
This is an impressive number; but for each girl served, more are left unserved.
Today Big Sisters serves over 1,000 girls in central Indiana.
But for each girl served, more are left unserved.
In 1998, Big Sisters served 972 young people through its many programs.
In such networks, for which there is modestly good evidence, a given first antibody serves as an antigen that stimulates the body to produce a second antibody that binds to the unique amino acid sequences, called the "idiotype" of the first antibody. 
This created a pattern seen today throughout the Aegean of a small port (skala) which serves an inland settlement or chora, making it easier to protect the island from attack.
Then a Russian-American medical team led by renowned heart surgeon Michael DeBakey examined Yeltsin, pronounced his condition "not bad at all," and predicted that although his surgery would be delayed a few weeks, he would probably serve out his term.
NHLA, without LSC funding, continues to provide a full range of legal services from regional offices across the state, while the Pro Bono Referral System continues to serve low- income people throughout the state through its network of volunteer private attorneys.
Gardens, particularly flower gardens, serve no real purpose.
For instance, it is worth noting that although the Dictionary of American Regional English , edited by Frederic G. Cassidy, serves as a source for Lighter, it is not listed among the titles in the Selected Bibliography.
In Virginia, callers to the statewide toll free number now are not only routed to an intake worker in the program serving their area, but can hear informative recordings on relevant legal topics twenty-four hours a day, in English and Spanish.
As I've discussed in my testimony, the increasing complexity of issues and the accelerating change in government-major factors in GAO's strategic plan-helped us realize that this realignment was necessary to better position GAO for serving the future needs of the Congress.
Critical care physicians have at their disposal a variety of data to serve as a guide in discriminating infectious from noninfectious conditions in newly admitted patients.
Overall, the central security groups served as (1) catalysts for ensuring that information security risks were considered in both planned and ongoing operations, (2) central resources for advice and expertise to units throughout their organizations, and (3) a conduit for keeping top management informed about security-related issues and activities affecting the organization.
5. How you served vs. whether you served.
Since there are more smaller, semirural states than big states, the well-being of individual states would not necessarily be best served by examining what happens in the few larger states.
In one of her marathon phone confessions with Tripp, she even makes a shrewd case that in seducing the president, she was serving the public interest.
He has not been adequately served by a biographer unwilling or unable to understand the nightmare of Cold War epistemology, the place where politics and pathology become indistinguishable.
Mötley Crüe drummer Tommy Lee will have plenty of time to contemplate his temper as he serves his six month sentence for felony spousal abuse of his wife, former Baywatch actress Pamela Anderson.
Those wishing to supplement their aging Webster's Third New International (Merriam, 1961) and unwilling to spend about thirty dollars more for the recent editions of the Random House Unabridged or World Book Dictionary would be very well served by the TBDNE . It should be noted, however, that the TBDNE , in including the work of its predecessors, represents a departure from their approach.
Legal services programs in Canada are about the same age as ours, and serve a similar client community.
Traditionally this ceremony serves as a coming-out party to indicate that a girl has reached womanhood and is ready for marriage.
VA Health Care: More Veterans Are Being Served, But Better Oversight Is Needed (GAO/HEHS-98-226, Aug. 28, 1998).
These cells do not express any endogenous δ opioid receptors, as they lack binding of the radioactive tracer [ 3H]-DPDPE (data not shown), thus they serve as a good system for the expression of opioid receptors.
The presence of multiple potential protein-docking sites in some EPKs allows them to serve as scaffolding molecules around which a protein complex can assemble [ 4, 5, 8].
Rice paddies in the northwest towards the Thai border and around river deltas on the east coast serve only domestic consumption.
These regions serve specific functions in molecular processes, e.g., several 5' UTRs of mRNA transcripts are mRNA stability determinants [ 1 2 ] . Thus they can display sequence and/or secondary structure signatures and these defined segments can be more useful than using entire gene sequences for annotations.
Having served thousands, the .dba is recognized as one of the nation's largest and leading authorities on the self-employment of people with disabilities.
In the new version, directed by Jan De Bont ( Speed , 1994; Twister , 1996), that pounding comes early and serves as an overture for a bunch of computer-generated special effects: ghosties that swirl around like Tinkerbell, statues that spring to life and grab people.
Anne Stalder Nelson, executive director of the Cabrini Green Legal Aid Clinic in Chicago, said the Web sites will serve as a resource that previously would have come at significant cost.
Bradley might have served those Americans better by directing his anger at Gore's misrepresentations.
In only his second campaign, Forbes has turned into a full-fledged Harold Stassen figure--a candidate for whom unpopularity serves as some kind of weird inspiration.
"Not a new law that requires women in labor to serve jury duty."
Once inhabited by ancient Hawaiians, the island has since served as an Alcatraz for criminals, a cattle ranch, and — most recently — a bombing range for the U.S.
It isn't as easy to summarize federal regulation as it is to summarize federal spending, but the basic point is similar: Most of what the government does is actually serving, not opposing, the public's will.
The same study hypothesis might be: does equipment typically found in an intensive care unit, condensed to fit in a small space underneath a patient stretcher, serve as an equivalent tool to conventional equipment in detecting and treating life-threatening problems?
In this program, Average Difference (AD) values serve as relative indicators of the expression level of transcripts represented on the arrays.
View the town and surrounding countryside from the belfry of the Hôtel de Ville or go down to the basement and take the guided tour of the labyrinth of underground passages that have served a variety of purposes over the centuries.
a unit that, during 1985, served a generator in any State that producedelectricity for sale.
But few Internet service providers serve rural America, because the current number of consumers is too small for them to make money.
Our ServerSearch TM team traveled the globe in pursuit of the very best software for serving you, our readers.
These domains often occur together in large proteins linked to catalytic domains and may serve to tether these proteins to different components of chromatin and deliver catalytic activities to specific locations.
Linked to the Vatican by a thick-walled passage, it served as a hideout for popes in times of danger, notably Pope Clement VII, who holed up here for a month during the sack of Rome by Habsburg troops in 1527 (see page 27).
The proportion of such pure clusters among the total clusters serves as a coarse measure of the specificity of the phylogenetic profile method.
The Reorganization Act grants the Postal Service specific powers that serve as the operational tools of service innovation.
for a unit serving a generator before the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of2002, a unit in a State serving a generator with a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 megawatts that produced or produces electricity for sale during 2001 or any year thereafter, except for a cogeneration unit that produced or produces electricity for sale equal to less than one-third of the potential electrical output of the generator that it served or serves during 2001 and each year thereafter; and
Taken together these observations have led to the hypothesis that LN1 serves as a secondary or supporting stimulus for agrin induced AChR aggregation [ 1 2 24 ] . The present study is directed at a quantitative examination of the interaction between the signal transduction pathways for agrin and LN1 induction of AChR aggregates and colocalized α-DG aggregates.
2. "If it can prevent children or other New Yorkers from being maimed, disfigured, or killed, it will serve its purpose."
XIST and TSIX are conserved, overlapping, but oppositely oriented non-coding transcripts, which serve crucial functions in X-inactivation [ 9].
serves 18 counties.
In short (excuse the pun), for one reason or another users in the UK would be better served by a better dictionary of abbreviations than this; US users should be alerted to the fact that the text is British, unedited for American spelling: for `decagramme, decalitre, decametre' read `decagram, decaliter, decameter.
.. as quickly as our programs can grow to serve them.
Whole cell lysates serving as positive controls were prepared by incubating monolayers with denaturing Laemmli buffer.
The U.S. textile industry has taken advantage of economies of scale in production to serve large, expanding, and, for much of the century, protected markets for textile products.
"His sense of good fortune helped him to be the most beloved dean ever to serve at our law school.
might serve to alter care by illuminating the possibility of death warrants further investigation.
The next time that set of differentia is encountered, it serves to identify the problem in much the same way that a physician, encountering a combination of chest rash, high fever, Koplik's spots, diagnoses (for which read `names') an affliction as measles.
He is a friend of several members of Starr's staff and is especially close to Starr's chief deputy, Hickman Ewing, with whom he served as a U.S. attorney during the Reagan administration.
This was the claim made, if memory serves, for the budget hashed out between Congress and George Bush in the extended wrangle of 1990.
He found, as he reports in the American Journal of Physics , that Sampras' famous serve is generated by a "dead spot" five centimeters from the tip of the racket, where the ball doesn't bounce at all.
Southwest's response actually served to anger M. more than the original problem.
Like other folklore genres, riddles serve a function, helping children learn to interpret facts and form an opinion.
The egg serves to extract the fever from the ill person, and is then broken into a bowl of water and placed under the bed of the person.
We then demonstrated that the shared molegos served a similar role in substrate binding by comparing the DNA binding profile of huAPE1 with that for the less specific enzyme DNase 1. The molegos present in both enzymes interact with target DNA in a similar fashion, while residues in molegos distinctive for APE1 control specificity by binding primarily to the bases around the apurinic site.
PG officials note the "water authority serving both counties insists it has enough water to last into November" even with no rain till then.
In the 13 th century, courts commonly required custodians to serve defendants' punishments in their stead when their wards skipped, even if this meant standing in for a hanging.
The inhibition of 46 kDa and 70 kDa binding to III1-C by heparin suggests that these HSPGs may serve as receptors for III1-C in cell adhesion and ERK1/2 signaling.
All that mattered was that it served France’s interests.
After many years of effort, State General Assembly appropriated funds in 1999 ($250,000) to serve the civil needs of victims of domestic and family violence and $400,000 in fiscal year 2000.
The weeping minister spoke in Largo, Fla., as he was sentenced to five and a half years in prison for swindling more than $4 million from the National Baptist Convention USA, the country's largest black denomination, while serving as its president.
His outstanding leadership skills will serve Cathedral exceptionally well.
The campus also can serve as a community forum, sponsoring public lectures by authorities on issues in the news.
Also, groups that served specific audiences had established lists of pertinent organizations that were allowed to participate as members and receive information of specific interest to that group.
But Dolloff said there is a "huge need" for the services, and the new center will "get us much further along in terms of our ability to serve that need."
17 This study serves as an essential input to our estimates of the benefits of recreational visibility improvements.
However, conservation of this region of the protein suggests that it is functionally important, perhaps serving as a protein interaction domain as is the case for a leucine rich-region in CCR4 [ 32, 37, 43]
Local hotels with drink licenses can serve guests later than 11, often until the guests themselves decide to call it a night.
But literature, now serving an ever-wider audience, produced few masterworks, and philosophy saw no new developments.
"Science and authority come together to serve each other, to make money and murder fat."
Intentionally or not, Flynt served Clinton well.
Traffic roars down the broad Corso Umberto I to the pivotal Piazza Municipio to serve the docks or spin off into the commercial district behind Santa Lucia, the teeming historic center of Spaccanapoli, or the residential districts of Vomero and Posillipo.
Located 50 km (30 miles) north of Paris, Chantilly is celebrated for its château, its elegant racecourse and stables, and, not least, for the crème chantilly (whipped cream) typically served on hot waffles.
The Bradley story serves up a memorable line from Jim Nicholson, the chairman of the Republican National Committee, who calls Bradley "Dukakis with a jump shot."
Motomachi was the first area developed in the Meiji period to serve Western shoppers, and it has kept pace with the movements of fashion ever since.
Meanwhile, voters younger than Bush know little of the military and therefore tend to be impressed that he served at all rather than concerned with how he served.
But would censure serve his legacy better than a trial would?
It’s not the sort of place poets would eulogize, yet for nearly a century (398–494) it served as the capital of the Northern Wei Dynasty.
The new glossy would serve as a launching pad for articles that could later be turned into films or television shows.
The Commission determined almost twenty years ago that there was a need for specialized rules to facilitate Postal Service mail classification requests involving proposed new services, or changes in existing services, that were intended to serve as experiments.
The truth is that as a senator he was serving the interests of the whole country, including New Jersey, while as a presidential candidate he has abandoned the national interest in favor of a small group of farmers.
In other cases, incidents at other organizations had served as a "wake-up call."
Participants expressed concern that disincentives such as legal liabilities, including financial and reputation risks, may limit a board's ability to attract the right people to serve over time.
I am proud to say that we served the Congress and the American people well in fiscal year 2000.
To that end, Mrs. [Jean] Kennedy Smith should cease to serve as her country's Ambassador to the Republic of Ireland."
By "physical terrain" we mean the physical proximity of the delivery points and whether they are most advantageously served by a curb, park & loop, or foot route.
Such assertions serve to disparage the reputations of the thousands of Andersen professionals who did their job right every day and to the very end.
In other words, these charges are very recent fabrications that have suddenly surfaced in the press to serve political ends.
Mosques, schools, and boardinghouses served as recruiting stations in many parts of the world, including the United States.
Under the reign of Qianlong the temple served as the chief center of Tibetan Buddhism (Yellow Hat sect) outside of Lhasa.
The center reportedly now serves more patients with eight fewer full-time staff members and anticipates that savings from the first year of the new outpatient program will be $600,000-with no lessening in the quality of patient care.
In September 1993--less than a year after he'd presided over New York's Court of Appeals--the 63-year-old first-time offender began serving an 11-month term in federal prison.
This subject often arises in pubs and restaurants where food is served.
Blackman, a writer for Time who has served as both Washington bureau chief and Moscow correspondent, sketches a virtually identical biography, but her view of Albright is more personalized.
, mileage, delivery boxes, quantity of mail by shape, etc.) to calculate the total evaluated time required to serve a rural route, and thus the salary of the carrier serving that route.
This is particularly important considering that within a few hundred base pairs, there are several potentially functional polymorphisms which show apparently independent disease associations with severe malaria [ 1 2 3 ] . Alternatively, these TNF SNPs may be serving as neutral markers of functional polymorphisms elsewhere in the central MHC.
An Army Ranger is no doubt deserving of an ample extra reward when he's jumping out of planes and sleeping in a foxhole, but not when he's serving as a clerical assistant at the Pentagon, returning to his nice suburban home every night in time for dinner with his family.
The Iraqis continue to attack the U.N. program for "serving United States and British interests," rather than the world's.
It has been reported that the amino group serves as one of VO 2+equatorial ligands in CF 1 -ATPase [ 21 ] , pyruvate kinase [ 19 20 ] , AdoMet synthetase [ 17 18 ] , and carboxypeptidase [ 16 ] . Thus one amino group from lysine, one carboxyl group from aspartate or glutamate, and two oxygens from the phosphates of ADPNP serve as the equatorial ligands of sCD39 bound VO 2+in the presence of ADPNP.
According to island lore, the daughters of noble families spent their youth in these small cells serving the native gods.
70," he wrote, "the jarrings of parties [in Congress], though they may sometimes obstruct salutary plans, yet often promote deliberation and circumspection, and serve to check excesses in the majority."
In addition, if the user was later involved in a security violation, the statement served as evidence that he or she had been informed of organizational policies.
The government can also levy property held by third parties, such as wages or money deposited in a bank, and served 2.7 million notices of levy in 1995.
Shortly after earning her law degree, Zelon joined the American Bar Association's young lawyers division, where she served on and chaired several pro bono and public-service committees.
The coordinated vitamin D-dependent induction of the cytosolic calcium-binding protein calbindin D could serve this function when the need for transcellular calcium flux is high by acting directly or indirectly as a molecular sponge and selectively removing calcium ions from the CaT1 channel and/or to buffer increases in intracellular calcium, thereby preventing premature inactivation of this I CRAC channel [ 15 ] . Calbindin D could also play its traditionally conceived role as a calcium chaperone protein to facilitate the transfer of calcium through the cytosol [ 32 ] and perhaps delivery of Ca ++to the basolateral ATP-dependent calcium pump for extrusion out of the enterocyte [ 33 ] .
The central features of the Results Act-strategic planning, performance measurement, and public reporting and accountability-can serve as powerful tools to help change the basic culture of government.
A competitive postal service that refused to serve households on unprofitable
Several commentators think that Jones may win her appeal, though all admit that any trial will occur after Clinton's presidency (Will; Taylor; Charles Krauthammer, Inside Washington ). An upcoming Supreme Court case, which will clarify legal principles in the Jones case, piques the curiosity of a few court-watchers (Taylor; Blankley; Sam Donaldson, This Week ). Gigot ( NewsHour ) thinks Jones' advisers are inept, while Totenberg believes they are more interested in serving right-wing conspirators than her interests.
Edo expanded rapidly to accommodate Ieyasu’s 80,000 retainers and their families and the myriad common people who served their daily needs.
The paper said, "[T]he development has served as a sobering reminder of Japan's inability to play a meaningful political role in the ethnic dispute."
All of them, Democrats and Republicans, are so cautious about image that whatever "real" characteristics seep out they serve as kind of personality tea leaves.
Henry’s, at the Henry Grattan lounge in Baggot Street, serves good food.
Hong Kong could serve as China's political "laboratory," proving that free elections and the rule of law are not destabilizing.
Through your generous support you verify the importance of the Indianapolis Civic Theatre to the community it serves.
Cynthia Gorney's new history of the conflict over abortion could serve as an advertisement for an imperiled form of journalism: the long, meticulously researched narrative of ideas in which unglamorous noncelebrities drive the action.
They have been and are still enormously influential in this country’s economic life, often serving as all-important go-betweens in the sometimes immensely difficult relations between Hindus and Muslims, and between India and Pakistan.
When McCain calls upon the rest of us to serve, he asks from a position of utter credibility, based on what he sacrificed in serving.
A year ago, there were still Apple products in the pipeline and on store shelves that were older models or that served markets in which the company was never going to thrive.
Together they had a force of 130 attorneys and the responsibility to serve the civil legal needs of about 550,000 poor and vulnerable people throughout the state.
In a sense, individual accounts could serve as a way to channel saving through the government into resources for private investment while avoiding issues associated with government ownership of nonfederal assets.
The seven regional programs serving all 87 Minnesota counties are known collectively as the Minnesota Legal Services Coalition.
The investigators say 1) they found no other problems (contrary to previous reports that IOC officials were given meals, geishas, and other favors); 2) they regret that Nagano's bid committee burned its records years ago; and 3) the fact that all the investigators sit on the Japanese committee and that some served on the Nagano bid committee posed no conflict of interest.
This year we will serve over 1,000 girls through our mentoring programs.
"I think it's refreshing to see someone leave public office and not cash in, and do something he really does care about," said Dent, who served as spokesman for Democratic Gov.
As a result, corporations have little to fear from boycotts unless consumers commit themselves to maintaining the boycotts even when they serve no purpose.
When asked what he stands for, Bush replies, "Honesty, integrity, serving for the right reasons."
Over the summer, the office reapplied for a federal grant to serve Passaic County in the coming year.
Chrysler wanted the building to serve as a billboard for his company.
The spot serves up a sanitized, sitcom version of the grand melting pot; the images of diversity are carefully calibrated, almost disingenuously casual.
Earlier this summer, an out-of-town friend and I were taking in the Ballard Seafood Festival, an annual celebration of music, troll dolls, and pickled herring in the Seattle neighborhood that serves as Scandinavia's unofficial outpost.
Fas contains a single transmembrane domain and belongs to the tumor necrosis factor (TNF)/nerve growth factor family [ 8 ] . FasL contains a single transmembrane domain and is also a member of the same TNF family [ 9 ] . A soluble form of FasL has been described, but appears to be less capable of inducing apoptosis, when compared with the bound form [ 10 11 ] . The binding of FasL with Fas initiates receptor oligomerization, which recruits Fas-associated death domain (FADD) [ 12 ] . FADD binds procaspase-8 and permits activation of caspase-8 through self-cleavage [ 13 ] . Caspase-8 activates the effector caspases, which commits the cell to the orderly process of apoptosis [ 14 15 ] . In addition, caspase-8 cleaves Bcl-2-interactive-death-agonist (Bid) [ 16 ] . Truncated Bid localizes to the mitochondria and promotes cytochrome c release; this process also serves as a major apoptotic-signaling pathway for Fas [ 16 17 18 ] . Depending upon the amount of caspase-8 that is activated, the predominant pathway can be either Bid cleavage with subsequent mitochondrial release of cytochrome c or activation of the effector caspase pathway [ 18 ] . Resident cells of the kidney express both Fas and FasL and Fas/FasL signaling is functional in these cells [ 19 20 21 22 23 24 ] . A recent review by Ortiz and associates [ 25 ] noted that the combined literature demonstrating participation of Fas/FasL pathway in renal injury essentially fulfilled Koch's postulates.
Despite their inability to precisely compare the costs of controls with reductions in risk, the organizations said that risk assessments still served their primary purpose of ensuring that the risk implications of new and existing applications were explored.
None of the papers mentions that such evacuations not only serve the obvious purpose, but also reduce Hussein's ability to deploy foreign "human shields."
The paper, which serves as a lifeline for dispossessed Kosovars, is lukewarm on the KLA and favors the establishment of an international protectorate.
LLWO2F cell extracts (50 ug) were immunoprecipitated with approximately 1 ug of isoform-specific rabbit antiserum to PP1α as previously described [ 38 ] . Immunoprecipitation with 1 ug of normal rabbit serum served as a negative control.
should serve to open eyes and minds in the western world and give Indian apologists their useful insights into New Delhi's unreconstructed hegemonic intentions."
Another Web site, www.MDJustice.org, assists legal services and private pro bono lawyers to better serve low- and moderate-income clients.
This area was also known as the Court of the Janissaries, after the crack military corps that served as the sultan’s bodyguard and used it as an assembly ground while on duty at the palace (the name derives from the Turkish yeni çeri, meaning “new army”).
for a unit serving a generator before the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of2002, a unit in a State serving a generator with a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 megawatts that produced or produces electricity for sale during 2001 or any year thereafter, except for a cogeneration unit that produced or produces electricity for sale equal to less than one-third of the potential electrical output of the generator that it served or serves during 2001 and each year thereafter; and
Texas Rural Legal Aid - known for its fearless and sometimes controversial advocacy of the poorest of the poor - last week took over four other corporations serving the legal needs of the indigent in Southwest Texas, including the one in Bexar County.
Many observers believe that cream skimmers in the United States would serve cities and leave rural areas to the universal service provider because they assume that the cost of delivery to rural areas is much higher than the cost of delivery to cities.
It also serves as an officially recognized ISAC for combating computer-based attacks on the electric power industry.
2A, seven single α subunits first form the α ring, which serves as the template for seven β subunits to assemble the β ring.
Through the enactment of the framework and its efforts to foster the framework's implementation, Congress has, in effect, served as an institutional champion for improving the management of the federal government, providing a consistent focus for oversight and reinforcement of important policies.
Like all these shows, Crossfire often falls for spin, serves the establishment, legitimizes phonies, and in general misses the point completely.
The flu crisis caused the Cathay Pacific airline to stop serving chicken on its flights to Taiwan, where panic was high, though it continued to serve Brazilian frozen chicken on other flights.
In other words, hierarchical matches must occur between the reference genome, query genome number 1 and query genome number 2 in order for CoreGenes to identify BLAST matches between the reference genome and the query genome number 2. A visual presentation of this is shown in Figure 3(top panel), where the genomes are aligned with the reference genome serving as the "x-axis."
Henry M. Greenberg, a partner in the Albany, N.Y., firm Couch White who previously served 14 years in state government, was made chair of a standing state bar committee assigned to work with the Bar Foundation to put the plan into operation.
The problems of binding a 3800-page book are formidable, but it can be done, and I believe that OUP customers would have been better served by being offered a one-volume edition (perhaps with a needed lectern of its own), enabling the NSOED to compete more readily with the other main contenders among large dictionaries, the MWIII and the Random House Unabridged .
As these “false stations” gained credence with pilgrims, the Franciscan monks living in the area decided that faith could be served by accommodating the fabrications, and so legend was allowed to became “reality. ”
All of these transcripts serve to bypass the mutated splice donor site; either by splicing over exon 7, activating a cryptic splice site within exon 7, or transcribing through exon 7 into the adjacent ETn sequences.
First come, first served and, be warned, the Shopping Avenger looks askance at the bearing of false witness.
The inhibitory action of 4-AP on progesterone production was investigated further using not only primary cultures, but also the spontaneously established granulosa cell line, PGC-2 [ 19 ] . Although PGC-2 lack FSH receptors, these cells can serve as a useful in vitro model for GC function, because they produce cAMP in response to forskolin and synthesize progesterone and estradiol when supplied with appropriate substrates.
Human papillomaviruses (HPV) serve as an ideal model system for determining the efficiency and feasibility of eSensor DNA detection technology since there are at least 30 distinct genital HPV types that can be effectively amplified with broad-range consensus PCR primers [ 9 ] . We designed two eSensor chips, each containing 14 probes specific for the conserved L1 region of the HPV genome.
Previous studies have shown that TNFα, like other death receptors, stimulates the accumulation of the second messenger ceramide, and that this lipid signaling molecule can serve as an upstream activator of cell stress signaling pathways [ 41 ] . Measurements of total cellular ceramide in CLENDO cells revealed that ceramide levels were significantly elevated (P < 0.05) as early as 2 min following TNFα treatment, and remained elevated through 30 min of treatment (Fig.
The new nationalism led Piedmont into the Italian orbit at the head of the Risorgimento unification movement, and the House of Savoy served as Italy’s reigning royal family from 1861 to 1946, with Turin serving ever so briefly as the capital of the newly unified Italy in 1861.
I hope that all key parties will take the necessary steps to address any real and perceived problems that serve to undercut public trust and confidence.
To the right lie the enormous Palace Kitchens, which house a collection of European crystal, Chinese porcelain, Ottoman serving dishes, and cooking im­ple­­ments.
Jimbaran Beach is famous for its restaurants that serve fresh grilled fish and seafood on the beach.
I didn't serve on 29 journal boards and 82 advisory committees over the course of one year, as Slate suggests, but over the course of some 22 years.
The CBF images were constructed from a pixel-by-pixel least square fit for blood flow and partition coefficient [ 13 14 ] . The MRI T1 template was downloaded from the Montreal Neurological Institute http://www.bic.mni.mcgill.ca/ [ 15 ] . This served as a template for spatially registering the PET data.
He served as right-hand man/enforcer for both Australian media magnate Kerry Packer and recently deceased British billionaire Sir James Goldsmith.
By serving as a readily available resource for organization employees, they helped clear up misunderstandings and provided guidance on topics that were not specifically addressed in written guidance.
Wedged between Europe and the Muslim territories, Barcelona served as a channel for the exchange of scientific knowledge and scholarship.
First, type IV chick ovoinhibitor may not be acting as an inhibitor in our system as it has been demonstrated to be ineffective in other systems [ 34 35 36 ] . Alternatively, if it is serving as a protease inhibitor, it may inactivate a molecule different from that affected by PN-1 and, in doing so, generate an environment permissive for neuronal migration.
But we have seen grounds to be deeply suspicious of the claim that we can finitely prestate all possible exaptations  whether they be new organic functionalities or new goods  that arise in a biosphere or an econosphere, such as Gertrude learning to fly in her terrified leap from the pine tree million years ago last Friday or the engineers working on the tractor suddenly realizing that the engine block itself could serve as the chassis.
He and Broker later began the Mediation Center in Savannah, with both serving on the nonprofit's first board.
Built on reclaimed marshland, as its name suggests, the Marais contains some of Europe’s most elegant Renaissance mansions (hôtels), many of which now serve as museums and libraries.
Here's a thought: Maybe Black, Scholes, and Merton were interested in serving the public good, and the giveaway was strictly for the betterment of humanity!
Our people are our most valuable asset and it is only through their combined efforts that we can effectively serve our clients and our country.
Built in 1840, it served as the town jail until 1905.
! Describing the benefits that services such as community legal education, pro se assistance and referrals to community agencies provide to the communities served by LSC grantees.
2) Kennedys used to die while serving their country.
The corporate-welfare-dispensing Department of Commerce is an obvious candidate, since it mostly serves a big-business constituency with an array of subsidies and favors.
bPark and loop refers to a route where the carrier parks his or her vehicle and serves a group of
By day it serves classic cantina fare, by night it clamors with the sound of conversation mixed with the best in contemporary recorded Mexican music.
The PCR-Select cDNA Subtraction and PCR-Select Differential Screening Kits (Clontech Laboratories Inc.) were used to enrich for and identify differentially expressed genes in the driver and tester cDNAs [ 48 49 ] . Both forward- and reverse-subtraction were performed; untreated HUVEC cDNA served as driver and VEGF-treated HUVEC cDNA served as tester in the former, whereas untreated HUVEC cDNA served as tester and VEGF-treated HUVEC cDNA served as driver in the latter [ 48 49 ] . Target cDNA fragments were amplified using the Marathon™ cDNA Amplification Kit, subcloned into pCR ®2.
This clinic serves a population from the middle and upper-middle class suburbs of San Diego County.
, the narrator praises the senator for serving South Carolina for "most of this century."
(Well, this Thursday we were still serving up Wednesday's edition for a good part of the morning, but that's a different story.)
Here we suggest that a standardized visual biological description language would provide more readable and less ambiguous communication and, with computational implementation, provide a basis for distributed searchable archives of functional (as opposed to structural) knowledge, and serve as a 'computer-aided design' (CAD) language for simulating and analyzing biological systems.
The sections reacted with the sense probe served as a control for non-specific background signal.
Sequence for the mutant sec13 and sec23 alleles were cloned using the same oligonucleotide pairs with genomic DNA from SWY2324 or SWY2325, serving as template.
All this caching means pages are served more quickly, but it does become harder for a Web site to know how often its pages have actually appeared on someone's screen.
The California EIP (CEIP) surveillance for cryptosporidiosis covers eight Northern California counties in the San Francisco Bay Area (San Francisco, Alameda, Contra Costa, San Mateo, Santa Clara, Solano, Sonoma, Marin) serving an estimated population of over six million people.
Reconstructed after a fire in 1973, it serves today as the government secretariat and meeting place of parliament.
for a unit serving a generator before the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of2002, a unit in a State serving a generator with a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 megawatts that produced or produces electricity for sale during 2001 or any year thereafter, except for a cogeneration unit that produced or produces electricity for sale equal to less than one-third of the potential electrical output of the generator that it served or serves during 2001 and each year thereafter; and
The census of 1931 served as an alarm signal for the Malay national consciousness.
And I think that would require those who wanted to serve in on the position of--on the Joint Chiefs to be in agreement with that policy.
I like your conspiracy theory, but where most such theories fall apart on the unlikelihood of the conspirators being sufficiently organized to carry off such a thing, yours falls apart on the unlikelihood of any alternative candidate's being sufficiently disorganized not to understand the benefits of serving the interests of corporate oil.
The implication was that states could readjust private rights and obligations among their own citizens if doing so served the overall advantage of the state’s residents.
He says he had mixed feelings about being asked to serve as Gore's "security escort."
Moreover, this report serves to clarify the activation profiles of many previously uncharacterised ligands in cells expressing only μ opioid receptors, thus leading to a better understanding of the mechanism of action of these drugs.
David Plotz's polemic as to the citizenship of Winnie-the-Pooh serves only to stoke the fires of controversy swirling around the five unfortunate dolls.
If you disagree--then compare Martha Stewart Living with Architectural Digest . If the great unwashed wish to serve beer in bottles and an open bag of chips and Velveeta on triskits on the picnic table out back, as opposed to Martha-inspired delicacies-crudités and margaritas, so what?
But Greenspan's labyrinthine speaking style serves him well in those situations.
The state treats people not as citizens it serves and protects but as suckers it will swindle.
Along with all members of the GAO team, I look forward to using these protocols to continue to serve the Congress for the benefit of the American people.
Thus, unlike the infection of cells by free adenoviral vectors, the collision of viral particles with the cell surface and the amount of the primary receptor for adenoviral vectors (coxsackie-adenovirus receptor; CAR) on target cells might not serve as the primary determinants for the permissivity of the cells.
This relieves the carrier from the need to travel back down a road to serve curbside boxes on the other side
Participants also discussed the appropriateness of the chief executive officer (CEO) serving as chairman of the board of directors, which could present potential conflicts resulting from a single individual functioning in these dual roles.
The AQP1-mediated ion conductance may contribute measurably to the function of tissues in which AQP1 is abundantly expressed, such as in the mammalian renal proximal tubule [ 13 ] . Further work is needed to assess the additional levels of regulatory control that may constrain the availability of the AQP1 proteins to serve as ion channels gated by cGMP, within a background of constitutive water channel activity.
We issued our first-ever Accountability Report to the Congress discussing our performance and accountability in serving the Congress and the American people in fiscal year 1999.
for a unit commencing service of a generator on or after the date of enactment ofthe Clear Skies Act of 2002, a unit in a State serving a generator that produces electricity for sale during any year starting with the year the unit commences service of a
Q: Will Food Be Served?
Ratings based on audit findings serve as an independent measure of control effectiveness and management awareness.
Four chief reasons are the mobility of the client population, language barriers involved in serving a non-English speaking population, the high costs incurred in cases involving aliens, and the lack of any potential for large fee awards.
Dutch central banker Wim Duisenberg, the candidate supported by all European Union members except France, will "voluntarily" serve only half of his statutory eight year term and will then be replaced by the governor of the Bank of France, Jean-Claude Trichet.
This ink stamp served as an official signature and seal.
The liberal spin: He served justice by evolving from a law-and-order moderate into a flaming liberal.
Dr Mahoney previously served as a former member and Chair of the Tar Wars Advisory Board, American Academy of Family Physicians He continues as a Program Advisor for Tar Wars.
This is true even though I've served on the front lines of the purported "battles" famed in the lore and legend of the software industry.
Like the '80s activists who used the phrase "economic democracy" as their euphemism for socialism, Rosen cribs the word "democracy" to serve as a vague stand-in for the Deweyan utopia he wants us to build.
After the pogrom, the old structure served a bizarre variety of purposes — as a Catholic chapel, a convent for “fallen” women, army barracks, and quartermaster’s depot.
Restaurants may continue to serve "peanut sauce" in dishes such as Kung Pao Chicken, but that sauce may no longer contain actual peanuts.
The capital of Naxos, Hora, sits on the western coastline and is served by a rather breezy but extremely busy port.
Contract routes serve 1.4 million delivery points.
A few Democrats believe that a full trial can serve the nation and the party.
He deserves freedom on "humanitarian" grounds: He has served far longer than anyone else convicted of spying for an ally.
In the rapidly changing health care arena, this chair will serve as an important symbol of the shared commitment of the school and profession in Indiana.
When the first Strategic Plan was published, and adopted clients served as a performance measure, the LSC Inspector General decided there was a need to determine the accuracy of the grantees' reports on which the measure was based.
And it would certainly not have served him adequately in the present political climate.
Thermocycler conditions for a PE9600 were as follows: 94°C for 5 min, followed by 10 cycles of 94°C for 30 s, 71°C for 30 s, 72°C for 4 min; followed by one cycle of 94°C for 30 s, 68°C for 4 min 20 s, followed by 17 additional cycles each adding 20 s to each extension; final extension at 72°C for 10 min. 5 μl of a 1:50 dilution of the product from the first RACE reaction served as template for the second nested RACE reaction.
The directive also encouraged the creation of ISACs that could serve as mechanisms for gathering, analyzing, appropriately sanitizing, and disseminating information to and from infrastructure
Great Britain has refused to become part of the euro currency zone, so there's something ironic about a British company serving as the avatar of globalization, European-style.
Her skills as an operator served her own career: When she arrived in Congress in 1979, she quickly inserted herself under the wing of House Speaker Tip O'Neill.
Having served as Clinton's bodyguards when he was governor, the troopers later told the Los Angeles Times and the American Spectator about his sexual exploits.
It is debatable whether friendships with Libya and Cuba actually serve South Africa's interests today.
He later served on American Sensors' board, but insists there was no quid pro quo.
It's true that China's financial interests are best served by stifling its anger.
But only the WP explains why: He has never served in the armed forces and while serving as the government's science and technology minister, is known to have antagonized some of the top brass by forcing them to make certain technical purchases.
for a unit serving a generator before the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of2002, a coal-fired unit in a State serving a generator with a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 megawatts that produced or produces electricity for sale during 2001 or any year thereafter, except for a cogeneration unit that produced or produces electricity for sale equal to less than one-third of the potential electrical output of the generator that it served or serves during 2001 and each year thereafter; and
The siRNAs are incorporated into a macromolecular complex which carries out degradation of homologous RNA sequences [ 14 ] . Dicer action serves to inhibit viral infection and retroposon movement, and also plays a role in developmental pathways by cleaving precursors to small regulatory RNAs (reviewed in [ 14 15 ] ). The predicted sequence of the mouse Dicer polypeptide exhibits a single dsRBM and tandem catalytic domains.
I woke up one morning and was served a filthy kosher breakfast, and I realized that I was in Tel Aviv."
Inefficient manufacturing sectors served their domestic markets, sheltered behind import quotas, but generated few jobs.
Testis sections served as additional positive controls with each batch of processed slides, and abundant apoptotic cells were always detected.
While Legal Aid's efforts historically have been aimed at helping the poorest of the poor Co because of funding limitations, only about 20 percent of eligible potential clients are served Co some recent technological innovations will also help meet the civil legal needs of both low- and moderate-income folks.
He has erected, at enormous expense, a European-style capital city, Yamoussoukro, in the interior of the country, and furnished it with, among other things, an embarrassingly gauche, oversized Roman Catholic basilica rumored to be larger even than St. Peter's in Vatican City--all this supposedly to serve the spiritual needs of the country's francisized Catholics, who constitute no more than 12% of the country's 11 to 12 million people.
This makes the book subclass very inefficient at serving those for whom it was established.
In an editorial, it added, "It is painful, pathetic, pointless, serving only to create a flood of McCarthyite smear and counter-smear; the Republicans want blood, preferably blood tested for the President's DNA.
And whether or not a documentary succeeds, Moyers always serves as a tonic to television's mad rush.
Its use for masking purposes requires its application onto the corneal stoma at a temperature of 49°C where it can be molded to form a stable lenticule that serves as the final masking agent.
These two documents define the mission of the state's civil legal assistance delivery system, express key "Equal Justice Values" and attempt to identify corresponding "Core Capacities," to serve the mission.
Typical of the American influence is the 1789 French Declaration of the Rights of Man, which provides in the second part of Article 6: “The law must be the same for everyone, regardless whether it serves to protect or to punish.”
Conscious of its responsibility before God and humanity, possessed of the will to serve the peace of the world as an equal member of a United Europe, the German nation [Volk] commits itself, by virtue of its inherent constitution-making authority, to the following Basic Law.
Israel botched an assassination attempt on a Hamas leader . According to various reports, Israel 1) infuriated Jordan by infiltrating that country and staging the attack there; 2) infuriated Canada and other countries by forging Canadian passports for the Israeli agents; 3) bungled the attack, leading to the agents' arrest; 4) was forced to release the founder of Hamas (who was serving a life sentence) and other Hamas prisoners from Israeli jails and to supply an antidote for the lethal nerve toxin used in the attack, in order to assuage Jordan's anger; and 5) aroused such fury at Israel and sympathy for Hamas that Yasser Arafat reportedly will have to release the Hamas prisoners he has rounded up and reopen Hamas institutions.
These two men had been sent to America to serve as muscle hijackers and had arrived at Dulles Airport on May 2. Rababah drove Hanjour to Fairfield, Connecticut, followed by Hazmi, who had Moqed and Ghamdi in his car.
A number of programs in New York that are funded by the IRS rely heavily on volunteer lawyers to serve clients, including The Brooklyn Low-Income Taxpayer Clinic of South Brooklyn Legal Services and the Low Income Taxpayer Clinic operated by The Legal Aid Society's Volunteer Division.
Help us continue to serve Indiana and the state's youth through the extraordinary experience of theatre professionals providing professional theatre handcrafted for our community.
But, implicitly, the choice serves a more didactic purpose as well.
Sher-Mandal, the octagonal tower due south of the mosque, served as the General’s pleasure-palace, but it was to be the death of his rival and successor, Humayun (see page 39).
Such distinctions are hard to substantiate and deny the fact that alternative spellings can serve the purpose of being eye-catching or distinctive, or even creating a social tie.
Highlights of a century's correspondence include a 1925 letter to the editor from Adolf Hitler complaining that the magazine wrongly said he served a six-month prison sentence when he actually served 13 months.
We would expect the extent and implications of this financial impact to vary according to both hospital characteristics and the populations served.
Three groups of wine drinkers served as subjects for a variety of experiments.
The adaptor protein Cas has a N-terminal SH3 domain, a large number of tyrosines that serve as potential kinase substrates within its substrate domain and a C-terminal Src binding domain (Fig.
Three criteria were used to select putative ORs from this set: high overall sequence similarity, the presence of seven predicted transmembrane (TM) regions, and the presence of multiple positionally conserved sequence motifs, described in Materials and methods, that serve as signatures of this gene family.
A short distance away, next to the twin lighthouses — one old and one new — is a tiny fishermen’s cove with a stony beach that has a tiny restaurant, well, a shack really, that serves up the most delicious fresh fried fish (see page 139).
As an additional advantage, all of that pro bono service would be done by attorneys already familiar with and trained in the courts they would serve."
The purpose of the current investigation is to compare C-DVH's of the bladder and rectum in those patients who developed late treatment toxicity versus those patients who did not develop such toxicity, and, using the same groups of patients, to determine whether the biological-effective DVH (BED-DVH) can potentially serve as a better tool for such toxicity comparisons than the C-DVH.
In the U.S. about one fifth of the routes served by rural carriers are in high-density suburban areas.
They would become the nation of human dignity that served the cause of human flourishing and the sanctity of human life.
Other ambassadors who did not serve in the military but are buried in Arlington anyway: Former U.S.
For example, Rule 807, the so-called "catch-all exception," permits hearsay to be admitted if it is the best available evidence of a material fact and "the interests of justice will best be served by [its] admission"--a big window!
In recent weeks, we have been serving about 140,000 pages a day.
Twenty-seven infants were enrolled in the cholestasis group and 16 infants served as controls.
The man serves on the Boston Public Health Commission, where he has promoted the installation in office buildings and malls of.
These issues: drug lifestyle, role of baby's father, and attitudes of health care providers and staff emphasize the importance of developing healthcare policies that meet the perceived needs of the population served.
' Jones quotes Walpole as saying, “The French have tied up the hands of an excellent fanfaron, a Major Washington, whom they took and engaged to serve for a year.”
The other team, on which I served, stayed home and wrote papers about how he should govern after he got elected.
A onetime special forces officer, he had worked with Albright when she was ambassador to the United Nations and had served on the NSC staff with Clarke.
Endogenous circannual rhythms may serve to protect the timing of seasonal functions from noise in environmental cues [ 2 ] , and may improve seasonal timing by buffering variation in the detection or measurement of even the most reliable environmental cues, including photoperiod.
This statement harks back to a famous 1958 essay by the literary critic George Steiner, who asked "whether the German language had survived the Hitler era, whether words poisoned by Goebbels and used to regulate and justify Belsen could ever again serve the needs of moral truth and poetic perception."
For $14,000 a year, parents get daily progress reports while their toddlers are served salmon for lunch.
These slow flowing waters are infested with snails that serve as the vector for the schistosomal parasite.
Thus, BssHII should serve as negative control for the restriction enzyme digestion step.
The educational contract served as tangible commitment to learning.
By claiming to serve "working families," Clinton plays it both ways.
Failure to provide the information we are seeking serves to undercut the important principles of transparency and accountability in government.
Only 3 subjects reported consuming more than a 340 ml serving per week.
"The legal system marketplace just doesn't serve low-income people too well, except in fee-generat-ing type cases," Brewer said. "
Kathie Lee, endlessly chipper and extra-perfect, serves as superb foil for Regis' peevishness.
Arabidopsis probe elements serve as excellent negative controls when exogenous cRNA is not added to the labeling reaction.
Read about the crew’s diet of “salmagundi,” a stew of pickled herrings, meat, and eggs mixed with wine and vinegar, which served to both preserve the protein and disguise the taste.
In 1998, we <b>served</b> a total of 31,484 low-income individuals through job training and placement assistance, youth and senior programming, family counseling, emergency assistance, and much more.
Annually, we ask several of our youth <b>serving</b> organizations to join us in our effort to help young people grow up well in Indianapolis.
The contact plots of APE1 and DNase1 with their respective substrates (Figure 6) documents that the similar molegos in the proteins <b>serve</b> similar functions.
The federal government depends heavily on a variety of information technology products and services to <b>serve</b> the public.
After January 1, 2000 it shall be unlawful for any existing utility unit with a nameplatecapacity below 75 MWe and an actual 1985 emissions rate equal to, or greater than, 1.20 lbs/mmBtu which became operational on or before December 31, 1965, which is owned by a utility operating company with, as of December 31,1989, a total fossil fuel steam-electric generating capacity greater than 250 MWe, and less than 450 MWe which <b>serves</b> fewer than 78,000 electrical customers as of November 15, 1990 to exceed an annual sulfur dioxide emissions tonnage limitation equal to the
Those wishing to supplement their aging Webster's Third New International (Merriam, 1961) and unwilling to spend about thirty dollars more for the recent editions of the Random House Unabridged or World Book Dictionary would be very well <b>served</b> by the TBDNE . It should be noted, however, that the TBDNE , in including the work of its predecessors, represents a departure from their approach.
Yet few voters are likely to be impressed by a wedge of motherhood and apple pie, <b>served</b> with a topping of Third Way jargon."
Upstairs, the Salone dei Cinquecento was built in 1495 for the short-lived Florentine Republic before <b>serving</b> as Duke Cosimo’s throne room and, three centuries later, the chamber of Italy’s first national parliament.
A list of the schools <b>served</b> during the 1996-97 school year is enclosed.
The main street that leads to the Spanish Steps, despite its present concentration of elegant and renowned boutiques, has the most prosaic of names: Via Condotti , after the aged conduits that <b>serve</b> the nearby Trevi Fountain.
Accordingly, this pattern <b>served</b> as a good marker to identify divergent homologs of the classical N1pC/P60 family.
Next to the regalia sits the Stone of Destiny, or Stone of Scone, which historically <b>served</b> as the seat on which Scottish kings were crowned, a symbol of the land over which they would rule.
Haute couture was invented in the 1850s to <b>serve</b> private clients privately.
Teresa Morehead, a biology major, was <b>serving</b> on a hospital ship in Operation Desert Storm.
[ 16 ] In some cases these heuristics <b>serve</b> quite well; in other cases, they may lead to common, reproducible errors in judgment.
These issues are reflected in the goals and objectives of the plan and will <b>serve</b> as the guide for GAO's work priorities in the coming years.
Originally incorporated in 1923 as the Legal Aid Society of Albany, it now <b>serves</b> income- eligible clients in eight counties throughout the Capital Region.
These results demonstrate that opioid-mediated ERK activation occurs independently of EGFR transphosphorylation, and that the tyrosine-phosphorylated δ-OR may <b>serve</b> as the primary scaffold.
Its considerable campus <b>serves</b> 42,000 students, and the university museum, in a modern one-story structure nearby, exhibits contemporary Puerto Rican paintings and sculptures, along with archaeological evidence of the talents of the island’s original Indian inhabitants.
The building on the site dates from 1591 and <b>served</b> as a council chamber and courthouse for the town in addition to collecting tolls.
He has not been adequately <b>served</b> by a biographer unwilling or unable to understand the nightmare of Cold War epistemology, the place where politics and pathology become indistinguishable.
It now <b>serves</b> just the Government of West Bengal, but with an undiminished number of babus.
In a limited way, the Reagan speech <b>served</b> as guidance for his policies after he came into office.
The Chalet Kilauea, the hub of this little empire, <b>serves</b> gourmet breakfasts and afternoon teas.
The big hotels stayed in business by <b>serving</b> as billets for servicemen and civilian war workers.
Her skills as an operator <b>served</b> her own career: When she arrived in Congress in 1979, she quickly inserted herself under the wing of House Speaker Tip O'Neill.
As a result, 64 bottling plants were built in both theaters of battle, and 148 bottling technicians <b>served</b> there.
It also <b>serves</b> as a quick simple survey of the set of genomes in terms of BLAST matches.
Traffic roars down the broad Corso Umberto I to the pivotal Piazza Municipio to <b>serve</b> the docks or spin off into the commercial district behind Santa Lucia, the teeming historic center of Spaccanapoli, or the residential districts of Vomero and Posillipo.
Assess the needs of the communities <b>served</b> by the programs and the overall "system;"
(He had, after all, called his third memoir New York Jew .) When I suggested that what he was really doing was Judaizing Eliot, making him <b>serve</b> as an epigraph to Kazin's American-Jewish life-hungry odyssey, he laughed approvingly.
However, his clash with the old San Gabriel program resulted in litigation, bitter feelings and a mission that some say is not clearly focused on <b>serving</b> <b>poor</b> people.
Once inhabited by ancient Hawaiians, the island has since <b>served</b> as an Alcatraz for criminals, a cattle ranch, and — most recently — a bombing range for the U.S.
After years of neglect, when it <b>served</b> only the lake’s loading docks, railway depots, and factories, the waterfront has become a major attraction for Torontonians at play.
While a sörözo is often similar to a German bierstube, however, a borozó is rarely like a Parisian wine bar (and neither <b>serves</b> only beer or wine).
The main street, Queen Street, pays tribute to the Anglo-Saxon myth with its clock tower, white clapboard and red-brick houses, the grand Prince of Wales Hotel, tea shops <b>serving</b> buns and buttered scones, and the lovingly restored Niagara Apothecary (1866) displaying old-fashioned medicine jars in walnut cabinets under ornamental crystal gaslights.
for a unit commencing service of a generator on or after the date of enactment ofthe Clear Skies Act of 2002, a unit in a State <b>serving</b> a generator that produces electricity for sale during any year starting with the year the unit commences service of a generator, except for a gas-fired unit <b>serving</b> one or more generators with total
The Chongqing Museum, while poorly-lit and aging, does contain a collection of dinosaur eggs and two 3,000-year-old wooden boats that, suspended from the cliffs of the Yangzi, <b>served</b> as caskets for nobles in the days of the Ba Kingdom.
The rest of the abbey was raised to the ground in 1570, but the church was saved because it was a parish church and therefore <b>served</b> the local community.
The former mob-lawyer is crowd-pleasing, casino-friendly, and proud of his colorful past, just like the city he <b>serves</b>.
This is lined with duty-free shops selling liquor, perfume, cameras, CD players, video recorders, and electronic goods and British-style pubs <b>serving</b> pints of beer and bar lunches.
We present evidence that this module is likely to <b>serve</b> as a common denominator in protein-protein interactions in several distinct contexts, such as in secretory vesicles and on the Golgi peripheral membrane.
I watch the evening news because it comes on at dinner time and <b>serves</b> as background music to which we--my wife and I--don't have to pay much attention.
The paper, which <b>serves</b> as a lifeline for dispossessed Kosovars, is lukewarm on the KLA and favors the establishment of an international protectorate.
Even today, nicknames sometimes <b>serve</b> as a protective shield (as Fats , for example, might protect an obese person from even worse insults).
In response to receptor activation, Syk becomes non-covalently associated with the BCR through tandem SH2 domains located in the amino terminal half of the protein [ 44 ] . Following engagement of the BCR, phosphorylation of specific tyrosine residues in immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activation motifs (ITAMs) found within the cytoplasmic tails of CD79a and CD79b provides docking sites for Syk localization [ 45 46 47 ] . The ability of phosphorylated ITAM peptides to selectively enhance Syk kinase activity in vitro suggests that recruitment of Syk to the receptor complex may <b>serve</b> to activate the kinase, in part, through allosteric changes in the structure of the Syk protein [ 44 48 49 ] . Upon activation, Syk and the receptor complex become localized in detergent-resistant cholesterol-rich membrane microdomains (lipid rafts), resulting in the segregation of the BCR complex from other membrane components [ 50 ] .
Having <b>served</b> as Clinton's bodyguards when he was governor, the troopers later told the Los Angeles Times and the American Spectator about his sexual exploits.
The Community Legal Resources Network ''helps lawyers become economically viable so they can <b>serve</b> the <b>poor</b> and lower middle class, who often can't afford legal representation,'' said Dorothy Zellner, the law school's spokeswoman.
Harvard Vanguard Medical Associates (HVMA) is a multi-specialty group practice serving nearly 300,000 people in diverse ethnic and socioeconomic communities in and around Boston, Massachusetts.
We receive subventions subsidies; we give conferences lectures and lectures readings; we have several years of scholarity schooling; belong to syndicates unions; have fond souvenirs memories; attend colloques colloquia; serve as animators leaders; ride on the metro subway; and we eat hot dogs steamé all dress steamed hot dogs with the works.
Since the conformation corresponding to species D2 is found in the presence of ATP and is likely to be the conformation that releases bound VO +2-ADP, it is likely that the VO +2ligands are one phosphate and two carboxyl groups [ 25 ] . When ADP is the substrate and generates species D1, one water molecule and a combination of three groups between carboxyl groups and phosphates serve as the equatorial ligands of bound VO 2+on sCD39.
The web site will serve as a comprehensive portal for low-income Mainers seeking legal assistance information of any type, providing information from all of the state's legal services providers as well as state agencies and other sources of information and assistance.
But I believe that Clinton's performance, before and after his perjuries, has universally generated such a response of disapproval, ranging from cynicism to disgust, as to degrade the ability of the presidency to serve its function.
It also would provide relief from applying certain reductioninforce (RIF) provisions that could result in an even more unbalanced workforce than exists today and a consequent detrimental impact on our ability to serve the Congress.
Out of the 43 counties in the LSSM service region, Butler County has the fifth highest number of cases served in 2001 and the third largest number of attorney panel members.
If Hamm can score from 25 yards out on a shot struck with either foot on a full gallop, or tennis player Venus Williams can hit a serve 127 mph--faster than Andre Agassi was serving at Wimbledon this year--doesn't that force us to reconsider what it means to "play like a girl"?
The president's "cradle to grave" proposals (Pat Buchanan, The McLaughlin Group ) were likely to paralyze the Republicans, because nobody wants to go on record as being against child care (Paul Gigot, NewsHour ). Unless the Republicans slip out of the sleeper hold, Clinton's two initiatives will serve as "wedge issues" to separate the two parties in the minds of voters for the 1998 election (Tony Blankley, Late Edition ).
Non-low-income households served by tier I day care homes will be unaffected by tiering.
I wonder if I should have done things differently--perhaps whipped up a card and cash between serving courses?
He still gives time to the bar association, serving on the Pro Bono Committee. "
[ 9 ] and Wright [ 10 ] . DNA from dead cells might serve as a source of energy for bacterial cells.
The WP notes that in contrast to the 453-page report Starr served up in September, the day's discussions were distinctly "G-rated."
Through the method of SSH, we have detected several genes that may serve a vital role in differentiation, neurulation, as well as attachment and maintainence of pregnancy in the pig.
It had served, said the daily Le Figaro, "to open our eyes."
General aviation provides air transportation for the rest of the country by serving some 13,000 airports.
Subsequent British advisers served on a consultative State council alongside the Malay ruler, chiefs, and Chinese kapitans.
The data argue that the CD28 -cell may serve as a natural endpoint in the differentiation of CD8 +cells, as proposed by Effros et al [ 27 ] , where aging represents a "normal endpoint" that occurs after many years of immune activity, while AIDS represents an accelerated endpoint due to the increase rate in T cell formation during attempted compensation for CD4 +loss induced by HIV.
Due to this and the fact that dying cells were identified in the TM, iris, iris root and ciliary body, it was proposed that cell death may serve to open the deep angle recess and to create spaces in the TM and uveoscleral outflow routes.
Substantial data support the notion that ceramide serves as an upstream signaling molecule in the activation of other signaling pathways such as the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) superfamily [ 33 ] . In the present study quantitative measures were performed on members of the MAPK superfamily using antibodies that recognize only the phosphorylated, and presumptively active, forms of ERK, JNK, and p38.
The coverage makes it clear that one major issue Israel and Syria have to sort out is what to do about the Golan Heights, which Israel occupied during the 1967 Six Day War and which has served as a key security buffer for it ever since.
They are a product of the territory served and the current state of technology which would be employed by an efficient firm.
He says that Verner, Liipfert agreed to take on tobacco clients only after being persuaded that they were ready to mend their ways, and that a global settlement would serve the common good.
The Great Mosque (Qingzhen Dasi), built in the Ming Dynasty, serves the large Hui Muslim population that lives in the neighborhood.
It legally began to unravel when he had her served with divorce papers while she was returning home from a CAT scan to assess her injuries.
Note that "virtual" pooling serves as indirect evidence only.
Allegations of criminal wrongdoing that essentially served to cover for political differences wouldn't be likely to topple a president--even if they were technically accurate.
While such categorical divisions may serve for clinical or demographic use, many research studies have been hampered by the traditional classifications "small for gestational age" (SGA) and "large for gestational age" (LGA), historically defined as those infants below the 10 thor above the 90 thpercentile at each gestational age.
And he needs to prevent his allies in the teachers' unions from continuing to serve as gatekeepers to the profession.
Some participants suggested that perhaps serving as a director on a board should be a salaried position if shareholders were willing to bear the cost.
The exclusionary rule serves a clear purpose by discouraging overzealous police officers from inappropriate behavior.
A glutaraldehyde fixative (3% glutaraldehyde in 50% Holtfreter solution) served for the more recent work.
I wish boomer pundits would get over the guilt of not serving in Vietnam: They were right.
Bush's personnel moves serve him particularly well on social issues.
For example, we have indicated in recent testimony that DHS could serve to improve biomedical research and development coordination because of the current fragmented state of disparate activities.
Bin Ladin also soon selected four individuals to serve as suicide operatives: Khalid al Mihdhar, Nawaf al Hazmi, Khallad, and Abu Bara al Yemeni.
Joseph Paul Franklin, a white supremacist currently serving six life sentences for murder (and the man to whom the right-wing paranoid cult classic, The Turner Diaries , is dedicated), made a jailhouse confession in Flynt's shooting.
More pagan temple than church, it served as a mausoleum for the cultivated but cruel tyrant, Sigismondo Malatesta, and his mistress (later wife), Isotta degli Atti.
The Legal Services Corporation of Iowa, which serves 98 of Iowa's 99 counties, has absorbed the assets of the single county Polk County program and changed its name to Iowa Legal Aid, reflecting its expanded service area.
In addition, the questionnaire asked how the juice was stored, i.e. types of containers, and whether citrus juices and citrus peel were added during food preparation and/or food serving [ 28 ] . TQ asked about usual tea intake over the past year, as well as a lifetime consumption pattern and how the past year intake differed from the lifetime pattern (amount or type or preparation techniques).
Examine archives such as lists of persons served,computerized order records.
With his father seeking re-election to his Senate seat that fall, Gore Jr. enlisted in the Army and served as a reporter.
Grantee B also receives $30,000 in LSC funds, but only serves 500 clients at a cost-per case ratio of $600.
But they serve that with beef and put gravy on it, so I don't know what bread you spread your mint jelly on when it is served with lamb.
Here we show that the cytokines IFNγ, IP-10/CXCL10 and MIG/CXCL9 serve as effector molecules in SLC/CCL21-mediated anti-tumor responses.
It has been reported that the amino group serves as one of VO 2+equatorial ligands in CF 1 -ATPase [ 21 ] , pyruvate kinase [ 19 20 ] , AdoMet synthetase [ 17 18 ] , and carboxypeptidase [ 16 ] . Thus one amino group from lysine, one carboxyl group from aspartate or glutamate, and two oxygens from the phosphates of ADPNP serve as the equatorial ligands of sCD39 bound VO 2+in the presence of ADPNP.
Both PGE 2 and a cascade of proteolytic events that lead to extracellular matrix degradation have the potential for serving as paracrine regulators.
After all, one of Democracy in America 's insights was that vital democratic participation served as a kind of "school," where Americans learned how to build social and civic associations of all sorts.
Particularly, if the present results are replicated and identified in precancerous lesions, this may be useful in predicting the high-risk lesions to progression and serve as targets of treatment.
Otherwise, Fukuoka mainly serves as the launching point for your exploration of the bulk of Kyushu to the south.
These lawyers might make the case that even tobacco companies have rights, and that the public interest actually was served by getting these companies a better bargain.
As advertising budgets become more fragmented, it's easy to imagine a situation in which ad agencies serve primarily to orchestrate production teams, bringing in art directors and copywriters for specific ad campaigns rather than keeping a whole staff on hand.
, neurotensin and somatostatin) in the human brainstem could be suggested, since in almost all the nuclei, located in the dorsal brainstem of humans, immunoreactive fibers containing NK, neurotensin and somatostatin have been observed [ 33 34 ] . This observation is in agreement with the results found in the cat brainstem, in which a clear anatomical relationship between the three above-mentioned neuropeptides has been indicated [ 15 ] . Finally, we hope that our study will serve to compare the distribution of NK-ir structures found in normal human brainstems with those observed, in the future, in brainstems showing a given pathology (e.g.
Modern classifications serve as informatics devices capable of linking, integrating and retrieving information contained in diverse biological data sets.
This is a new chyron for Reed, who used to insist that he and the coalition did not serve Republicans but "the name that is above all names."
Assuming that some promoter element is required and is not provided by the 3-5 bp 5' of the transcription start, perhaps the telomere repeats serve this purpose (see [ 64 ] ). It is also possible that a promoter element resides internal to this region: we have identified a highly conserved sequence block in the gene's first intron and suggested that it might serve as a promoter element [ 65 ] .
7,8 The predicted changes in ozone concentrations from the Base Case to the Clear Skies Act serve as inputs to the health and welfare C-R functions of the benefits analysis, i.e., the Criteria Air Pollutant Modeling System (CAPMS).
The wire serves as both the angioplasty guidewire and provides protection from distal embolization.
As discussed below, the proposed rule would modify an existing reporting requirement applicable to all hospitals serving Medicare beneficiaries.
The final rule amends the Child and Adult Care Food Program regulations governing reimbursement for meals served in family day care homes by incorporating changes resulting from the Department's review of comments it received on a January 7, 1997, interim rule.
2 A competitor, City Mail, has served selected portions of the country but was twice forced into bankruptcy.
Having started out neutral, Ecevit had subsequently decided that Turkey's best interests in dealing with the Kurdish threat from northern Iraq would be better served by closer collaboration with the administration in Baghdad.
The name Kaczynski is, of course, most closely associated with the Unabomber, Ted Kaczynski , who is serving a life term in federal prison.
An AT-rich stretch of 19 nucleotides (74% A+T), which in other bacteria serves as the site of local unwinding of DNA after DnaA-DNA interaction, was located in non-coding sequence adjacent to dnaA (Fig.
Mancy Mintie's Uncommon Good organization pays the school debts of attorneys and health-care workers dedicated to serving those less fortunate.
One possibility is that the MIDAS site serves to attach protein ligands through a mechanism involving participation of a glutamate or aspartate residue on the ligand in the coordination of a Mg 2+ion at the MIDAS site of midasin, in a manner similar to that by which the MIDAS site in integrin I-domains appears to mediate attachment of collagen through the glutamate in the GFOGER binding motif [ 36 ] . Interestingly, the related RGE ligand-binding motif [ 41 ] occurs in a conserved region of the midasin AAA-domain (yeast, residues 1835-1838), as well as in the AAA-domain of Mg chelatases [ 32 ] . The presence of this consensus binding motif in the AAA domain raises the possibility of the midasin molecule folding back onto itself, with the M-domain becoming attached to one face of the AAA domain and perhaps regulating access to its central chamber, in a manner analogous to that in which the 19S proteasome regulator, also an AAA protein, controls access to the central proteolytic chamber of the proteasome [ 42 ] .
It cannot be compared with a dictionary, per se: its headwords serve more as a point of departure for McCully to hold forth on the myriad aspects of an activity—I hesitate calling fishing a “sport”— which he evidently knows and loves so well.
The capital of Bihar serves as a base for visits to the sanctuaries of Bodh Gaya, Rajgir, and Nalanda, but its bazaars, first-class sculpture museum, a major Sikh temple, and the views of the Ganga river make it worth at least a day of your time.
Because agency personnel serve as the primary source of information on the status of recommendations, GAO requests that the agency also provide it with a copy of the agency's statement of action to serve as preliminary information on the status of open recommendations.
However, the 1998 Report of the Legal Services/Pre Bono Committee, of the Judicial Advisory Council found that the ability of low- and middle-income Coloradans to obtain equal access to the legal system has been limited by the number of lawyers available and willing to serve them and by the growing complexity of the law.
Threats don't serve him very well."
Several groups developed a more direct approach for determining occupancy by analyzing effects on the composition of the final complex, after in vitro reconstitution, when amino acid residues in LHCPs were replaced with substitutes that are unable to serve as a ligand.
She'll have to if the Star is accurate when it reports that Jackson has talked about Rowe serving as a surrogate mother for a child artificially conceived between Jackson and Presley.
Day traders and technical-trading firms now account for a significant percentage of each day's volume on both the Nasdaq and the NYSE, and by essentially trading stocks among themselves--and serving as buyers and sellers for the rest of us--they have contributed massively to share turnover.
The other, John Von Neumann, may not have been clinically insane, but he did serve as the real-life model for the title character in Stanley Kubrick's Dr. Strangelove .
Who served up this baloney on Sunday, to inspire whom, to do what?
CPI overestimation also serves another GOP interest: cutting federal programs.
Actin served as loading control.
Migrant farmworkers in general are much more reliant upon personal contact and experience for acquiring information than on print or other mass media, and for this reason, health care providers, migrant ministries, and legal services conduct outreach to effectively serve farmworker populations.
Subia, who quit high school at age 14 to help his family and who has never earned more than minimum wage in his life, never imagined he could one day serve on a committee at the request of the president.
LRI showcases a variety of original and effective activities ranging from how to conduct a comprehensive strategic planning process to new ideas for serving hard-to-reach populations.
And since he clearly has further political ambitions--he has talked about becoming attorney general or secretary of state, and no doubt thinks of even higher office--the spotlight will serve him well.
Heritage Foundation analyst Ron Utt points out that the 70 biggest U.S. airports, which serve 90 percent of commercial air travelers, get less federal money each year than the 3,233 smaller ones that cater almost exclusively to private fliers.
During the second stage of amplification, the first stage PCR products serve as template, whereas a single pair of primers recognizing the flanking adaptamer sequence can be used to re-amplify all products of the first stage PCR.
Auditors General in their countries, and many more have served as Deputies or in other highlevel posts.
Ultimately, volunteer work benefits us at least as much as those we serve.
There is a strand of Gingrich extremism in British conservatism, but it is not yet dominant, so assaulting it as Clinton has done in America would serve little electoral purpose.
The response No problem is probably intended as a sincere expression of willingness to serve, but it comes across as a polite way of saying, I don't really mind your having taken up my valuable time coping with the mentally and physically taxing demands imposed by your overbearing, though trivial request, because I am an accommodating, thoughtful person paid to occupy myself with major decisions concerning issues of earthshaking consequence, with but don't let it happen again implied.
Broadly speaking, they provided their party with its last two presidential nominees (George Bush and Bob Dole) and, according to early betting, will serve up the next one (George W. Bush).
Gay Bimbos (Bay Windows, a Massachusetts newspaper serving homosexual readers).
Ambassador to the United Nations John A. Scali (1995) and Arnold L. Raphel (1988; he died in an air crash while serving as ambassador to Pakistan).
2) The Washington Post reported that the Democratic National Committee received $15,000 from an Asian developer who serves in an advisory capacity within the Chinese government.
And, I might add, hasn't the United States' noninterference in its colonial stepchild Liberia served mainly to prolong that country's agony?
Social historian Richard D. Brown emphasizes that the Revolution, political struggles over the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, and deepening popular participation in national, state, and local elections served to spur associational life.
In March 1998, he was appointed to serve on the bi-partisan U.S.
Wealthy men and powerful organizations do seek to buy the appearance of intellectual legitimacy for economic doctrines that serve their interests.
How did Newt's silence "serve Clinton well"?
The rest of the abbey was raised to the ground in 1570, but the church was saved because it was a parish church and therefore served the local community.
Therefore, the Jews who remained on Earth were there to serve devilish purposes, Gow explained.
Today Big Sisters serves over 1,000 girls in central Indiana.
These examples may serve to confirm what we all already suspect, that there is a spectrum of natural ability for language, with the gifted at one end--presumably, our poets, writers, lawyers, politicians, teachers, and so forth--and the less gifted at the other.
The presence of a third conserved polar position in the strand that follows the histidine-containing strand suggests that it serves as the orienting residue for the catalytic histidine in the NlpC/P60.
Bin Ladin saw himself as called "to follow in the footsteps of the Messenger and to communicate his message to all nations," and to serve as the rallying point and organizer of a new kind of war to destroy America and bring the world to Islam.
Pleasant Run Children's Homes began serving children nearly 130 years ago.
At the accessory shop, the country girl is surprised to be served by men:
The LAT and USAT fronts run stories about the arrest for spying of a former Army sergeant who served as a codebreaker, allegedly for selling (for $60,000) the identity of Soviet sites to be nuked by the U.S. if the Soviet Union started a nuclear war.
It didn't serve him so well this week, when his dire warnings that Y2K computer glitches would create a massive worldwide recession failed to come true.
unique interest or serves as a critical test of an assertion about a program, problem, or strategy.
In terms of size, there is a "typical" bed size (100 beds); in terms of people served, there is a "typical" population (men and boys); and in terms of years of operation, 3 years is "typical," with 2 years a close runner-up.
That might also serve as a mantra for the '90s generation, seeking the constantly moving targets of meaning and success.
To his deputy, carefully doling hot water from a canteen cup into a row of small tins, he snapped, “Mind the measuring now, there's twenty-fxxxing-four to serve 'ere!”
These included the predicted signal sequences and transmembrane domains and a striking conservation surrounding a possible protease cleavage site in the proteins that likely serve as envelope fusion proteins [ 7].
The target pathology revealed by MRI also represents the biological marker of the disease that can serve as a surrogate measure for assessing the effects of a therapy.
The first quintile comprises only 2.5 percent of all addresses served by rural and city carriers combined.
Levesh and Palazzolo, who serve on a statewide family law task force, both say they look forward to working at the new center.
The paper says the director of the CDC finds the results incredible, adding that they will probably serve as a blueprint for research into disease and urban violence.
Knowledge of brain structures involved in performance will serve to constrain candidate gene identity and function and thus facilitate the integration of genetic information.
The central security management groups played an important role in ensuring that policies were consistently implemented by serving as focal points for user questions.
"The main problem we're facing today is the fact that there are [698,079] people living at or below the federal poverty guidelines in Alabama and we have, in our 60 counties, 45 lawyers to serve 76 percent of that population," Waters said.
Many tongues are spoken here, but multilingualism serves mainly to delineate constituent groups, not to facilitate communication.
New businesses spring up almost immediately, built into the plan and ready to serve an already-waiting group of customers.
Each permit application must include a statement that the owner or operator will meet the applicable allowance holding requirements, and such statement serves as the compliance plan under Title V for these trading programs.
The office serves about 4,500 people a year.
With Congress in recess, the White House on vacation, and Iraq relatively quiet, the pundits served moldy leftovers on Thanksgiving weekend.
8. W has illustrations (better than those in the Third Unabridged ); L has none, but it must be noted that other British dictionaries lack them also, so L need not have included them purely for competitive reasons in the main market it is intended to serve.
The heads of the IRS ought to be like the heads of the FBI or the chairmen of the Fed, above party, serving terms that transcend incoming and outgoing administrations.
What is important is that profanity served a variety of purposes for a long time in Western culture.
(1) A specification or product that has been formallyreviewed and agreed upon that thereafter serves as
Traditionally served by the Spanish at Christmas time, the flat bars of turrón are very hard.
The Daily Telegraph of London led Friday with the news that the British government has decided to impose fines on restaurants and cafes that fail to tell customers they are serving genetically modified food.
In addition, the recent bankruptcy of Enron has served to increase congressional interest in energy policy, in general, and NEPDG activities, in particular.
Highly conserved sequence blocks or residues, such as the Runt domain or the C-terminal Groucho-binding site VWRPY, served as anchoring reference points.
This forum served to help inform the GAO's work and other efforts to support the Congress, including our efforts that helped lead to the eventual passage of the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation.
The air quality modeling results serve as inputs to a modeling system that translates air quality changes to changes in health outcomes (e.g.
Therefore, this assay reliably serves as an additional method to observe SecB-substrate interactions.
This raises the troubling question: Is Chatterbox too much of a philistine to be scared by the tonier, more abstract terrors served up in The Blair Witch Project ?
The results obtained from this study can serve to clarify the categorization of each of the ligands studied as an agonist, weak/partial agonist or antagonist at μ opioid receptors.
Themselves the beneficiaries of meritocracy, they were now ready to reduce its weight for those who did not do well in the tests created to serve meritocracy.
Under that or similar titles it served as the capital of six southern dynasties.
The third well of each slide served as a negative control, in that the cells were incubated with PBS in the absence of a SP analog.
In fact, children are shaped mostly by other children, who serve as role models and guides for living.
This result is consistent with the idea that HSPGs but not chondroitin sulfate proteoglycans serve as signaling receptors for III1-C.
She helped clean up and serve food to the out-of-towners.
In these stories, as in countless others, Morris serves reporters by playing what they call a "trained seal"--a glib source who can be counted on to deliver an apposite quote to substantiate the thesis of any story.
.sentenced to serve for the rest of his natural life.
Since it exists not to make a profit but to serve the needs of the citizens and to promote the general welfare of the Nation, other measures of accountability need to be used.
The challenge faced by the Vietnam generation was morally more complex: How do you serve your country when it is engaged in a morally dubious cause (a cause the country as a whole--not just a few protesters--came to conclude was a mistake)?
Las Vegas would serve as a major stopover for crew rest and train repair.
The entrance to the Rudas fürdo is rather shabby, and a knowledge of the language is deﬁnitely an advantage here, but after 400 years of serving the locals, change comes slowly.
I can sense they are happy to serve; America is truly blessed with the young Coast Guard men and women I have the pleasure to serve with.
? When Ginsburg described certain testimony as being "totally reliable ," the words were served up in press accounts (as, unavoidably, they also are here) within an isolated setting of quotation marks, which function as a stage wink.
In this case indole serves as a precursor for a defense metabolite that is active against insects, bacteria and fungi.
Of course, no Chinese lake would be complete without its artificial islands, causeways, and pavilions, several of which serve as teahouses festooned with peach and plum blossoms, orchids or osmanthus, depending on the season.
Instead, the centerpiece of the downtown promenade is La Cancha, a basketball court, that serves as the gathering place for bands that play on Sunday evenings, and vendors who offer tamales and elotes (corn) for sale, along with sweet homemade popsicles flavored with chocolate, cinnamon, or vanilla.
Other participants commented that there is no shortage of qualified people to serve on boards of directors.
The challenge for the dwindling ranks of secularists is to convince people that the separation of church and state is not hostile to religion; it serves religion, or rather it serves religions.
! Producing materials that provide Congress, bar leaders and other stakeholders with a more accurate picture of how many people are being served by LSC-funded programs.
An opinion piece Monday in the Irish Times said, "Internment will not merely put the Nazi wing [of the IRA] behind bars; it will also serve to strengthen the conciliatory Adams/McGuinness wing in their arguments with dissidents inside the larger Sinn Féin/IRA family."
Like all other dental schools, Indiana University School of Dentistry is carefully re-evaluating its programs and planning ways to better serve the dental community.
The phosphorylated beta-2 receptor enhances the binding of beta-arrestin, which not only uncouples the receptor from the signal transduction process but also serves as an adapter protein that mediates entry into the internalization pathway [ 5 ] , as well as serving as a platform for additional signaling pathways [ 6 ] . The mechanisms of beta-2 adrenergic receptor down-regulation appear to involve both an increase in the rate of degradation of the receptor as well as a decrease in the levels of beta receptor mRNA [ 7 ] . Down-regulation of the beta-2 receptor is, in part, due to trafficking of the beta-2 receptor to lysosomes via the clathrin-coated pit endosomal pathway [ 8 9 ] .
It develops, procures, launches, and maintains in orbit information-gathering satellites that serve other government agencies.
Renamed Yanjing, the town served as capital for the Liao Dynasty in the tenth century a.d.
The New York Times leads with new Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit to troops fighting in Chechnya, a story run above the fold in the Los Angeles Times and on Page A17 in the Washington Post . The Post and LAT lead with pieces on Y2K computer glitches--or rather the lack thereof--a story fronted by the NYT (technically, the Post story is part of a Y2K package serving as the top non-local lead).
Like the original veil, it serves to create the conditions of female modesty.
In their love lives, each actress served as Miracle-Gro to an especially prized kind of male creativity.
They served precisely the same function that the names "Gaius," "Titius," and "Seius" did in ancient Rome.
In addition to buffering the redox status of the cytoplasm and protecting biomolecules against oxidative damage, GSH provides reducing equivalents to several enzymes (including ribonucleotide reductase [ 5], 3'-phosphoadenosine 5-phosphosulfate reductase [ 6] and arsenate reductase [ 7]), and serves as a substrate for glutathione- S -transferases, which detoxify potentially dangerous electrophiles.
Bioelectronic DNA detection involves forming an electronic circuit mediated by nucleic acid hybridization and it serves as the basis for a DNA detection system called eSensor™ [ 1 2 3 4 ] . This system uses low-density DNA chips containing electrodes coated with DNA capture probes.
The editors of the conservative journal Always Right wrote last week that Pepper's argument amounted to "a blame-the-victim-type approach that only serves to help those in the African-American community who want to avoid sharing responsibility for getting at the root causes of what is really a societywide problem."
In some cases, transposable elements may have been domesticated by their host to serve clear functional roles [ 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ] . Most human transposable elements are retrotransposons.
A separate set of HEL cell cultures was inoculated with lung homogenate of dexamethasone-immunosuppressed, non-infected rats to serve as non-infected (mock-infected) control.
8. Coffin nail is a later allusion to `cigarette': in its earlier metaphoric life it referred to anything that might serve to drive one to an early grave; indeed, some early Western saloons sold tokens bearing the words “coffin nail” stamped on them which were good for a shot of redeye.
During World War I, Léger served for a year in the worst regions of the Western Front.
“After the jury convicted a rapist in circuit court last week, Judge Ted Coleman sentenced him to prison `for the rest of your natural life with credit for the 34 days already served.
Eric Ripert of Le Bernardin has been serving it for the past five years.
He served with General George Crook from 1871 to 1886, and in 1891 wrote a well-received book titled On the Border with Crook.
The lower urinary tract serves to store and periodically eliminate urine.
This settlement originally served as a hermitage for Father Jerome, an Anglican missionary who had converted to Catholicism and become an influential churchman on the Out Islands, responsible for the erection of a number of Catholic Churches.
The Basis for the Board's Conclusions for each standard is included since it serves to explain the specific provisions of the standards.
Programs are now expected to serve gay, lesbian and transgendered persons, persons with AIDS, children, homeless people, more immigrants (many of whom do not speak English and have complex problems), persons with disabilities, unemployed persons, people of color, rural and urban low-income people, people from depressed areas, and those with mental illness.
The NYT uses the latest round of presidential videotapes to serve up a one-two anti-Clinton punch.
If you enter the words "Bill Bradley and health care" into Yahoo, the engine will actually serve up some relevant sites, including Bradley's official campaign site and a homemade Bradley on the issues site . On Lycos, you get nothing so informative.
Each individual program uses its own approach on its own timeline to serve its own purpose.
Nehring predicted the issue could unite a block of Internet voters: "It's a galvanizing force that will serve to activate Internet users on a political issue."
2 -Pa CO 2 gap may suggest that the Pe CO 2 -Pa CO 2 gap can serve as an early indicator for resuscitation end-point rather than base deficit.
In family situations, for example, lawyers must ensure that powers of attorney and guardianships are used to serve only the person transferring or losing rights.
The availability of large quantities of N protein then allows encapsidation of nascent leader RNA by N. This leads to the switching of the RdRP to the "replication mode", resulting in the synthesis of full-length, encapsidated anti-genomic RNA, which is in turn replicated into more genomic RNA [ 15 ] . Thus, the very requirement of N for replication ensures that all full-length genomic and antigenomic RNA are wrapped with N protein, i.e., encapsidated [ 15 ] . The new pool of replicated genomic RNA serves as templates for secondary transcription.
In consequence we have, in syllothetics, a veritable arsenal of instruments that serve to produce coherence and logic in modern prose.
Stewart was on hand at the NYSE to ring the opening bell for her big day, after, says the Journal , serving the money men a breakfast of scones, croissants and fresh-squeezed orange juice.
In addition to the LSCfunded programs, there are non-LSC-funded programs in three regions, as well as three statewide non-LSC funded programs: Pro-Seniors, which serves senior citizens; the Equal Justice Foundation, which provides litigation advocacy; and the OSLSA State Support Center (OSLSA).
The border and immigration system of the United States must remain a visible manifestation of our belief in freedom, democracy, global economic growth, and the rule of law, yet serve equally well as a vital element of counterterrorism.
Scott Crocker, executive director of Kentucky Legal Aid, which serves western and southern Kentucky, said his office will lose about $260,000 out of a budget of about $2.
To double the number of low income clients served by the state's legal services system;
The stuffed egg dish is described, within the cordon culinaire that I frequent, as deviled egg and is usually associated with canapés served bugget style at picnics, and similar al fresco affairs.
It’s not well served by public transport, so give your legs some exercise, starting from the southern approach by the Gellért Hotel.
Once the ritual becomes a deterrent to the act itself, as it pretty clearly has, it ceases to serve its purpose.
One night, when I was in college, I went to dinner with my roommate at the Algonquin--the Algonquin! My parents were paying!--and we had Rock Cornish game hens stuffed with wild rice and chicken livers and my roommate vowed she would serve them at her wedding, and she did.
Oldman, barking out the hysterical howls that serve as lingua franca for all cinema terrorists, calls the White House and tells Vice President Kathryn Bennett (Glenn Close) that he'll kill one hostage every half hour until Radek is released.
Private tutors, who cost up to $415 per hour, and $800 test-prep courses serve only the wealthiest, most overprivileged kids, thus undermining the idea that the SAT should level the playing field in college admissions.
Although policymakers would likely act to reduce the budget deficits and to promote higher national saving before facing the economic doomsday implied under the Save the Social Security Surpluses simulation, this scenario serves as a reminder to be cautious in committing surpluses to large permanent tax cuts and spending increases.
Like MS-DOS or Windows 95, gasoline engines serve as the operating system of cars, and to be the dominant provider of the fuel for that operating system seems a lot more Gates-like.
In 1995 we will serve over 850 children and 340 families.
A few quaint stores are hidden down side alleys, as is the 19th-century Locke-Ober (in Winter Place), which has served traditional fare to well-heeled businessmen for over a century.
Variances were estimated within each control or treatment group and served as a measure of replicate error.
In Illinois, he served as an Assistant State's Attorney in DuPage County from 1950 - 1952 and as State Representative in the Illinois General Assembly from 1957 - 1964.
For instance, although Ahmed al Ghamdi, Hamza al Ghamdi, and Saeed al Ghamdi attended prayer services regularly and Omari often served as an imam at his mosque in Saudi Arabia, Suqami and Salem al Hazmi appeared unconcerned with religion and, contrary to Islamic law, were known to drink alcohol.
Much better served by the rains, with some parts benefitting from the peninsula’s two monsoon seasons, in the summer and early winter, the south’s vegetation is luxuriant and colorful.
The spot is aimed at swing voters--suburbanites, Republican women, and fiscal conservatives who disagree with the dominant Republican position on issues like guns and abortion--precisely the kind of people Jim and Sarah Brady were when he was serving as President Reagan's press secretary in 1981.
When we say that luxurious little stores serve the carriage trade , we commemorate the coachmen who waited in the cold while the very rich shopped, for only the very rich could afford to come in carriages of their own.
They usually serve to merely entrench a tyrant.
The Louisville region is facing the potential loss of three or four staff members because of the cuts, said Dennis Bricking, executive director of the Louisville Legal Aid Society, which serves Jefferson and 14 surrounding counties.
The delivery function is the most important source of inherent cost differences between the geographic areas served by a post and, indeed between posts themselves.
As such, the central group served as the focal point for coordinating activities associated with the four segments of the risk management cycle.
On behalf of the girls we serve,
As a result of the merger between the Legal Aid Foundation of Long Beach and the Legal Aid Foundation of Los Angeles, there are now three programs serving this region.
The Guadiana River, which runs into the Atlantic 3 km (2 miles) east of Monte Gordo, served as a natural frontier for 2,000 years, forming the boundary between the Roman provinces of Lusitania (Portugal) and Baetica (southern Spain).
Indeed, a second antiferromagnet could serve as a measuring device if it were near its own ground state and brought into proximity to the first antiferromagnet.
Did he ever serve in the military?
The NYT points out that the World Bank's action to stop loans for an electrical power grid not only hits India--a country frequently affected by power failures and shortages--hard, but also serves as a signal to Pakistan about what sorts of sanctions it can expect if it responds to India with a nuclear test of its own.
This difference provides a lower bound of biological variation that can be detected between two independently amplified samples, and serves as a good statistic for comparing different analytical methods.
Krugman serves only himself and business concerns like Microsoft (now with its new spin-doctoring arm, Slate) that pamper him.
Because they serve delivery points with a range of profitability, postal administrations fear that without monopoly protection cream skimmers would capture their high profit routes, leaving them with their less profitable routes.
These serve as components of "licensing factor," which is essential for initiation of DNA replication and for limiting replication to one round per cell cycle [ 26, 27].
A sympathetic article about Serbian draft dodgers says tens of thousands of them crossed into Hungary to avoid serving in Kosovo.
And by making Hercules a sports star and another character a Hollywood agent, the movie proves that "Walt's art form is still sassy and snazzy" (Richard Corliss, Time ). (Disney serves up tie-ins galore on its site.)
for a unit serving a generator before the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of2002, a coal-fired unit in a State serving a generator with a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 megawatts that produced or produces electricity for sale during 2001 or any year thereafter, except for a cogeneration unit that produced or produces electricity for sale equal to less than one-third of the potential electrical output of the generator that it served or serves during 2001 and each year thereafter; and
For future reference, should a serving person deliver substandard service, the diner is perfectly within his or her rights to specify "no tip."
They indicated that in the second half of 2001 more than 183,000 people were served.
Thus, the data support a scenario in which emergence of GshA was followed, in most organisms, by the recruitment of a different protein to serve as the progenitor of GshB.
Since then, the National Enquirer has run a piece alleging that Hillary has committed adultery (with Vince Foster and an unnamed "longtime friend") while serving as first lady.
In a limited way, the Reagan speech served as guidance for his policies after he came into office.
It is Estrich who should be embarrassed, for having concocted a fantasy to serve her partisan agenda.
Here, many losmen (small, family-run hotels), as well as a few pleasant middle-range hotels have sprung up to serve travelers who come to snorkel and dive in the clear waters.
In the absence of an appropriate signal at the plasma membrane, these vesicles serve as storage repositories for mature CT.
But thanks for taking me up on that question of how first ladies have sometimes served their husbands as useful camouflage.
But they also frame the war as an unfortunate expression of a trait that could serve Putin well in other pursuits.
Though Passaic submitted its own bid, LSC deemed it nonconforming because it disregarded the reconfiguration and sought to continue serving only Passaic County.
Since, the TAR is located at the 5' end of all HIV-1 RNA transcripts and the presence of secondary structure at or near the 5' end of RNAs reduces the accessibility of the 5' cap to eIF4F, it is thought that this feature of HIV-1 mRNAs can inhibit their cap-dependent translation [ 44 45 46 ] . Therefore, a possible function of the HIV-1 gag IRES might be to serve as a mechanism to bypass the structural barriers to cap-dependent translation by recruiting ribosomes easily and directly to the gag ORFs.
Theme restaurants that serve dim sum.
In an overwhelming majority of instances, LSC has used the competitive bidding process to forge deeper bonds with its grantees and stakeholders, allowing LSC to serve as an active partner in planting the seeds of comprehensive, integrated state justice communities nationwide.
A rural carrier can serve a cluster of boxes much faster than if the individual boxes were spread out along the route where the carrier would have to slow down, stop, and accelerate for each one.
for a unit serving a generator before the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of2002, a unit in a State serving a generator with a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 megawatts that produced or produces electricity for sale during 2001 or any year thereafter, except for a cogeneration unit that produced or produces electricity for sale equal to less than one-third of the potential electrical output of the generator that it served or serves during 2001 and each year thereafter; and
After serving as a law clerk to the Honorable Edward Weinfeld,
All three kingdoms are about equidistant from each other in terms of branch lengths [ 9 ] and therefore a plant serves about equally well for rooting an animal phylogeny as does a fungus.
Rather, it serves as a warning that the United States must both save more in the near term and reform entitlement programs for the elderly to put the budget on a more sustainable footing for the long term.
It's the only item that couldn't also serve as the title of a late-night, soft-core movie on Cinemax.
The Moors fortified the city, developing the settlement into a major trading port serving Granada, and it was one of the last cities in Spain to be re-conquered by Christian forces in 1487.
meals, entertainment, and various personal services for the public : INN b: a building of many rooms chiefly for overnight accommodation of transients and several floors served by elevators, usu.
Members of the Intelligence committees serve for a limited time, a restriction imposed by each chamber.
Legal Services of Southern Missouri (LSSM) serves 43 counties in this area and is dedicated to ensuring all people, regardless of their income, equal access to legal advice and counsel.
for a unit serving a generator before the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of2002, a unit in a State serving a generator with a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 megawatts that produced or produces electricity for sale during 2001 or any year thereafter, except for a cogeneration unit that produced or produces electricity for sale equal to less than one-third of the potential electrical output of the generator that it served or serves during 2001 and each year thereafter; and
4 It would be interesting to learn: How much it cost Sweden Post to serve the areas where it lowered prices relative to its average cost, how important the abandonment of universal pricing is to Sweden Post's competitive position, and are the circumstances in Sweden applicable to the U.S.?
Under the reconfiguration plan, only Essex-Newark Legal Services would continue to serve a single county.
Close to 80 individuals serve on the committees.
Originally incorporated in 1923 as the Legal Aid Society of Albany, it now serves income- eligible clients in eight counties throughout the Capital Region.
One security manager thought that requiring such signed statements served as a useful technique for impressing on the users the importance of understanding organizational policies.
National, state and local program boards reflect the diversity of the communities they serve.
, contribution to overhead) of serving rural areas, and Section 5 presents some concluding remarks and a brief summary.
A story sings the praises of the federal Legal Services Corp., describing how one of its lawyers has served a poor Appalachian town devotedly for 25 years.
The glycosaminoglycans were produced under a contract from the National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases (NIH) and serve as reference standards.
At present, 10 providers serve a single county, three serve two counties and one serves five.
EPKs frequently contain one or more non-catalytic domains, some of which are thought to serve for docking EPKs to various constituents of these complexes.
However, if memory serves me, the 1981 raise was designed to provide a "catch up" to bring military pay back to parity with civilian wages after a decade of lagging pay increases.
I also served on boards of directors and advisory committees for child-care centers, preschools, elementary schools, and parent organizations.
11 Moreover, on many roads served by rural carriers, mailboxes must be placed on only one designated side of the
It can serve petty advantage or profound reform.
"Currently, we spend about $250,000 a year in Clay County, which is about 8 percent of our budget," said Figgins, adding that Clay County clients also represent about 8 percent of the total "poverty population" served by Legal Aid last year in Duval, Baker, Nassau and Clay counties.
Third, the woman serves the man's need to be needed.
The appointment last week of William Henderson--a 26-year, second-generation USPS veteran who once served as head of employee relations--as postmaster general is seen as an indication of the importance of labor relations to the long-term health of the service.
Ratings based on audit findings serve as an independent measure of control effectiveness and management awareness.
While acknowledging that building the new program from the ground up has been slow going, Dudovitz expects to serve up to 30 percent more clients in the San Gabriel-Pomona Valley than his predecessors.
Each individual program uses its own approach to serve its own purpose.
Cross the Canche and continue south to Buire-le-Sec and the village of Maintenay, where a restored 12th-century mill now serves crêpes in a wonderfully cool and leafy setting.
A primer specific for human β-actin was added to a parallel reaction to serve as an internal standard.
Ornate Ottoman tables on folding wooden bases are compact enough to carry in hand luggage, as are serving ladles and goat bells.
The planners are in the process of determining a cost-effective method for determining the legal needs of low-income people in New Hampshire, to serve as the basis for a review and joint statement of priorities among the three programs as well as public statement of need.
After all, wouldn't WC serve the purpose just as well?
You may say that the wretched of the earth should not be forced to serve as hewers of wood, drawers of water, and sewers of sneakers for the affluent.
It also has most famous department stores outside Tokyo, the gigantic Hankyu and Hanshin buildings (whose private railways serve Kyoto and Kobe).
Also, an article predicts that smart cards, a microchip-laden credit/debit card, already popular in Europe, will soon catch on in America: "In theory, a single smart card could replace a fistful of credit and debit cards, serve as a driver's license, store a person's medical history, feed a parking meter, and function as a tamperproof personal ID encoded with an individual's fingerprint."
Ronald Reagan, a staunch Republican and former Hollywood actor, served as governor of California between 1966 and 1974 and as president of the United States from 1980 to 1988.
For Pleasant Run to continue to serve abused and neglected children and their families, we need your support.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, one of America’s best-loved poets lived here for 45 years while he served as a professor of modern languages at Harvard.
As Russia prepared for Friday's controversial, low-key burial of Czar Nicholas II's remains in St. Petersburg, the English-language St. Petersburg Times reported that "as in life, so in death, Nicholas II has served only to divide Russia."
So can the progressive virtues of critical thinking, independence, creativity, and community solidarity when served up as the only enlightened approach, or as self-esteem-building therapy.
One might have a sensory experience that is apparently at odds with this sentence; one might see a list that includes Walter Mondale as the 41 stPresident serving from 1985 through 1988.
Patients who served as unwitting subjects of 1950s radiation experiments described their recent settlement with the government as bringing "a sense of closure," using the word in its by-now standard noun-phrase setting.
This was a great pleasure and honor for me personally, but I also felt that I was doing something for my people by serving as a token of America's support for Israel.
Your gift of $[ ] helped us fulfill our mission to serve the community.
The 400-odd quizzes could serve well as a source for teachers who want to test their students' knowledge of different aspects of language.
Before the Nazis erased his country from the map, Korbel served as an attaché to its Belgrade embassy.
In 1998, CCI served 31,484 individuals right in their own backyards.
Haute couture was invented in the 1850s to serve private clients privately.
From the perspective of the authenticity and integrity of results, the larger public interest may have been served.
Let's not forget that George Wallace and Joe McCarthy also served in World War II.
Yet another typical feature of many of these receptors is the presence of multiple serine and threonine residues in their carboxyl termini and IC3 that serve as phosphorylation sites for G-protein-coupled receptor kinases (GRKs) as well as protein kinases C (PKC) and A (PKA), a mechanism involved in agonist-dependent desensitization of the receptors.
In this instance, standard English serves to bridge the gap between bandito and gringo .
Late May brought reports of a possible hostage plot against Americans abroad to force the release of prisoners, including Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman, the "Blind Sheikh," who was serving a life sentence for his role in the 1993 plot to blow up sites in New York City.
Apart from these curiosities are the many quite standard instances of scripts serving to reproduce languages with which they have no organic relationship whatsoever.
Over 730,000 men and women served in the armed forces, which suffered 43,000 losses.
The Lufthansa You Yi Shopping Center serves those staying at the international hotels in northeast Beijing on the Third Ring Road.
The Dp protein is a component of the extracellular matrix, and appears to serve as an elastic adhesion molecule at cuticle-cell junctions, such as the epidermalcuticle interface [ 31].
Last year, apparently rehabilitated in the eyes of many African-American leaders, Karenga served on the national executive committee for the Million Man March.
Beltway Gossip Dump: Washington politicos think the death of Rhode Island Senator John Chafee means that: a) as has been reported, the Republican governor of Rhode Island will appoint Chafee's son, Lincoln--who was already running for the Senate seat from which his father was retiring--to serve the remainder of his father's term; b) as only kausfiles will tell you, Rep.
, to serve as a membrane-localization tag) [ 13 14 ] . In other proteins, the binding of PH domains to phospholipids appears to be important for allosteric or other types of regulation [ 15 16 ] .
It showed only one major donor, and he had served in the Merchant Marine in World War II.
However, there was an awareness of the need to hire nonlegal staff from the communities being served and this meant that staff workforces often consisted of male, white attorneys and female paraprofessional staff.
To the extent that other technologies are developed, these would provide more options for compliance, so their introduction would serve to reduce issues related to resource requirements of installing controls.
"Martha" has represented domesticity for almost two millennia, when she complained to their guest Jesus that her sister Mary was spending all her time listening at the feet of Jesus, while she, Martha, had to work serving.
Gordon R Bernard received grant support from Eli Lilly and Company and serves as an occasional consultant; Jean-Louis Vincent is a consultant to Eli Lilly and Company; and William L Macias, David E Joyce, Mark D Williams, and Joan Bailey are employees of Eli Lilly and Company.
Over 6 Billion Served Answer
[ Correction 1/26/00: Sununu serves on the board of directors of Kinark.
A second filter, consisting of a BLAST analysis against the GenBank nonredundant (nr) protein database, served to eliminate genes that may have been independently lost in the C. elegans and Drosophila lineages, but are still representative of a more ancient animal gene (Table 1).
If our speculations are supported by these data, then Marin County statistics indeed serve as a 'canary in the gold mine' as regards breast cancer incidence in educated or affluent women, and they may also be prescient as regards breast cancer mortality.
Baking powder has been shortened to mpékin ; Quaker oats is kouáker ; American style potato chips are tsíps ; and anyone who orders tóst in Greece will be served not toast but a grilled cheese sandwich.
In 1998, we served a total of 31,484 low-income individuals through job training and placement assistance, youth and senior programming, family counseling, emergency assistance, and much more.
Samuel Sheinbein will serve a murder sentence in Israel.
However, their data did not demonstrate which site within this cluster served as the major initiation site.
for a unit serving a generator before the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of2002, a unit in a State serving a generator with a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 megawatts that produced or produces electricity for sale during 2001 or any year thereafter, except for a cogeneration unit that produced or produces electricity for sale equal to less than one-third of the potential electrical output of the generator that it served or serves during 2001 and each year thereafter; and
The project attempts to identify the number of people served by the following types of work, and obtain descriptions of programs' efforts and of successes.
And if the servant shall plainly say, I love my master . . . I will not go out free, then his master shall bring him . . . to the door or to the door post, and his master shall bore his ear through with an awl and he shall serve him Forever.
The army eventually recognized that there was something badly wrong with Minor, and when he continued to serve as a medical examiner after the war, it became apparent that he was unfit for his responsibilities as a captain in the medical corps.
We are living in a time when English serves as an international language.
Suppose a post serves a country composed of two areas and its cost to deliver a piece of mail in one area is five cents and is 15 cents in the other.
This confidence band can serve as a rough measure of the variability in the system due to experimental procedures.
Applesauce (an American variant is apple sass ), which has come to designate a `camouflage of flattery,' is excessively sweet, mushy, pulpy and insubstantial, and thrifty boarding houses serve an abundance of the stuff to divert awareness from the scarcity of more nourishing fare.
This elaborate structure of interdependent rights and obligations was to serve Japanese society right into the 20th century.
Lou Barnes first met Lindsay when he served on the board of Parent and Child Development Services, where she was the human resources manager.
It is possible that increased expression of SAHH by filamentous conceptuses serves as a protective function at the level of the nucleus by reducing SAH to homocysteine thereby maintaining the SAM/SAH ratio at appropriate levels for SAM-mediated transmethylation reactions to occur.
At present, 10 providers serve a single county, three serve two counties and one serves five.
At Randolph Community College in Archdale, N.C., members of the Sons of Confederate Veterans have been teaching, as the Associated Press reported, that "most slaves were happy in captivity and that many served as loyal Southern soldiers."
He also thinks that it was a mistake for him to continue practicing law while serving as independent counsel; he speculates that, had he not allowed himself to practice privately from the start, he might not have been able to accept his appointment as independent counsel.
It has an excellent beach, and bistros on the port serve excellent seafood.
Therefore, this NLS-GFP is suitable as a cytoplasmic volume marker with the added benefit of serving as an indicator for cells entering mitosis [ 8 ] . The NLS-GFP was used as the volume indicator for all subsequent ratio-imaging analyses.
Results from various independent types of experiments indicate that the first type III repeat of fibronectin can serve as a cell binding domain and that both integrins and cell surface HSPGs function as receptors for this type III repeat.
12 were treated with PTK through PALM gel (experimental eyes) and the remaining 12 received conventional treatment and served as controls.
"Unless the legal aid is in the community, you can't say you are serving the poor," Mintie said.
We lack pride in or loyalty to our government and have no "willingness to put aside personal concerns to serve a larger cause."
The court upheld a trial judge's decision to 1) reduce Woodward's conviction from murder to manslaughter in the death of an 8-month-old baby and 2) reduce her prison sentence from 15 years to the 279 days she had already served.
"Australia would be better served if he kept his own counsel on who should lead another nation," it said.
Those laws are in part a product of older concerns about vertical integration, so that they served the function of keeping the auto-makers from selling direct to consumers.
The main highlight of a stay at one of these special temples is the chance to sample the luxurious Buddhist vegetarian temple cuisine (shojin-ryori) served only in such lodgings.
The Community Legal Resources Network ''helps lawyers become economically viable so they can serve the poor and lower middle class, who often can't afford legal representation,'' said Dorothy Zellner, the law school's spokeswoman.
Attorney and an assistant Attorney General, the Dean of the state law school and a professor from Brigham Young University's law school, bar commissioners and the pro bono coordinator of the state bar, directors of agencies serving low-income and minority communities, and board members of the three legal services programs in the state.
b provides a function in LHC assembly that is not served by Chl a.
I can sense they are happy to serve; America is truly blessed with the young Coast Guard men and women I have the pleasure to serve with.
Slate BiasServer TM applies this concept to the magazine world: You'll register your views just once, and Slate will thereafter recognize your browser and serve up opinion and analysis that reconfirm your prejudices.
The Croatian Constitution dictates that Parliament Speaker Vlatko Pavletic will serve as interim president until a new leader is selected.
The CEO of many major public companies also serves as chairman of the board of directors.
What unites them is their belief that the nation's interests would best be served if Congress would just pack it in.
Indeed, I have a half-baked theory that America tolerates left-wing universities because they serve as finishing schools for the new ruling class.
He says the proposed deal serves the public interest by restricting cigarette advertising and marketing, and by requiring the tobacco companies to cough up billions if youth smoking fails to decline dramatically.
"We're looking for a new way of serving the underserved community," said Bob Cohen, executive director of the Legal Aid Society of Orange County. "
While this teaching has served to sustain the rigid hierarchy of the caste system, it is not so “fatalistic” as some would have it.
As an alternative to my approach, in which the growth in Holocaust memory is to be explained by the contemporary purposes it serves, you suggest a focus on the Jewish tradition of remembering catastrophes.
Because of the nature of the event-a plane crash, fire, and partial building collapse-the Arlington County Fire Department served as incident commander.
In this setting, the color format serves to annotate protein structures with multiple sequence information, and allows comparisons across multiple sequences and structures.
The unit was established in 1998 to serve as one organization with overall authority for directing defensive actions against computer-based attacks across the entire Department.
The IJC developed a website with both public and private sections (www.indianajustice.org), sponsors training events, coordinates community legal education materials, oversees the pilot hotline project and serves as a voice for legal services to the bar, judiciary and other entities.
This exercise has served to build credibility and help demonstrate the value that IT adds to the organization.
To the north is the vast Italian Renaissance-style Orangerie, while the Drachenhaus (Dragon House), northwest of the park, serves refreshments.
His other strategy for wooing conservatives was to mention constantly his relationship with Ronald Reagan, whom he served in the White House for eight years.
But some of Reich's dialogues are checkable, and turn out, when checked, to be inaccurate in ways that serve Reich's rhetorical ends.
From the beginning, Las Vegas was built to serve travelers.
Each type of cells may contribute to a unique aspect of the cancer phenotype and may serve as a target for treatment.
The order of the microsyntenic genes was highly conserved in the three regions with the colinear pattern of three genes - phospholipase-like protein (pEARLI 4), cyclophilin-type peptidyl-prolyl cis/trans isomerase (PPI), and a cluster of SAUR and auxin-induced proteins (COSAP) - serving as a common footprint for these MSRs.
Whose interest would be served by our doing so and for how long?
This was built 15 years earlier by Jahangir’s wife, Nur Jahan, for her father, who served as Mughal Prime Minister.
Then, assuming you can't get away with bogus accusations, your only option is to serve your time in silence.
Traditionally there is also a cultural hall , which serves as everything from an overflow for the chapel, a basketball court, an area for dramatic and musical productions, and a hall for wedding receptions.
Our only consensus is that "government should serve the ordinary, hard-working individual--providing safety, public goods like roads and parks and the tools necessary to seek opportunity, like education.
He has been engaged in many activities through his professional and university life, including serving on the Editorial Board of the Journal of Legal Education, as Faculty Advisor for the Georgetown Immigration Law Journal, and on the Committee on International Migration for the Social Science Research Council.
For example, it was stated that some board members are serving on too many boards to be effective, and that some board members are serving for personal incentives that could adversely affect their independence.
I, along with members of the GAO team, look forward to using these protocols to continue to serve the Congress and the American people while maintaining a professional, constructive working relationship with the federal departments, agencies, and other entities that are stakeholders in GAO's work.
Indeed, the famous port city of Nagasaki served as Japan’s sole point of contact with the outside world during 260 years of self-imposed isolation.
In some cases, reassembly of a new ribosomal initiation complex after the terminator codon of the leader ORF serves to re-initiate translation at the initiator AUG codon for the main ORF, and thus two proteins are generated [ 39 ] . In other cases, leaky scanning by the ribosomal initiation complex bypasses the 5'-located leader ORF entirely, and only the "internal" ORF is translated [ 32 ] . In the case of fs-α 1S , we are not entirely certain which mechanism best applies.
Effective performance management systems provide agencies with the objective and fact-based information they need to distinguish levels of performance among senior executives and serve as a basis for bonus recommendations.
A university's central security group had developed a database that served as a valuable management tool in monitoring problems, reassessing risks, and determining how to best use limited resources to address the most significant information security problems.
Dan Burton, R-Ind., who had expressed outrage over Lawrence, says Burton got a similar burial waiver for a former aide who had never served in the military.
One way or another, the interests of the readership are served.
With the exception, that is, of USA Today , which serves up a 1,900 word pass at the topic on its front page.
In 1992, Guess paid the Labor Department $573,000 in fines for those minimum-wage and overtime-pay violations, and things seemed to have quieted down a bit within the bulletproof-windowed, razor-wire-surrounded stone building that serves as the company's bunker ...
Thus, we can imagine a time in the distant future when the universe will become almost uniformly cold, and very few temperature gradients will exist which could serve to provide a source of usable energy, such as the sun.
An accumulation of 4-HNE-conjugated protein has been detected in lesions of aging-related diseases, including Parkinson's disease [ 53 ] and Alzheimer's disease [ 54 ] . It also accumulates in the affected neuronal tissues of experimental animals experiencing brain ischemia [ 55 56 ] and traumatic spinal cord injury [ 57 ] . 4-HNE can impair synaptosomal membrane proteins, glutamate transport and importantly, mitochondrial functions [ 58 59 ] . Evidence indicates that 4-HNE increases neuronal susceptibility to oxidative stress [ 60 ] and serves as a mediator of oxidative stress that leads to neuronal apoptosis [ 61 ] . As indicated in the Introduction, 4-HNE has been implicated in some ocular pathological conditions [ 19 20 ] .
for a unit commencing service of a generator on or after the date of enactment ofthe Clear Skies Act of 2002, a coal-fired unit in a State serving a generator that produces electricity for sale during any year starting with the year the unit commences service of a generator, except for a cogeneration unit that produces electricity for sale equal to less than one-third of the potential electrical output of the generator that it serves, during each year starting with the year the unit commences service of a generator.
That aside, the rapier is better than the bludgeon--unless, of course, you are a Los Angeles policeman hamstrung by goody-goody regulations made by a bunch of stupid, corrupt, persistently naive politicians who won't let a guy serve and protect.
The unmanned six-failure record was broken Tuesday by the Thaad anti-missile system, when the rocket that was to serve as its target, in the words of Defense Department spokesman Kenneth Bacon, "tumbled chaotically out of control."
As the MudrA transposase sequence of this element, which is adjacent to the TIP1;2 sequence, is transcribed from the opposite strand, it seems that the TIP1;2 basal promoter is either extremely compact or that intra-transposon sequences serve a regulatory function.
for a unit serving a generator before the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of2002, a coal-fired unit in a State serving a generator with a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 megawatts that produced or produces electricity for sale during 2001 or any year thereafter, except for a cogeneration unit that produced or produces electricity for sale equal to less than one-third of the potential electrical output of the generator that it served or serves during 2001 and each year thereafter; and
As a result, over time, and with much gnashing of teeth the "elephant did begin to dance" and LSC, its grantees and the federally-funded legal services delivery system began to evolve from a piecemeal, Great Society experiment to carefully chosen nonprofit corporations working together to serve poor clients in every jurisdiction.
The second purpose segmentation served was to limit the search space for line segments (see below).
Furthermore, since some GPCRs can modulate MAP kinase activity, MAP kinase regulation of GPCR function may then serve as a form of negative feedback control in much the same way that protein kinase A, protein kinase C and the G protein-coupled receptor kinases (GRKs) regulate GPCRs.
This served to further reduce competition in a profession of critical importance to the public that had already consolidated from eight to five major global firms.
The fact that CCR4 has been characterized as a transcriptional co-activator has led to the speculation that nocturnin serves a similar function.
Only 10 are in custody in the Hague, and only one has been tried so far: a Bosnian Serb foot soldier who was found guilty of murdering two Muslims and sentenced to serve 20 years in prison.
For a thousand years, Kyoto served as the cultural and spiritual capital of Japanese civilization, the home of its revered emperors after the Nara period from the end of the 8th century up to the Meiji Restoration in the late-19th century.
[It] served to secure--open as well as closed--a variety of things, parachute packs and hatches among them.”
JNET«s success has served to legitimize and increase the value of the CIO function to its business counterparts.
The costs of site 15 (Washington, D.C.) are higher, but this site serves families and has a low problem rate.
He had joined al Qaeda and taken the oath of fealty to Bin Ladin, serving as one of his business agents.
For example, in one case study, the state legislature placed the CIO organization in charge of managing the planning, funding, and implementation of a project to develop a single telecommunications network to serve the state«s entire education community.
They are sure to rise to the occasion of cucumber sandwiches, cakes, and scones served on fine bone china.
Now these organizations that served what we used to think of as "the West" and "the North" are opening up to the developing and democratizing nations of the East and the South.
"The paradox of the Arab-Israeli dispute is that it has often served as a distraction from several inter-Arab differences of scarcely less intensity," it said.
Delivery firms with lower costs than the Postal Service would emerge to serve them and the Postal Service could hand off its unprofitable mail to them.
Her belabored references to '80s teen movies serve no purpose, save to further showcase what seems to be Kerr's suppressed "thinking girl's" crush on John Cusack.
Respect for the law is enshrined in our culture, but it should not blind us to the possibility that the law can be corrupted to serve sordid ends.
The recent business failures have also served to harm a number of innocent parties, including pension and savings plan participants.
In the subsequent civil war, Guangzhou briefly served as the Nationalist capital before the Communists captured the city and gained power nationwide in 1949.
"Will strafing Iraqi military installations one more time make the Middle East a safer place--or will it only serve to perpetuate Saddam's malign influence by perversely giving him added kudos with his long-suffering people?"
After years of neglect, when it served only the lake’s loading docks, railway depots, and factories, the waterfront has become a major attraction for Torontonians at play.
Desecration of the dead serves the dual purpose of steeling one's own courage and intimidating the enemy.
In the U.S., only about half of the routes served by city carriers are profitable while three quarters of the routes served by rural carriers are profitable.
This hierarchy may serve as a guideline for inclusion of different designs.
The HDAS should serve not only as superb documentation of an aspect of the language too often left to amateurs among whom most professional lexicographers, including me, must be counted but also as an engaging colorful source of the pleasure to be derived from revelation and reminiscence.
for a unit commencing service of a generator on or after the date of enactment ofthe Clear Skies Act of 2002, a coal-fired unit in a State serving a generator that produces electricity for sale during any year starting with the year the unit commences service of a generator, except for a cogeneration unit that produces electricity for sale equal to less than one-third of the potential electrical output of the generator that it serves, during each year starting with the year the unit commences service of a generator.
Currently, needle-exchange clinics damage neighborhoods by serving as magnets for addicts.
γ-Glu-Cys can serve some of the functions of GSH, and therefore could be advantageous to an organism even in the absence of GshB.
It was the British Government’s headquarters in Boston and also served as the merchants’ exchange and after the revolution as the state capitol.
In the intact intestine, communication between intestinal epithelial cells and resident immune cells may serve to modulate the initial innate immune response mounted by the epithelial cells.
From 1826, British law was technically in force (except for Muslim custom), but in practice few British lived in the Straits, and Asian community affairs were run by merchant leaders serving as unofficial kapitans.
It also serves as a quick simple survey of the set of genomes in terms of BLAST matches.
Meanwhile, voters younger than Bush know little of the military and therefore tend to be impressed that he served at all rather than concerned with how he served.
It adjoins the Chancery (Cancelleria) where Niccolò Macchiavelli served as secretary to the Florentine Republic.
My husband served as a commanding officer of a CG cutter, 1980-82.
During last year's Wye peace talks, Clinton apparently hinted to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that he would free convicted spy Jonathan Pollard--now serving a life sentence--if Israel signed the peace deal.
Predominant culturable bacteria were identified as common gram-negative environmental isolates and included Alcaligenes faecalis and Brevundimonas diminuta , which occasionally serve as opportunistic human pathogens.
We need to explore the impact of interventions in settings such as the Indian Health Service that serve distinct populations.
The existence of IRAs and 401(k)s serves to raise public awareness about retirement saving opportunities.
However, the “Perla del Pacífico” still attracts scores of vacationers, who are still regaled by old stories about the rich and famous, told by seasoned waiters as they serve pool-side drinks with a weathered but unwavering smile.
This explains support of “herstory” or “`wim-min,” terms that finesse etymology to emphasize the male-orientation of conventional history and to eliminate the man in the word woman . (When etymology serves political concerns etymology is honored.
No matter what these scandals involved, they served primarily to justify Flytrap, a way to sanitize the sex scandal.
However, the question of what plasma membrane-spanning protein serves as the scaffold for Shc binding and beyond remains to be answered.
2 For purposes of this paper, "cream skimming" refers to concentration on serving only those markets that exhibit lower-than-average delivery costs, regardless of the characteristic that causes those costs to be less than average.
The palace, which now serves primarily as a museum, takes its name from the red-cloaked figure of the monkey god Hanuman that stands to the left of the main palace entrance.
For example, it was found that tumor vascular cells have distinct gene expression profiles from those of normal vascular cells [ 7 ] , and the genes that are uniquely expressed on the surface of tumor endothelium cells can serve as targets for specific cancer therapy.
They regularly host samplings, serve up the best margaritas on the coast, and provide free informational pamphlets (in English and Spanish) on the history, types, and lore of tequila.
These genes can serve as useful markers for diagnosis, for prediction of therapeutic response, and perhaps as a target for developing new drugs.
Perhaps the scariest feature of the market turmoil served up by the papers is the realization that for all their new analytical tools, those in the business are no more capable of cognitive significance than in the days of ticker tape.
Michael Damico, owner and operator of the Michael Giovan hair salon in New York, refuses to serve women over 25.
Perhaps in the aged cell as well, the CD28 -memory cell serves a similar protective role against a variety of viruses.
To estimate the types of groups that serve as equatorial ligands to VO 2+in each condition, the observed values of A || derived from simulation of the EPR spectrum by QPOWA were compared with the coupling constants obtained from model studies [ 24 32 ] using:
To provide effective oversight of design review processes, the owner's interests are best served when the inhouse staff can fulfill the functions of a "smart buyer.
Others sent their daughters to the harem or their sons to serve as officers in the imperial army.
) At the very least, anti-drug laws misuse prison space: About 60 percent of all federal prisoners are serving time for drug-related offenses, some involving simple possession of marijuana or cocaine.
Al Gore served as an Army reporter in Vietnam.
The in-studio Columbus audience of about 6,000 served up what the LAT calls a "raucous, emotional debate that showed a nation far from convinced of the administration's course in the Persian Gulf."
James is one of more than 3,000 clients served last year by MALS, which provides assistance for civil matters, such as domestic abuse and family-related problems, Social Security and Supplemental Security Income, veterans, housing and consumer fraud cases.
Pre-immune serum served as a negative control.
Thus, a group interested in the liver may be better served by a chip containing only those genes expressed in the liver, and a group, such as our own, interested in the testis, should find more value in a testis expression chip.
Those who are involved in indexing and are unaware of the existence of the Society of Indexers would be well served to join.
In the 1780s there had been a nation-wide protest against grant of pension by the Congress to officers who had served in the Continental Army during the American War of Independence.
For the Clear Skies Act, EPA's projections reflect that the majority of FGD installations will involve a single absorber unit installation per plant; however, the maximum projected number of scrubbers retrofitted at any facility is three absorber modules serving six boilers with a maximum of 2400
It can be seen that by serving all rural routes and using actual labor costs, the Postal Service realized an average profit of 10.
They may also serve as business change agents, challenging conventional approaches and developing new methods and systems for delivering mission benefits.
Legal Aid Services of Oregon runs a similar office in Woodburn next door to the Indigenous Project, but is restricted in the clients it serves - usually workers with legal documents only - because it receives federal funding.
Banshiri, al Qaeda's military committee chief, continued to be the operational commander of the cell; but because he was constantly on the move, Bin Ladin had dispatched another operative, Khaled al Fawwaz, to serve as the on-site manager.
The Noah’s Ark restaurant inside the Community Center serves up substantial kosher fare as well as holding a marvelous Tuesday night buffet.
Congress stepped in Thursday to pass a $19 million appropriation for Legal Services Corp., which serves the legal needs of the poor through state programs nationwide.
The 35-year-old Northridge resident also serves as supervising attorney at the Van Nuys Self-Help Legal Access Center, a two-room office in a prefabricated building in the shadow of the Van Nuys Courthouse where the impoverished go to resolve all manner of legal problems.
Within litter Lifr +/+ and +/- pups served as controls since there has been no detectable gene dose effect between Lifr +/+ and +/- at this stage of development.
TRMA is caused by mutations which destroy the high affinity thiamine transporter of the plasma membrane [ 7 8 9 10 11 12 ] . The similar K m values found for cellular and mitochondrial uptake of thiamine for normal lymphoblasts and the lack of such uptake by TRMA mitochondria and TRMA cells suggests that high affinity thiamine import into mitochondria may be carried out by the same transporter or a variant form, perhaps generated by differential splicing, of that serving on the plasma membrane.
The original colony of 600 men intermarried with local women to form a large Eurasian community, served by African slaves and living in an elegant luxury that won their trading post the name “Babylon of the Orient. ”
Such a limitation might not exist in the private sector, where the categories of customers to be served can be prescribed and contract rates can be tailored to specific customers or situations, but it is taken as a constraint on broad-based government organizations.
This methods manual serves as a companion to the short-term chronic toxicity test methods manuals for freshwater and marine organisms (USEPA, 2002a; USEPA, 2002b), the NPDES compliance inspection manual (USEPA, 1988c), and the manual for evaluation of laboratories performing aquatic toxicity tests (USEPA, 1991b).
The Nineteenth (1920), the Twenty-Fourth (1964), and the Twenty-Sixth Amendments (1971) all serve the purpose of extending the franchise.
They may serve as a basis for a unification of parametrization and description of EEG.
It belongs to the Hamilton family, who have served as hereditary keepers of the palace.
Dan Burton, R-Ind., who had expressed outrage over Lawrence, says Burton got a similar burial waiver for a former aide who had never served in the military.
Teresa Morehead, a biology major, was serving on a hospital ship in Operation Desert Storm.
Now it serves as a minipark for habaneros (as Havana’s citizens are called), from coupling lovers and children playing on homemade skateboards to parading prostitutes.
The Web can serve as a tool to motivate those that are passionate about issues.
This relationship between YL-1 and TMOD4 serves as yet another example of the complexity of genomic organization and gene regulation.
While the boxes served by the quintile of routes serving the least densely populated areas are unprofitable, we believe that it is unlikely that the Postal Service would discontinue service to them (or try to decrease their level of service) if the universal service requirement were eliminated.
However, the genes identified in the present study are significantly different from those reported by others, which may reflect differences in the approaches used and types of tissues analyzed [ 42 43 44 45 ] . This preliminary study serves as groundwork for our laboratory, and we believe, it will be worthwhile to examine their role in ECs.
The challenge for the dwindling ranks of secularists is to convince people that the separation of church and state is not hostile to religion; it serves religion, or rather it serves religions.
for a unit serving a generator before the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of2002, a unit in a State serving a generator with a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 megawatts that produced or produces electricity for sale during 2001 or any year thereafter, except for a cogeneration unit that produced or produces electricity for sale equal to less than one-third of the potential electrical output of the generator that it served or serves during 2001 and each year thereafter; and
Establishing a computer incident response capability, and, in some cases, serving as members of the emergency response team.
The WSJ "Washington Wire" reports that ex-Clinton Press Secretary Mike McCurry introduced a conference speaker the other day as having served in "the first Bush administration."
I'd like to have seen some evidence in Africana of our humanity and resourcefulness, the kind of thing you find in the work of Ralph Ellison and Albert Murray, both of whom were, if memory serves correctly, Henry Louis Gates' mentors.
Agencies had formal agreements to serve as a foundation setting forth the manner in which labor and management would work together.
But these items, along with a sprinkling of kitchen ware, gardening supplies, and whimsical doodads such as an old-fashioned hand warmer, are essentially the amuse-bouches served up before the main course, which is a sleigh bed, a leather and cherry bentwood recliner, or some other hunk of massive retro furniture.
McDougal has served time rather than rat on him.
They adopted the Greeks’ gods, convertingZeus into Jupiter, Aphrodite into Venus, and placing the emperor — serving the interests of the Roman state — at the apex of the gods.
It will provide a stream of information about legal services practice serving the civil justice community well into the future.
Next to the regalia sits the Stone of Destiny, or Stone of Scone, which historically served as the seat on which Scottish kings were crowned, a symbol of the land over which they would rule.
He served two successful terms as Tennessee governor and a few years as secretary of education.
The drive to freeze out competition can be seen most obviously in the new mergers and alliances that are shrinking the number of airlines serving any one airport.
But the column never stops to wonder how an ex-convict like Barry could serve on a jury.
However, our observations that PLD1 overexpression increases ACh production form endogenous sources suggest that PLD1 may serve the same function as PLD2 in other cholinergic cells.
The Contracting Officer may be the SSA for some procurements, while in other cases a more senior manager may serve as SSA.
Besides explaining why competition and consumer ire aren't slowing the managed-care juggernaut, these findings also suggest that tougher regulations are unlikely to make insurers serve patients better.
He holds a minority equity position in the privately held company Medicalis which develops web-based decision support for radiology test ordering, and serves as a consultant to Medicalis.
Also, as I mentioned earlier, we have several key initiatives in progress to improve how we serve the Congress, among them an expanded client feedback system; protocols governing our dealings with federal agencies; new high-level advisory bodies to gain the expertise of business leaders, former Cabinet officials, and other experts; and new avenues for sharing our own expertise with other accountability organizations.
The phosphorylated beta-2 receptor enhances the binding of beta-arrestin, which not only uncouples the receptor from the signal transduction process but also serves as an adapter protein that mediates entry into the internalization pathway [ 5 ] , as well as serving as a platform for additional signaling pathways [ 6 ] . The mechanisms of beta-2 adrenergic receptor down-regulation appear to involve both an increase in the rate of degradation of the receptor as well as a decrease in the levels of beta receptor mRNA [ 7 ] . Down-regulation of the beta-2 receptor is, in part, due to trafficking of the beta-2 receptor to lysosomes via the clathrin-coated pit endosomal pathway [ 8 9 ] .
The central security management groups played an important role in ensuring that policies were consistently implemented by serving as focal points for user questions.
This gem is considered the masterpiece of Chinese classical garden design and served as the inspiration for the Astor Chinese Garden Court in New York City’s Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Studies indicate that the 1,684 charter schools are providing a better education to the 350,000 public school students they serve.
City delivery routes serve geographic locations within the boundaries of a post office, while rural routes generally serve areas falling outside these boundaries.
The other two are Legal Services of Metro Birmingham, which serves Jefferson and Shelby counties; and Legal Services of North Central Alabama, which serves Madison, Jackson, Morgan, Limestone and Cullman counties.
On the off chance that your letter is on the level, it could be that the purpose of your life is to serve as a warning to others.
The alliance with the Church served as the underpinning of regal authority.
In other cases, incidents at other organizations had served as a "wake-up call."
In humans the SWIRM domain is found linked to a JAB1/PAD1 catalytic domain, suggesting that this protein may serve as a link in the regulation of chromatinic proteins through proteasomal degradation.
Won't rational voters simply choose politicians who promise to serve their interests?
The Los Angeles Times leads with the White House reaction to the weekend revelation that Kenneth Starr served as a source to reporters working the Monica Lewinsky story.
- (1) Except as otherwiseprovided in paragraph (3), after January 1, 2000, it shall be unlawful for a coal or oil-fired existing utility unit that serves a generator with nameplate capacity of less than 75 MWe and an actual 1985 emission rate equal to, or greater than, 1.20 lbs/mmBtu and which is a unit owned by a utility operating company whose aggregate nameplate fossil fuel steam-electric capacity is, as of December 31, 1989, equal to, or greater than, 250 MWe to exceed an annual sulfur dioxide emissions limitation equal to the product of the unit's baseline multiplied by an emission rate equal to 1.20 lbs/mmBtu, divided by 2,000, unless the owner or operator of such unit holds allowances to emit not less than the unit's total annual emissions or, for a year after 2007, unless the owner or operator of the source that includes such unit holds allowances to emit not less than the total annual emissions of all affected units at the source.
One veterinarian 1served as the linkage and provided entrance to this group and facilitated the participation in the hunting activities.
Charles Street serves as the community’s main street and as a magnet for serious antique collectors.
There's a kind of dignity in Lehrer's plodding reluctance to opine, in his hangdog humility, in his desire to serve as moderator rather than interrogator.
The resulting gene relationships can suggest details about the cellular roles served by the encoded gene products and the regulatory systems that govern the genes' expression in response to the relevant conditions.
They regurgitate their pre-packaged sound bites (which are the astronaut food of political discourse; add water and serve), stand up straight, smile wide, and get the hell off stage.
A plant needs to flower in order to set seed, and in the case of many crop plants, including legumes and cereals, the seed serves as a main source of food in large parts of the world.
The more Robin is exposed, the more ham is served."
Thus the Mint proteins serve to anchor Munc-18 to the neurexins and thereby facilitate exocytosis.
"These [debt] problems blunt the desire to serve that is prevalent among law school graduates, and have negative consequences for society as a whole," the report declared. "
Residential cream skimmers would serve bulk mailers with sufficient volumes of mail for the areas they serve.
A strong governor also appoints most of the members of his Cabinet and can serve multiple terms.
To Adam Bellow, once my editor at The Free Press but now gone: I am soooo sorry I didn't deliver the sort of nasty goods on the first lady that I served up in The Real Anita Hill , and that The Seduction of Hillary Rodham flopped.
He served as a Massachusetts state senator and a U.S. senator, and then, during James Monroe's presidency, as secretary of state, where he was largely responsible for formulating the principles behind the Monroe Doctrine.
Youngsters drink huge amounts of highly caffeinated sodas (Coke, Mountain Dew) and hang out at local Starbucks (which serve all ages), getting hooked on the drug.
! Increasingly, LSC grantees are important gatekeepers, or "hubs," in referral networks of agencies and service providers serving low income people.
Not only as a child, but even now--well into my adulthood--this rule has served me well.
Too much buck-passing (usually in the name of scientific rigor) between the experts on language, literature, and history has resulted in the sad fact that clear thought, the mortar that serves to create integrated human interaction, has been quite consistently assigned to the other guy's bailiwick.
Respectful praise for PBS's two-part documentary on the "real" Jesus, served up for Holy Week.
Each study's specific treatment groups served as Between Subject variables - Study 1: Environment (3 levels: Enriched, White Noise, and Control), Lesion (2: Microgyric Lesion and Sham); Study 2: Age (3: P30, P52, and P83), Lesion (2: Microgyric Lesion and Sham); Study 3: Sex (2: Male and Female), Lesion (2: Microgyric Lesion and Sham).
A highly ordered chromatin structure presents a physical obstacle for gene transcription; presumably by limiting the access of transcription factors and RNA polymerase II core machinery to target DNA [ 82 83 ] . In concert with the observation that corepressors are associated with HDAC activities [ 84 85 ] , it appears that the transcriptional outcome of nuclear receptors is determined by the balance of histone acetylation and deacetylation activities, and that ligands serve as a switch to recruit HATs with the concomitant dismissal of HDACs.
Soon he was a dissident professor, and he served a term in prison in the early '70s for opposing Tito's dictatorship.
Thus, there is a business incentive for any postal provider (who is not simply a cream skimmer) to offer universal service within the territories it serves.
He which hath no stomach to this fight, And hideth in the tall grass, like a damn girl, Let him depart; I'll get him a job at CNN, Where mine appalling comments about the dusky Moor And olive-skinned Levantine (and working maidens fair, And--no one's really glommed onto this yet-- My disparagement of those men of right good male fellowship, Who doth hoard original-cast albums of Broadway musicals, If ya know what I mean) serves but to raise my fees on Crossfire . Forsooth, 'tis a rich scam!
This created a pattern seen today throughout the Aegean of a small port (skala) which serves an inland settlement or chora, making it easier to protect the island from attack.
The expensive restaurants still serve "continental cuisine."
Perhaps the above four points are simply underlying reasons for the truism that for common carriers serving the general population, larger service networks (be they mail, package, overnight, or telephone) are more valuable to customers and providers than smaller service networks.
Consistent with SH-2 interaction, CD5 cytoplasmic tyrosine residues are phosphorylated by p56 lck kinases upon TCR/CD3 ligation and serve as targets for association with proteins containing SH2 domains in both T and B-1a cells [ 12, 21, 22].
Genomic DNA from a wild type mouse served as a negative control.
This body of knowledge served as a foundation for designing our project approach.
For example, it was stated that some board members are serving on too many boards to be effective, and that some board members are serving for personal incentives that could adversely affect their independence.
The fundamental principles of these two documents can be summarized as follows: (a) legal services providers must be "client-centered," i.e., activities must be conceived and carried out in service and in concert with the populations that are being served; (b) legal services providers must strive to ensure the highest and best use of all available resources within the state of Washington and available to the statewide access to justice network; and (c) legal services providers have a special responsibility to ensure that no population or client group is written out of the justice system based on perceived political unacceptability or controversy.
There was a time, probably now past, when medium-price restaurants would advertise themselves as serving "home cooking."
The death of McDougal on Sunday, of a heart attack in the prison where he was serving his Whitewater sentence, is widely viewed as trouble for Ken Starr.
Because the most densely populated quintiles of routes serve more boxes, their total profit is disproportionate to their per- box profit.
In addition to providing top-level leadership and accountability, the department will need to develop employee performance management systems that can serve as a key tool for aligning institutional, unit, and employee performance; achieving results; accelerating change; managing the organization on a day-to-day basis; and facilitating communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing.
Although it appears that individual SNPs in TNF are poor markers of each other, it is important to ask which SNPs serve as good markers of the TNF haplotypes.
The flu crisis caused the Cathay Pacific airline to stop serving chicken on its flights to Taiwan, where panic was high, though it continued to serve Brazilian frozen chicken on other flights.
In Hong Kong itself, said the SCMP , fast-food chains and hotels had switched to serving frozen chickens from the United States.
On the other hand, the linker domain, which is believed to serve a structural function, is reduced by more than 50% to 537 residues, indicating that it has undergone major reorganization through compaction.
The adjacent school served as a barracks for British troops in the 19th century.
In every study, some mothers must serve as a comparison group, and that's where the trouble begins.
Yet few voters are likely to be impressed by a wedge of motherhood and apple pie, served with a topping of Third Way jargon."
These days, it is a colorful collection of narrow lanes that serve as a center for the sale of handicrafts and souvenirs.
In a front-page news analysis of the Group of Eight summit in Birmingham, England, this weekend, Alan Friedman of the International Herald Tribune in Paris wrote that the meeting served merely to "highlight the limits of power in an increasingly complex world."
It describes our role and mission in the federal government; the core values that guide our work; the trends, conditions, and external factors underlying our plan; and our goals, objectives, and strategies for serving the Congress.
Pets may have served as a reservoir of staphylococcal infections in these neighbourhoods and, in some cases, transmitted their infections to humans.
The Long Corridor ends at the Pavilion for Listening to the Orioles (Tingli Guan), where there is now a restaurant serving Qing dynasty imperial dishes.
The budget seeks to serve
Reforms that reallocate the composition of the nation's saving and asset portfolio may serve only to redistribute the existing pie.
This fund committee is still in place and I have served as Chairman of the fund since I was elected to that position by the committee in the late 1970's.
Besides serving as yet another useful basketball metaphor for Bradley--"I'm going one-on-one with Al Gore"--the two-man race gives Bradley instant viability.
Through this project the LA Basin has found a way to serve Asian clients who do not speak English.
One regrets the inevitable parting with words that have served us since Anglo-Saxon times and were here before King Alfred.
A superb museum for children stands across Fort Point Channel marked by a whimsical giant milk bottle, which serves snacks and ice cream.
These results demonstrate that opioid-mediated ERK activation occurs independently of EGFR transphosphorylation, and that the tyrosine-phosphorylated δ-OR may serve as the primary scaffold.
What served as the athletes’ Olympic Village (Vila Olímpica) was planned as an entirely new, planned community (it won Harvard University and Prince Charles design awards).
He also serves as a Senior Associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace where he is Director of the Comparative Citizenship Project.
On the bar side, I was expected to buy rounds of drinks when my turn came up and to drink the beer served to me when others bought rounds.
He serves delicious champagne and vol-au-vents and has a fine art nouveau collection.”
Her purpose in life, which she will ever strive to perfect, is the serving of her master, Jap though he may be."
In addition to laying the groundwork for "post-colonial" studies as an area of inquiry, the book inspired a flurry of scholarship devoted to "the other"--to groups of people who, by virtue of race, gender, sexuality, or geographical location, are unable to represent themselves and so (to echo the line from Karl Marx that serves as the book's epigraph) "must be represented" by those more powerful.
Notable is the term illustrative , used to describe the quotations accompanying the definitions: aside from their mixed success in serving to illustrate, quotations served a somewhat different purpose in the OED (and, indeed, in their application in some other dictionaries): they were the source matrix from which the definitions were derived.
Home-cooked meals are served at the posthouse inn.
Actin served as loading control.
Similar to the construction management approach, the PM can serve in either an "agency PM" or "atrisk" capacity.
79 (the average number of boxes served per route) from the 1989 Rural Carrier National Mail Count.
In a number of model organisms, high-resolution gene-expression maps have served as extremely powerful tools for discovery and characterization of novel genes as well as exploration of multiple cellular functions [ 9, 11].
Participants agreed that in order to identify and serve groups that remain isolated, we need to broaden our language bases, bring more qualified support staff to our programs, use community leaders and be sensitive to tension between disenfranchised communities.
Remember, there is no danger of the winner's curse if you are sure about the value of an item to you . In that situation, the auction device serves its proper purpose of putting the item in the hands of whoever values it the most.
Luckily, whole industries exist to serve consumers nutshells and breviloquence: Nexis, Web search engines, executive summaries, cheat sheets, and the Reader's Digest .
At present, 10 providers serve a single county, three serve two counties and one serves five.
Exploring a more mundane milieu, it serves as the missing link between us and The Godfather --a gangster movie for a mingier, more cynical era, when even doing good comes with a terrible cost, and where every family tie is a snap of the wrist away from a garrote.
A delicacy served during this time is lemang (glutinous rice cooked in bamboo stems).
LSC, therefore, required its grantees to begin to examine, on a statewide level, how all grantees in a particular state would serve in the present, and plan to serve in the future, the civil legal needs of low-income persons.
Many of these elegant Renaissance houses now serve as museums and libraries.
For the third and fourth quintiles, Social Security still serves as the most important source of retirement income.
Because we lack sufficient public and private support, the dedicated attorneys and staff at LASNNY are limited in their ability to serve all those in need.
The file (STF 3B) is available in three CDs of about 1.4 gigabytes (GBs) and contains socio-economic data for 29,467 5-Digit ZIP Codes served by the U.S.
It should be noted that two of these agencies also have offices in Ogden, Provo and Cedar City so that legal needs elsewhere in the state may be served.
In World War II, she observes, they trained, served, and went home together.
Only one of the five soldiers quoted mentions the "higher calling" of serving his country.
For instance, I am not entirely sure what purpose is served in long lists of words ending in - ly that are adverbs formed on adjectives: a formula would not only have sufficed but would enable some words, like kindly and friendly , to have been especially marked.
Thus, some rural routes will serve areas annexed by cities and their post offices.
You will be helping us to continue to serve the community through our public programs, to provide scholarships to deserving young artists, to attract the best arts faculty and to continue to train many of Indiana's public school art teachers and visual communicators.
Because agency personnel serve as the primary source of information on the status of recommendations, GAO requests that the agency also provide it with a copy of the agency's statement of action to serve as preliminary information on the status of open recommendations.
For example, as a way to develop a cadre of experienced and diverse leaders, the CFO Council Fellows Program was initiated in April of 1998 with the selection of nine fellows to serve 1year appointments at host organizations.
We risk hubris, given our lackluster national cuisine--not that I'm knocking high-fat, high-calorie, high-profit, bland stuff served up on a bun and eaten in a car--if we mock the food of another country.
It is served in deep bowls and topped with chopped onions, lemon juice, crushed oregano, and more chile.
RT-PCR reactions using primers Hprt1a (5'-CCTGCTGGATTACATATAAGCACTG-3') and Hprt1b (5'-GTCAAGGGCATATCCAACAACAAAC-3') served as positive controls amplifying a 354 bp product from the ubiquitously expressed hprt transcript [ 15 ] .
Of the more than 42,000 people Goodwill served in 1999, over 5,000 of them have multiple barriers to finding and keeping a job.
Others made the same argument about Lani Guinier, who never even got a hearing for the civil-rights job in 1993; and about Walter Dellinger, who served for several years as "acting" solicitor general because Republicans wouldn't confirm him.
A previous SR served as a basis for location of the articles of interest [ 5 ] . We also performed a search of MEDLINE, LILACS and CANCERLIT databases, last update in July of 2001, using the optimal search strategy for RCT for use in MEDLINE [ 10 ] and LILACS [ 11 ] with the additional terms related to this review - (epoetin OR Erythropoietin) and (cancer OR neoplasm), in all fields.
The paper claims that the most authoritative source on the common law known to those who wrote and ratified the Constitution includes in its list of "high misdemeanors" that can be committed by those serving the public trust, both "obstructing the execution of lawful process" and "willful and corrupt perjury."
Had it been more complete and better done, the book might have served as a survey text for linguistics, a work that is sorely needed.
Your kind approach will also serve as a model for your own daughter.
The SIDS Alliance and its 50 Affiliates throughout the United States are dedicated to eliminating SIDS through research, serving SIDS families, and educating professionals and the general public about SIDS.
Revenge Killings, Served Up Cold
Whatever you do, never serve caviar with chopped egg or onion or capers, and use lemon sparingly if at all.
He sees all the players as serving a very narrowly defined self-interest.
This type of behavior is an outcome of living in a bicultural and bilingual environment and serves to strengthen the in-group’s sense of cultural identity.
Multiple requirements for progression through this step in the signal transduction pathway may serve to integrate the cellular response to multiple environmental cues.
Both the Times and WP stories quote statistics from the studies about how soldiers perceive the atmosphere they serve in, such as "47 percent of the female troops polled reported that they had experienced 'unwanted sexual attention,' " or "22 percent of the women and 7 percent of the men said they had been sexually harassed in the last year."
The minimal constituents of a nonsegmented negative-strand RNA viral RdRP are the viral large protein L and the phosphoprotein P [ 23 ] . While the L protein is believed to possess the basic RNA polymerase function, the P protein serves as its transcription factor.
Others protested and didn't serve.
The good Dr. Spooner, a kind man with white hair and cherubic face, served New College for a half century as distinguished scholar and able administrator.
Millions of containers are imported annually through more than 300 sea and river ports served by more than 3,700 cargo and passenger terminals.
Officials at IRS stated that the reorganization has resulted in operating divisions that are focused on serving taxpayers and flatter decision-making structures with clear end-to-end accountability.
It is indeed a pity that the authors persist in expressing their ideas as they do, for were they more practical and not so aggressively all-inclusive in their condemnation of the slightest hint of maleness, they would probably serve their cause more successfully.
In this sense, rural service is inferior to city delivery where service is provided to (or in close proximity to) each building served.
Indeed, our data suggest that the cysteine string may serve as a surrogate to the PH domain for targeting Rlk to RAFTs.
In 1969, after 16 years in private practice, Rehnquist came to Washington to serve Nixon as an assistant attorney general.
Happily, however, labored metaphors like this are few, and the politics serve more as a backdrop than as a message.
Many people are willing to serve higher goals and the selection process needs to go beyond "its usual pool of suspects."
for a unit commencing service of a generator on or after the date of enactment ofthe Clear Skies Act of 2002, a unit in a State serving a generator that produces electricity for sale during any year starting with the year the unit commences service of a generator, except for a gas-fired unit serving one or more generators with total
The mechanics of the new stealth court are simple: Government attorneys will present classified evidence in secret to a removal-court judge, one of five federal district judges serving on the court at any one time.
The work by the Larimer County Bar Association has been going on for 18 years, and in that time several thousand clients have been served.
Grantees must commit to join with other equal justice stakeholders to establish statewide delivery systems capable-aspirationally-of serving every eligible client in a state, despite geographic, cultural and physical barriers that exist;
But in my case, praise from a stranger is like a glass of water served at a restaurant in Bombay: You drink it warily, if at all, fearing it may be tainted.
These served the city from the time of Kleisthenes and his Council of 500 in the late fifth century b.c.
The new nationalism led Piedmont into the Italian orbit at the head of the Risorgimento unification movement, and the House of Savoy served as Italy’s reigning royal family from 1861 to 1946, with Turin serving ever so briefly as the capital of the newly unified Italy in 1861.
Legal Services Corporation funds local legal services programs to serve clients in every state, county, and congressional district in the United States as well as in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam and Micronesia.
In addition, if the user was later involved in a security violation, the statement served as evidence that he or she had been informed of organizational policies.
These days, however, that function is served by many private companies: Mortgage-backed securities are a roaring business.
This person "served" in the Nixon and Reagan administrations, and did so "with distinction."
Sometimes functional requirements override other considerations; a laboratory that does not serve its scientists is a failed work of architecture, no matter how beautiful its design.
Both the editorial and the letter (from the head of the city cab commission) state that failing to serve potential clients because of their race and redlining of neighborhoods are both banned by the city's cab rules.
The other half is where the gamblers come from, how they arrive here, and how they are served once they arrive.
The explanation is basic physics: At the dead spot, 100 percent of the ball's energy is transferred to the racket, which, were it in full swing on a tennis court, would return the energy to the ball, guaranteeing a power serve.
