Indeed, the colorful undies were a sight to behold.
Seconds after Edwin was out of sight, Chris walks up.
In plain sight.
I want to pick up with Tasha and me walking about The Sleeping Flamingo, and then, for the sake of literary convenience, to say that from a corner of the yard I saw a neighboring house, and the sight filled me with darkest forebodings.

Friends like you make it possible to give the gift of “Second Sight®”.
And if you have ever experienced to sight of a diving dolphin, you will be brought instantly back to that exciting moment when turning to our August image.
And Dublin, a city large in expectations, is still small enough for the visitor to see most of its sights on foot.
It’s an ideal way for the visitor to reach outlying sights and villages.
There are many guided bus tours to sights outside the city, and some are accessible by city bus.
Now within sight of where he had left his wife, Jake was surprised to see a cowboy, with his hands high in the air.
The elephant then got back in the truck and it disappeared out of sight.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder, out of sight, out of mind.
When it caught sight of them, it attacked.
It came in through my mother's blood; my Russian grandmother would always tell me stories, bylichkas, of ancestors with the "second sight", stupid mill owners who discovered bags of gold after letting a special fish off their hooks, and dark strangers who used to appear to help or interfere at crucial times.
Get out of my sight this instant!”
Get out of my sight now – unless you know how to put it back?
Nepthys urged me on from the back of the room, then made a turn out of sight.
E-mailers lose sight of tracking ¬ª Adotas http://bit.ly/IbaZW Phil Spector's wall of creepy.
The junks are a picturesque sight: children frolicking on the poop deck, women preparing food or playing mah-jong, elderly folk watching the sunset, dogs and cats underfoot, songbirds in bamboo cages overhead — and all afloat.
Sights in Guangzhou
From a power base in Anatolia, the Persians overran the eastern Aegean Islands and set their sights on the Cyclades.
To counter this, the populations moved from their homes on the coast and built settlements inland, out of sight of the raiding parties.
They then set their sights on the islands of the Knights of St. John and, after an unsuccessful siege in 1480, they finally ejected the knights from the Dodecanese in 1522.
It's based on his own experience, a moment when he caught sight of such a girl and had an impulse to give her all his money (or rather, all his wife's money, since the family money actually belongs to Claire).
Nearby, a couple of local tourist sights, on all the package excursions, have curiosity value but little else.
The WP, LAT, and NYT lead with a Mideast peace deal apparently almost in sight.
But in certain homes this Christmas, the sight of unopened gifts under the tree will bring tears of grief and sorrow.
When you sight Mount Teide on a distant horizon you will understand the profusion of legends.
Here are the big summer releases from the other major studios: The X-Files ; Small Soldiers ; Armageddon ; Six Days, Seven Nights ; Something About Mary ; Ever After ; The Mask of Zorro ; Dr. Dolittle ; Mulan ; Jane Austen's Mafia ; BASEketball ; Disturbing Behavior ; Madeline ; Out of Sight ; Halloween: H20 ; Saving Private Ryan ; The Parent Trap ; and Snake Eyes . Subtract Saving Private Ryan , which was a virtuoso piece of moviemaking despite its hack storytelling, and subtract one or two others that qualify as harmless fun.
One final sight in Belém is the modern Monument to the Discoverers.
(Incidentally, presumably the second or third sight in the triplet cite/ sight/sight ought to be site .)
It's true that they were smelly and that the sight of poverty and desperation are not pleasant, and they all told the same self-serving lies for my benefit, and could never remember no matter how many times they were told that white women don't think it's a compliment to be told they have big legs, and they were noisy, although they would pipe down if you cared to go out at three in the morning to ask, which the tourists sure won't.
There is no recession in sight, and it would be foolish to try to forecast the timing of one more than a year in the future.
Policymakers were asking them to move into the digitized future to fight against computer-to-computer communications and modern communication systems, while maintaining capability against older systems, such as high-frequency radios and ultra-high- and very-high-frequency (line of sight) systems that work like old-style television antennas.
In that chapter we also described how Mihdhar was spotted in Kuala Lumpur early in January 2000, along with associates who were not identified, and then was lost to sight when the group passed through Bangkok.
The trip takes just 20 minutes — less time than it would take to drive to and over the new bridge — and the white town of Ayamonte is a fine sight as you approach it from the river.
From whatever part of town you view it, the Catedral is a beautiful sight.
6. Pollitt and Sullivan alike deem me insensitive to the depth and complexity of the psyche, and Sullivan warmly endorses psychoanalyst Jonathan Lear's admonition that we dare not reject Freud lest those qualities drop out of sight.
And even if we think that all children are equal in the sight of God, we might understandably bequeath our property to our own kin.
Republicans said the bill had lost sight of its original goal--reducing teen smoking--and become a tax-and-spend monstrosity full of extraneous special-interest tax breaks and off-budget spending.
When she sets her sights on something, she's a formidable force."
Even when these sights are bustling with visitors you’re likely to find them compelling.
The city’s most interesting sight is the Convento de Nossa Senhora da Conceição, with its fine Manueline carving, bright Moorish-style azulejos, splendid Baroque chapel, and an explosion of rococo gold leaf.
A front-page LAT news analysis is less rosy because it sets its sights on long-term prospects for Pakistani democracy, rather than on allaying immediate international worries.
Movie -- At First Sight ;
The offshore Marietas Islands offer the rare opportunity to sight Blue- (and Yellow-) Footed Booby Birds.
Opulent, old-fashioned theaters such as those in Cienfuegos, Camagüey, and Matanzas, not to mention Havana’s magnificent Gran Teatro, are sights in their own right.
Luxor temple does not have a sound and light show but it is open late each evening, offering you a chance to enjoy the majestic remains under floodlights, a very romantic sight to behold.
Another popular sight are the Brindavan Gardens, in Mughal style, some 19 km (12 miles) north of Mysore, worth visiting at night when the fountains are flood-lit.
Even so, most visitors only pass through Jinan on their way to such traditional sights of Shandong as the holy mountain Taishan (see page 163) and Qufu, the birthplace of Confucius (see page 195).
The article begins with a pointed reference to Hillary Clinton's charge that a "vast right-wing conspiracy" has Bill Clinton in its sights.
When diabetes took his sight he suffered severe depression, became withdrawn, and all but refused to leave his home until he went for rehabilitation training at WBRC.
Some of Cuba’s best beaches lie on the north coast of Oriente within sight of the mountains.
Two-piece bathing suits are so much a part of wholesome American life that the world's wives and daughters have been wearing them for decades, and navels of all ages are a customary sight.
But it's true that by the 1950s, when MoMA purchased one of Monet's boldest big panel paintings (which later burned in storage), Monet was no longer viewed as merely a safe painter of pretty suburban sights.
These prices appear prohibitive at first sight in a country, which only spends a few dollars/person/year for health care.
Meanwhile, there is no resolution in sight.
The sight of the Yangzi water rushing between the sheer walls and evocative rock formations never fails to stir the traveler’s spirit.
But it is still, at first sight, hard to understand how China can attract so much foreign investment without running a large current account deficit.
We are trained to handle cases of this sort in the following way: We would put a person within sight of the customer who's stealing without actually confronting her.
Movie -- At First Sight ;
The huge sand dunes, perpetually changing, make for a surreal sight.
This was perhaps the cutest sight I have ever witnessed in my life.
Unlike Levi's, Guess has made its way in the world by subcontracting out production work, violating minimum-wage and maximum-hour laws, and suing everyone in sight.
The surgeon with Tourette's, the blind man who regained his sight to his dismay, the subjects variously marooned in the hippie subculture of 1969 or in a Tuscan village of the 1930s, the remarkably gifted autists--all are admirable, all are moving, all are acutely recognizable in human terms.
But the most popular tourist sight is Topkapı Palace, the home of the Ottoman sultans, where the riches of the Imperial Treasury and the intrigue of the Harem draw many thousands of visitors each year.
The sight of the inner teen-ager acting out ought to be fairly sobering.
Take the walkway on the opposite side of the ﬂyover from the baths and you will catch the incongruous sight of a dozen isolated Corinthian columns with a 1960s housing estate backdrop.
The junks are a picturesque sight: children frolicking on the poop deck, women preparing food or playing mah-jong, elderly folk watching the sunset, dogs and cats underfoot, songbirds in bamboo cages overhead — and all afloat.
The strata, colors, and manic whirls are a fascinating sight.
She buried his remains to spare her mother the gruesome sight.
The sight is not to be believed — except that you absolutely must believe in the authenticity of their kneeling before a shrine to the Virgin of Guadalupe just before plunging head first into a narrow slit of water, 130 feet below.
Central Paris is surprisingly compact, and most hotels are close to many of the sights.
I attempted to do big things without ever losing sight of the little things."
To the contrary--it's precisely because she is likable that her husband's handlers will stick her in our faces until we can't stand the sight of her.
At a press conference following the screening of his film Dogma , which will have its first public showing October 4 as part of the New York Film Festival, the writer, director, and professed devout Catholic Kevin Smith appeared both shell-shocked and befuddled by the outrage that his movie, sight unseen, had provoked.
Himeji’s magnificent castle is unquestionably one of the region’s “must-do” sights.
Undeterred, Gomberg continued, "We have to aim our sights higher.
One of the most impressive sights on your trip will be the rivalry of the Canadian Pacific and Canadian National railways in action: endless trains of freight wagons, pulled and pushed often by two engines at either end for the tougher stretches, snake through the canyons on opposite banks of the river.
For me, the red alert was the sight of Tom Hanks gulping and tearing up.
Most historic buildings, museums, and traditional sights are located in the capital.
Revolutionizing the whole stuffy concept of law courts, with not a marble column or portico in sight, this sparkling structure spreads out in tiers of glassed-in walkways, offices, and courtrooms, and also shops, restaurants, a small cinema, and a skating-rink.
On-Sight Supervision
Expanding at a purposeful but more leisurely pace than other leading Canadian cities, Vancouver has never lost sight of the importance of enjoying life at the same time.
Do Americans grow faint at the sight of their own blood?
The Huangshan phenomenon that has most inspired painters and photographers is the sight of cottony clouds nuzzling the mountainsides.
On the road toward Faro is a pair of historical sights.
A Pontiac Bonneville is as rare a sight in Seoul as an Aston-Martin is here.
Paintings that seem at first sight to be sober treatments of an enduring order turn out on closer inspection to have pockets of deep pathos or subtle humor.
Big Mac wrappers, half-full Slurpee drink cups and french fry bags have to be constantly swept out of sight."
From the perspective of a mayor or state legislator it sounds like a public-relations debacle: The sight of federal agents cuffing some beloved Marcus Welby for recommending a marijuana cigarette for kindly Uncle Sebastian suffering from AIDS will not go over well with voters.
Hundreds of careworn buildings were brought back to life, and power cables were buried underground and out of sight.
But photographs of them have been published and exhibited, and they represent an important step in the transfer of aesthetic interest from the teapot--with its long decorative history--to the kettle, which genteel people had kept out of sight.
Tour guides say the red paste is to spare Hanuman the sight of the goings-on — more acrobatic than erotic — carved on the struts of the small Jaganath Temple opposite.
In rhapsodic language reminiscent of Henry Roth, Kazin takes in all the crackling sounds and sights of the emerging city, the trolleys and the crush of people and the dark roofs of Manhattan.
These dogs are usually scent and not sight hounds.
The WSJ quotes one brokerage house stock expert to the effect that the Fed isn't tightening, interest rates aren't rising and there isn't a recession in sight.
"Most of all, it would be disastrous--especially at this time of undeniably chillier relations between China and the US--to lose sight of the larger guarantee of security that comes from the present policy course, of engagement with China, through trade, diplomacy and dialogue," it added.
"The sight of the Great Officers of State walking backwards ahead of the Sovereign will remain unchanged, however.
Architecture aficionados won’t want to miss one last sight on Montjuïc: the Pabelló Mies van der Rohe, a pavilion built for the 1929 International Expo by the seminal minimalist.
And within easy travelling distance of the city are the other major sights of the Dead Sea region.
And it goes without saying that clue texts may be arranged in such a way that, at first sight, certain words appear to belong to a different inflectional form or word class than is actually the case when the clue is unlocked.
Israel is a small country, measuring just 445 km (260 miles) north to south and 112 km (70 miles) at its widest point, yet it packs in so many sights that you couldn’t possibly see them all in the space of a two-week or even three-week trip.
Charged up by the rhythms of the crowd, his newfound candor, and the sight of a dishy, dreadlocked young woman (Halle Berry), Bulworth embarks on a hallucinatory odyssey that includes a stop at Kentucky Fried Chicken; a fund-raiser at a mogul's mansion, at which he lectures the appalled "big Jews" on their greed and the lousiness of their movies; and a visit to the bowels of the inner city, where he placates gun-toting black juveniles by buying them ice cream and standing up to the white cops who stop to harass them.
We thank everyone who resubscribed, sight unseen, and especially those who enclosed heartening notes, made helpful suggestions, and, in general, cheered us on.
Such sights include the colorful “tams” (knitted hats worn by Jamaican men to cover their mane of dreadlocks) and the red ackee fruit that ripens at the beginning of the year.
The look and the feel are authentic enough, once one is on the wall itself, out of sight of the shops, vendors, tour buses, parking lots, and cable cars below.
You and your family will be awestruck by the sights and sounds along Audubon's nature trails, where birds and wildlife exist undisturbed.
All in all, the park in an impressive sight, with slope after slope of vegetation laced with mountain streams and beautiful waterfalls and mountain peaks extend away into the distance.
A favorite sight with visiting photographers is the Cervantes monument: A stone sculpture honoring the author looms behind bronze statues of his immortal characters, Don Quixote and Sancho Panza, astride their horse and donkey, respectively.
At first sight, it might seem obvious that the fewer currencies there are, the better.
It sits atop some of the highest cliffs on Puerto Rico, a truly spectacular sight.
At First Sight
At the end of this extended gazetteer, we provide “Briefings” on 24 additional cities and sights that are less frequently visited on typical tours.
From a power base in Anatolia, the Persians overran the eastern Aegean Islands and set their sights on the Cyclades.
At these sights, though, you’ll invariably be part of a crowd, especially in high season (which grows every year).
From this barrio you’ll be able to see the most prominent sight in Alicante, the historic Castillo de Santa Bárbara, perched 115 metres (350 feet) above the city on Mount Benacantil.
As long as Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic is willing to withstand airstrikes, "there is no real end in sight," former Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger cautioned this weekend.
The Statue of Liberty is just the beginning: From Wall Street to the Met, there is almost no disagreement about Manhattan's worthiest sights.
Lamentably, she has lost sight of just how weird and out of the mainstream that culture is.
Then, after the rats knew the route, Lai confused them by dumping powdered milk into the water, making it harder to navigate--the rats had to make it to the platform by memory, rather than by sight.
Beatty is watching Out of Sight (OK, a stretch, but work with me).
Roger's entry captured it perfectly: From minute to minute in the movies this year, you didn't know what was going to happen next; you couldn't spot the formula, because there wasn't a formula in sight.
But, she says, it thrives sight unseen.
"Instead of Wanda 's delicious anti-PC nastiness (flattened lapdogs, stuttering jokes) and bawdy high-spiritedness, Fierce piles on sight gags as crass commercialism runs amok in the zoo," says the USA Today's Susan Wloszczyna.
Movie -- Out of Sight ;
The lyrics are the usual--drugs, grim humor, self-hatred, sci-fi sex--but Manson is "no longer instantly dismissible as scam artist or sight gag" (Jim Farber, Daily News ). (Check out audio and video clips from the album.)
In this it has lost sight of its true objective: to oust Saddam in the pursuit of a peace in the Middle East and a semblance of human rights in Iraq.
Lest anyone lose sight of what this is all about, the LAT states that Saddam "has enough chemical and biological weapons to wipe out infantry divisions, if not whole cities."
But if we thought of it as a "sight penalty" and calculated it as the added tax a person pays now for the privilege of being able to see, it works out to something like $208 per sighted taxpayer.
The lead plane swung around to catch sight of Button.
According to the publication, Frank Sinatra's widow, Barbara, has set her sights on Grace Kelly's widower, Prince Rainier of Monaco.
The thug with the fuck-you sneer depicted in Richard (1969), a magnified mug shot hanging to her right, could be the guy she's just caught sight of.
Reagan points at sights outside the window and tries to remember irrelevant anecdotes about Mikhail Gorbachev and Margaret Thatcher.
He relishes a few absurdities as they glide past--the accidental meeting of Nancy Reagan and Heidi Fleiss in a hotel lobby, or the sight of African-American servants wincing in the background as beautiful white people call O.J. the scum of the earth.
Nothing could have been more infuriating to them than the sight of Yasser Arafat, the embodiment of Palestinian nationalism, shaking hands with Yitzhak Rabin, Israel's late prime minister.
Mehta's multivolume autobiography, titled Continents of Exile , has loss as its overarching theme: loss of sight, of childhood, of home and country, and now--with this volume--loss of Mr. Shawn's New Yorker . The memoir takes us from the time the author was hired as a staff writer in the early '60s up to 1994, when he was "terminated" by the loathed Tina Brown in her vandalization of his cherished magazine.
Out of sight at the back, the grainy tracing around the stones is held up on a continuous gallery of supports rising from another tracery that lies against the body.
But let's not lose sight of a larger phenomenon.
Mrs. Dalloway and Septimus never meet, but Gorris brings them in sight of each other at the start of the film; and news of Septimus' fate triggers Mrs. Dalloway's tortured and then euphoric final musings--the epiphany that brings the movie to its poetic conclusion.
The screech of an owl, the sight of a pregnant dog,
Few things bring me as much joy as the sight of my own swampy backyard, all leafless and brittle and dotted throughout with bright orange-red winterberries clinging to their branches.
In it we see the uncomfortable sight of a writer not fully engaged with his material: the weak opening, the clichés ("swaggering"?)
I am sorry that Stein is distressed by the sight of the president visiting Israel and Palestine.
Critics are down on this based-on-a-true-Oliver-Sacks-story of a man (Val Kilmer) who regains his sight after an operation encouraged by his sighted girlfriend (Mira Sorvino).
David Fincher's Seven thrust Walker's worldview into your viscera; I can still recall that film's gun battle, set in a long corridor, with its slingshot angles and bullets that seemed to explode beside your head, and the ghastly sight, both riveting and repellent, of a partially flayed, obese corpse, its milky white blubber framing intestines that looked like blue balloons.
As we've seen, stealth weapons blind the risk-averse public and policy-makers to the genuine perils of combat in the opening days of any military engagement, turning war into an "out of sight, out of mind" proposition.
Hillary's rage that night was surely one of the most authentic sights ever shown on television, prompting the thought that, unlike the absurd Linda Tripp, both Clintons really are us, in our various phases--and incidentally that Hillary may be the only first lady in my lifetime (which goes back a bit) that one can even imagine being friends with.
Milford is already well into her third decade on the project, with no end in sight.
300: &quot;First Sight&quot;
The phone ringing in my cabin awakens me; it's the conning officer on the bridge making a report of a vessel that we have in sight approximately 12 miles away.
There are many essays about how much he missed my mom when she died, about how much he loved the sights of Washington, about how dismaying it was that there was still so much confusion about basic issues in economics.
To lure Christmas shoppers, the malls promise tree lightings and other "sights and sounds of the holidays."
A word of warning to those desperately seeking non-holiday fare: Although there's not an Xmas tree or menorah in sight, steer clear of NBC's retelling of Shakespeare's The Tempest (Sun.
A common sight in China (either one) is two individuals closely observing the upturned, outstretched palm of one while the other “draws” ideographs on that palm with a forefinger.
Pretty puerile stuff, you might say, but don't lose sight of the fact that it is intended for puerō and puellās .
(Incidentally, presumably the second or third sight in the triplet cite/ sight/sight ought to be site .)
Some crime knocks are wrongful, and sometimes officers have been known to arrest on sight someone they feel sure is at it and decide later on what they have arrested him for, sometimes even planting evidence.
Do you remember how wonderful and how proud you felt in 1980 when the young United States Hockey Team beat the powerful Soviet Team 4-3, and then went on to beat Finland 4-2 for the gold; the sight of Jim Craig skating around the arena with the American Flag draped across his back, tears of joy streaming down his face, looking for his father in the crowd; or in 1984 when 16 year old Mary Lou Retton, needing a 9.95 in her final event to tie for first place in the all around Gymnastics competition, vaulted her way to the gold by scoring a perfect 10?
The plan had now been modified so that the tribals would keep Bin Ladin in a hiding place for up to a month before turning him over to the United States-thereby increasing the chances of keeping the U.S. hand out of sight."
The things that are measured become relevant; the things that are omitted are out of sight and mind.
Thus, I would urge the Congress to not lose sight of the important balance between mandates, requests, and research and development in the mix of GAO's work supporting the Congress.
Even during more charitable times, the bar association says, most of the free or less costly work is handled by small firms and solo practitioners, making the m a natural target for the consortium's sights.
For visitors the peace dividend is currently considerable, allowing access to the number of great sights that lie in the Sinai and Jordan, including the fabulous city of Petra.
The sights are endless: the Hindu gopuram tower-gates of the south, the temples of Varanasi (Benares), the cave monasteries of Ajanta and Ellora, the beautiful and erotic sculptures of Khajuraho, the splendid marble palaces, fortresses, and mausoleums of the emperors and maharajas in Delhi, Agra, and Rajasthan, the colonial government buildings in New Delhi, or the unusual style of the Gothic-Oriental railway station in Mumbai (known until 1995 as Bombay).
But the imperial family remains largely out of sight, never giving an opinion, wholly removed from the daily life of their increasingly beleaguered subjects.
This is how it works in today’s competitions: an aniseed-scented trail is laid on the morning of the race, and the dogs are sent off across the fells to follow it, disappearing out of sight through the bracken.
The mastaba of Princess Idut has exceptional nautical scenes and you’ll also catch sight of the name of a tomb robber — Ahmed the Carpenter — who couldn’t resist letting the world know about his visit.
The métro (subway) is the fastest way to move around the city, but the buses, both in the capital and the other big towns, are best for taking in the sights.
Sights in Guangzhou
There are those who swear by the sight on the Taj Mahal in the Sharad Purnima, the first full moon after the monsoons, a cloudless midnight in October when the light is at its clearest and also most romantic.
The colorful Tibetan Buddhist monasteries are the most attractive sight in the valleys near Gangtok.
Minor sights include the Milk Grotto, where Mary is said to have hidden with Jesus before the flight to Egypt, and the Shepherds’ Fields, where biblical flocks were supposedly watched by night.
Across the tram lines from Haghia Sophia lies the entrance to one of Istanbul’s more unusual historic sights — the Yerebatan Sarayı (Underground Palace).
This is the place to wander and soak up the sights and sounds of Kyoto’s lone quarter still dedicated to traditional arts and entertainment.
As you cross the bridge, stop in the middle to immerse yourself in the sights and sounds of the people, the blazing neon, and the Dotomburi River below you.
To see how the Dutch of a later era lived, climb the cobbled street of Hollander Slope (number 5 tram to the Ishibashi stop), where you’ll see some red-brick and wooden clapboard houses with colonial-style verandahs and — a rare sight atop houses in Japan — chimneys.
Above the park looms the startling sight of the Pestana Carlton Park Hotel (designed by Oscar Niemeyer, famous for the futuristic Brasilia).
The porticoed Plaza Mayor (main square), an architectural symphony in bold but balanced tones, is one of Spain’s most recognizable sights.
The sight from the temple is also something special: a panoramic view over Madrid.
The vaulted ceiling is a sight in itself — a painting symbolizing the arts and sciences, specifically grammar, rhetoric, dialectic, arithmetic, music, geometry, and astronomy.
With the subsequent development of new navigational techniques, it was no longer necessary to stay within sight of land.
The ensemble is a stunning sight, not to be missed.
Its standout sight is the Museu Nacional de Arte Antiga (National Museum of Ancient Art), Portugal’s largest museum.
A great way to see all the sights of Nassau; the horses are trained and the pace is slow.
The five miles of sand are a beautiful sight, especially in the early morning or just before sunset when the color reflects more deeply.
Restaurants in and near the market are like first-aid stations for those who become faint with hunger at the sight of such bounty.
Its hutong tour combines many of the sights in the Back Lakes District with the opportunity to step inside a courtyard house and talk with its modern-day residents.
Today, the Royal Naval Dockyard, on Ireland Island North, has been reborn with a number of sights and activities.
The equestrian statue of Paul Revere, set against the steeple of Old North Church rising out of the foliage, is one of the most photographed sights in the city.
Go beyond these sights to Nathaniel Hawthorne’s House of the Seven Gables.
It’s a melancholy sight that recalls Hungary’s claim on that part of the land north of the river, lost in the punitive 1920 Treaty of Trianon.
The other main cable car route, the Powell-Mason line, terminates at one of San Francisco’s — and California’s — most popular sights, Fisherman’s Wharf.
As an alternative, especially if you have children, you may prefer to start downtown, around Union Station, and visit the other sights to the north before coming back to relax among the recreational attractions of the waterfront.
Tenerife is not only the largest of the Canaries geographically, it also offers the tourist more sights, more attractions, more towns and cities to explore, and more contrasts than any of the other islands.
The 32 most-visited cities and sights in China, described in detail in this section, are arranged in alphabetical order.
Dali also has sights and attractions well worth attending to when the café and bistro scene begins to pale.
Also redeveloped nicely is the Temple to the Town Gods (Chenghuangmiao), which dates back to the 15th century and now hosts street fairs within sight of the teahouse and Yuyuan Garden, as it did in previous centuries.
Even a short boat ride through the city on the Grand Canal produces unforgettable sights and photos.
Called Salobreña, it makes for an impressive sight.
Beyond is the gorge’s narrowest point, the Sideróportes (Iron Gates), only 3.5 m (11 ft) wide but 300 m (1,000 feet) high, a truly humbling sight and the most memorable, for from here the gorge opens up as it approaches the sea and is much less striking.
The sight at dusk is especially alluring.
From this vantage point you can enjoy the charming sight of Shiva and his wife Parvati in painted wood looking amiably out of an upper window of the adjoining house-style temple.
Sweden had become the strongest military power in Europe after the Thirty Years’ War, and in the mid-17th century, it set its expansionist sights on Poland.
The top sight in Viseu, and one of Portugal’s most important art museums, is the Museu de Grão Vasco, which inhabits the former archbishop’s palace next to the cathedral.
The top sight in the area is the magnificent 18th-century Baroque manor house known as the Solar de Mateus, just 3 km (2 miles) from Vila Real.
The ensemble is a stunning sight, not to be missed.
Here you’ll be tempted by fine views of the sea; you may even catch sight of a cruise ship sailing gracefully into port.
The whole cave park is a truly awesome sight, with holes 300 ft (91 m) deep and 200 ft (61 m) across, and caves thousands of feet deep, all surrounded by pristine forest.
Frommer's warns that uptown Manhattan's sights are best seen by bus tour.
Because obtaining a taxi medallion is next to impossible, and the price of the medallions has soared out of sight.
Congressional Republicans watched their proposed $793 billion tax cut disappear from sight without much of a fight.
During the '60s, when my family took a vacation to see the East Coast sights, we stayed at the Fairfax, because (we were told) it was the cheapest hotel in town.
I don't totally agree with you, Sarah--there are some formulas in sight.
Under snow, its classical shapes--domes and pediments, octagons and pyramids--are linked in a geometry that remains generally pure, thanks to the speed with which government shuts down at the first sight of falling flakes."
The new screenplay also adds "farcical plot and sight gags to provide hilarity" to the story of the relationship between a commodity trader and the 13-year-old son he finds in the Amazon, according to the Los Angeles Times . Dissenters call the plot ridiculous and the gags tiresome.
Movie -- Out of Sight ;
The bad news: There's no relief in sight for the South.
The liberal Israeli newspaper Ha'aretz said in a gloomy editorial Monday that there was "a chilling sense these days of sights and sounds from the period of impervious apathy which preceded the 1973 war."
At first sight, it might seem obvious that pollution taxes will reduce GDP.
Meanwhile, the FBI reportedly was going through Lewinsky's closets at the Watergate, testing every dress in sight and finding no stains.
When an organ seller is trying to decide whether the terrible dangers from kidney removal or the certain loss of sight from surrendering an eye is worth a sudden cash infusion, his effort to identify his best interest will be confused by how the question is framed, by difficulties sorting out the statistical risks, by the vision of all that money, and many other factors.
Is there an end in sight for Starr's investigation?
They've been living truly on the fringe, in a succession of communes and finally alone in a tiny cottage in the northern California woods, though Mary has made sure never to drop completely from sight.
In 1975, this, and not a celebrity or a promotional motive anywhere in sight (do I need to point out that William Y is an invention of the author's?)
Most of all, they share an almost fetishistic desire to re-create a writer's life sight by sight and smell by smell.
What's more, Smiley wrote, readers have always sensed that the happy ending is slapped on, a cop-out; probably the book would have dropped out of sight if certain self-promoting writers hadn't started talking it up early in this century.
The sight of his money flowing liberally unnerved him deeply, even when it flowed to something he valued.
And with all the weight of such a past, a certain dread can still attach to the sight of them being frivolously used.
The physicality of words is something we tend to lose sight of--literally--although the consequences of physicality are inescapable and often startling.
Out of Sight is slick in all the right ways.
He could have smacked youfor running out of gas, at midnight,in December, at a middle-of-nowhere place,coasting a few sorry yards toward home on the shoulderas a passing eighteen-wheeler's Hawaiian-sized wave of airwhomped the side of the car like a two-story pillow.As we sat there immobile--the four of us (including him),as if waiting for the show to begin at a surreal drive-in--he wanted to reach into the front seatand bonk your heads togetherthe way the leader of the Three Stooges didwhen the other two did something stupid.What had been road was now a cold placewithout a house light in sight in the rural South.What had been a passionate highway talkabout the culture's indifference to the artist's workwould have been silence except for himgiggling at us, at how danger dissolves discontentand flashes before us a life lost to pettiness,which we soon start to lose again."
I left my parents and brother behind when I moved five years ago, but I still visit frequently, and I have to tell you, there's not a vegetarian restaurant in sight.
It can be summed up in a cliché: out of sight, out of mind.
The most irritating sight on a New York street (excluding Donald Trump's naked swing dancing with the ghost of Boss Tweed) is anyone jabbering into a cell phone.
Movie -- At First Sight ;
Another six weeks have come and gone and still there is no decision in sight.
In their place is a lot of sub- Raiders of the Lost Ark swashbuckling, plus sight gags pilfered from Sam Raimi's 1993 Army of Darkness (the last of his The Evil Dead trilogy) and genre-deflating banter that's like an untalented sophomore's stab at Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969).
But in fact he read all references to him and, though only out of sight, collected voraciously choice items.
He was hoping to spend a few more months gazing at paintings and reading novels before lowering his sights, but now he has loyally abandoned art for life.
300)--"First Sight":
We had a great weekend--saw the sights of the city, ate out, etc.
That low ceiling--a constant reminder of how Craig has been stunted--is the first sign of the movie's comic astuteness, of its knack for devising sight gags with a sting.
We agreed to rent the place, sight unseen.
This week's show--in which anchorman Pearce McKenzie (Robert Foxworth) starts doing guest spots on the Conan O'Brien show--is just plain stupid, relying heavily on dopey sight gags and potty humor.
If this were a Rube Goldberg contraption, this recollection would remind the writer of the grease spot on page 2, caused by his having eaten a Big Mac, the memory of which conjures up such a vivid image that the writer opens his mouth to take a bite, and a string attached to his lower jaw releases a mouse, the sight of which arouses a cat which chases it, causing the mouse to squeal, awakening a midget who stretches, tripping open a trapdoor; through the trapdoor falls a usage book, sliding down a chute into the hands of the writer.
“Tom's greyhound would certainly think they were a beautiful sight.”
(Incidentally, presumably the second or third sight in the triplet cite/ sight/sight ought to be site .)
The other warned against watching a parting guest out of sight: bad luick would ensue.
When legal cultures lose sight of their natural end of bringing a reign of justice and harmony to human affairs, they decline into corruption and the arbitrariness of power.
Acknowledging that individual targets might not have much value, he cautioned Berger not to expect ever again to have an assembly of terrorist leaders in his sights.
We cannot lose sight of the fact that in a risk-taking environment businesses do fail.
Results-oriented performance agreements are one mechanism in a performance management system that creates a "line of sight" showing
I do want to assure you, though, that while I have been talking trees, I have not lost sight of the forest.
And Dublin, a city large in expectations, is still small enough for the visitor to see most of its sights on foot.
Not so much a melting-pot as a “land of unlimited impossibilities,” Israel compresses a host of sights and lifestyles into a small area, offering a cornucopia of experiences for visitors.
Closer to Madrid are other sights that reveal pivotal periods of Spanish history.
Covered in flowers, the wall is a moving sight.
The primary place of worship was the Temple of Seti I, which even today is an impressive sight.
All the interesting sights around the capital make for an easy day trip by car or local train, enabling you to keep your Paris hotel if you wish (although you would probably enjoy a change of scene and find the local country inns less expensive).
If you look beyond the souvenir shops for the moment, there are traditional sights to remember here: women in black who blend into the shadows, fishermen coming home from the sea, and everywhere the typical white houses bedecked with flower pots on wrought-iron balconies.
Other Sights
Whatever your beliefs, the giant stone wall is an awesome sight.
Look northwest from here and you will see a much more impressive sight in the distance.
The “sights” of this town take scarcely a day, but the seductive tranquillity within its perfectly-preserved ramparts is irresistible.
Have your camera ready to record the incredible sight of a wailing Japanese child beating a hasty retreat to its parents after being chased by a group of hungry deer in a feeding frenzy.
The Japanese have adopted the traditional Chinese practice of ranking sights and places, and Korakuen is “officially” one of Japan’s three greatest gardens.
A good introduction to Jerusalem is a ride on the number 99 bus, which makes a circuit that includes many of the most important sights.
The tops of the mountains often jut through the clouds, a spectacular sight in itself.
There are more than 200 churches in Madrid, though in this country replete with spectacular cathedrals and churches, few are essential sights.
The Catedral de Toledo, right in the center of the old town, is one of Spain’s most recognized and spectacular sights — it is visible from any part of town, thanks to its Gothic tower topped by a spire ringed by spikes.
Cultural and Historical Sights
Even on the canals in the city center you’ll find pedalos (sometimes called water cycles) to rent so that you can see the sights on your own steam.
On the road toward Faro is a pair of historical sights.
Even on the canals in the city center you’ll find pedalos (sometimes called water cycles) to rent so that you can see the sights on your own steam.
The horses trot slowly past all the sights in town, but you can also easily stroll around yourself and see everything in a couple of hours — if you’re not seduced by the many shopping opportunities between the docks and the historic old town.
In fact, it is worth the trip, partly for the sights and scenery en route.
At carrer Portaferrisa, a left will take you to La Rambla, while a right turn will take you back near the Cathedral and a handful of additional sights on the perimeter of the Barri Gòtic.
But there are other sights of interest.
It is a truly exhilarating sight.
Although the Boston suburbs might not claim any “must see” sights, if you have a car and are confident about finding your way around with a good map, there is a variety of intriguing places to explore.
Orientation is rarely a problem, as the majority of sights are crammed into the central areas and getting around the city is very easy.
Apart from the opportunity to sample the local tipple, it’s the scenery that appeals to visitors here; the region’s volcanic past is evident at ﬁrst sight of the conical green hills.
Tours of the museums, library, gardens, and other sights are organized from the Student Union at the end of Telegraph Avenue (Monday–Saturday at 10am).
Apart from the Citadel and Battlefields Park, every sight worth seeing is within easy walking distance, though you may like to try a 45-minute ride in a horse-drawn calèche (from the Parc de l’Esplanade).
A full day’s outing from Puerto de la Cruz along the unspoiled north and west coasts covers some of the island’s most spectacular sights and scenery.
The principal sights are the house where he was born, quite roomy by local standards, and a museum with all the exhibits in duplicate, filling two mirror-image wings designed to double the crowd capacity.
With oases in sight, awesome dunes rise in waves to 250-m (800-ft) crests.
Outlying Sights
The terrain is hilly, with twisting cobblestone streets (forming a compact maze), but you’re always within sight of a shoreline.
There are only two major sights.
But the itineraries in the following pages take in all the tourist-worthy sights in this sprawling region, and every one of these important places of interest can easily be reached by public transport.
From the town’s pleasant Plaza Sánchez, wander two blocks south to the main sight, Iglesia Parroquial Mayor de Espíritu Santo.
The altar where the blood will be spilled is out of sight, behind a wall where a loudspeaker screeches hymns to Kali.
Among traditional sights, two stand out as especially appealing, or educational, for children.
Beyond Braga is one of the north’s most frequently photographed sights, the 18th-century pilgrimage church of Bom Jesus do Monte, situated in the mountains 4 km (2 miles) east of Braga.
The major sights are enclosed within two rings of concentric walls and tucked among Évora’s great maze of Moorish alleys and squares (praças).
Yet it is a spectacular sight.
The thick wooden doors are an impressive sight; they were locked and guarded each night but now remain open to allow people to stroll along the seafront.
The sight of blood makes him blanch.
The sight of Felicity choosing Ben is the sight of the WB flunking that test.
Chapter 1: We watch as terrorists, sitting on their trawler off the coast of New York, sight in on a jumbo jet, ready, aim, and fire one of those Stingers, blowing the silver tube of humans out of the sky.
Perot has remained out of sight.
I'm sitting in a quiet corner somewhere, devouring the latest Michael Crichton, the cover carefully hidden from sight.
But even with that bias, a better case could be made for Ron Carey, who has probably deflected membership dissent and has become emboldened to immediately set his sights on unionizing Federal Express.
His strategy on the Asian crisis has paid off, with no American crash in sight.
Movie -- Out of Sight ;
Yet another adaptation of an Elmore Leonard novel produced by Barry Sonnenfeld ( Get Shorty , Out of Sight ). This one centers on a power-hungry rural judge (Beau Bridges) who happily doles out lengthy sentences--a "redneck Judge Judy" (Bruce Fretts, Entertainment Weekly ). Critics call it the next Twin Peaks , citing its twisting plot lines, eccentric characters, and black humor.
Instead of noting that anybody who can control the week's news with a press conference, a foreign-policy announcement, and a tea with domestic dissidents is no lame duck, the pundits indulged in psychobiography: Clinton is frustrated because "the end is now in sight" for his presidency (O'Beirne ) and he has yet to establish his "legacy" (George Will, This Week ; Morton Kondracke, The McLaughlin Group ). Because they will be chewing on the legacy thing for three more years, the commentarians recently ordered a crate of dentures.
Because no one knows where Monica will arrive, the cameras cover every line of sight to every courthouse door.
Now, the sight, in 1997, of self-respecting American trade unionists singing a socialist anthem--in however jokey a spirit--would doubtless set off alarm bells.
At first sight they look easy, although further observation shows how precise and disciplined the movements are.
At least, that is the lesson Australian beauty queen Alison Brooks, 30, says she learned when actress Barbara Hershey, 50, set her sights on Brooks' fiance, Simon Lowe, also 30.
Nancy (1968) could be a still from a '50s film noir: She looks as if she has just caught sight of a stalker on the stairs.
In his litigious thickets, Walsh loses sight of the question of why anyone should still care.
Bobby, a Navy vet who never saw action in World War II, fixed a deer in his sights, squeezed the trigger--and landed flat on his back from the recoil.
Yes, in Keats' poems, life has a dreamy quality--but this is not a gorgeous swoon so much as the sense that somewhere, out of sight, we have already lived our actual lives, and that the life we are forced to feel through now is a posthumous remembrance of that earlier life, full of pain and loss.
They were gross, childish stag affairs: In plain sight of everyone, one colleague would caress her thigh, daring her to make him stop and inviting all the men in the room to giggle.
And that effort should be made, and money spent, to keep this idea in plain sight on the surface of the body.
The word popped out: Fallovian . Could I have been witnessing the birth of an eponym--as wondrous a sight in its way as our recent glimpse of an island-in-the-making off the coast of Hawaii?
Mangold and his cinematographer, Eric Alan Edwards, can't get enough of Garrison's terraced cliffs above the Hudson, and they rarely lose sight of the imposing Manhattan skyline.
Out of Sight was tender and charming, as was, in its gross-out way, There's Something About Mary . And, on the indie front, The Opposite of Sex , Buffalo 66 , and Pi have proved that there's still commercial life after Sundance.
And it's a far sight harder than artificial insemination.
In his response to my letter of Aug. 14, Paul Krugman is so determined to nail me as an economic illiterate that he loses sight of our original disagreements--and some of his own previous work.
The movie is a passable entertainment--call it The Half Monty . It has standard issue (but funny) farcical sight gags and a score of panpipes to provide the requisite undercurrent of Celtic melancholy.
A long piece chronicles the horrific civil war in the Sudan, where 2 million people have died, millions more have been displaced, and thousands have been enslaved, without any end in sight.
Out of sight , meaning "incredibly wonderful" or "extraordinary," is as current as ever; it goes back not to the '60s but to the '40s--the 1840s.
Times ' Kevin "I Gave At First Sight a Good Review" Thomas, correctly foreseeing that the studio would be desperate for advertising blurbs on this one, pumps the thing up: It's "a great-looking picture that zips along with grace, light on its feet."
I hate to use the term 'aim sights' ...
"Now, just a few short years later, the Clinton team is defensively and guiltily struggling to ignore the world's largest country, and top US officials disingenuously profess not to be worried by the sight of Russian blackjack bombers flying over Norway in a nose-thumbing gesture at the West."
The Wall Street Journal then gives its readers some tough love: "For those still inclined to say 'ick' at the sight of particleboard, the message is simple: Get used to it."
There, some of the world's most pretentious and absurd architecture beckons visitors from around the world to see such sights as in-house acrobats or an art museum, a battle of full-size pirate ships, or to tour an ersatz Paris, Egypt or other improbable replication.
"Yet little knots of human rights activists have been manhandled and herded by the Metropolitan Police in a desperate attempt to keep them out of sight and hearing of President Jiang."
Men are stimulated by sight, says LaHaye, women by words and touch.
But the NYT quotes her saying "I will not be able to say that the path to agreement is clear or that success is in sight" before having to leave to report back to President Clinton.
point-blank In ballistics, a weapon fired point-blank is one whose sights are aimed directly at a target so that the projectile speeds to its destination in a flat trajectory.
Though the manuscript remained out of sight yellowing in a footlocker for 43 years, the work was never completely out of mind, recalled on occasions when some special item caught ear or eye.
In similar incident, a copilot reports that the landing field was in sight by saying I've got it , with the result that the flying pilot let go of the controls.
He was keen to get to know the city and his friends in London society soon showed him the sights.
Ordinarily this is such a happy sight - an image of the anticipation that we feel inside as the holiday season approaches once again.
Cluster analysis, including the statistical correlations, has no corresponding highly focused sight for targeting specific similarities as opposed to non-specific similarities.
Leading organizations have recognized that a critical success factor in fostering a results-oriented culture is a performance management system that creates a "line of sight" showing how unit and individual performance can contribute to overall organizational goals and helping them understand the connection between their daily activities and the organization's success.
The young Rooney might have set his sights on Washington, D.C., like his uncle, former U.S.
They then set their sights on the islands of the Knights of St. John and, after an unsuccessful siege in 1480, they finally ejected the knights from the Dodecanese in 1522.
There are many guided bus tours to sights outside the city, and some are accessible by city bus.
Step out of the hotel and your senses will be bombarded by a range of sights, sounds, smells, tastes, and textures that let you know that you could only be in Jamaica.
If you want to be sure of not catching sight of anything risqué, follow the local people.
Whatever the latest theory, the Pyramids of Giza (the most well-known) are, without doubt, an amazing sight as you stand before them.
Do you want to see historic sights and tour museums and art galleries?
Even if the place had nothing else, it would be worth the trip, for the Taj, as one calls it affectionately, is a “sight” that awakens the wonder and enthusiasm of the most blasé, world-weary traveller.
Sacred to Hindus, it is a destination of devout pilgrimage on festive days for the sight of the imposing stalagmite called Shiva’s lingam; this phallic symbol stands for the god’s fertility, power, and creativity.
There are two main sights here.
The Emperor Justinian was so overwhelmed by the first sight of what his architects had achieved that he cried out, “Glory be to God that I have been judged worthy of such a work!
The town has more than enough sights to see, but you can taste much of its pleasures before you even set foot inside the museums, churches, and monuments.
To explore its fascinating subterranean sights, start with the “Whity Umeda,” under the Hankyu and Hanshin buildings, then move on to “Herbis Plaza” — but don’t expect to see daylight again for some time.
There is even a rare sight of yellow wheat fields — grown for beer and noodles rather than for bread (which is mostly imported).
To reach the sights of the outlying districts you have a choice between city buses and taxis; there you will find the Israel Museum, the Knesset (Israel’s Parliament), and the ministries and government offices all spread over the hilltops beyond West Jerusalem’s business and residential sections.
Its cobblestoned streets are full of atmospheric tascas (tapas bars) and restaurants, and they contain several of the city’s most important sights, including the Royal Palace, Plaza Mayor, Puerta del Sol, and Monasterio de las Decalzas Reales, Madrid’s most important convent.
Cloistered Franciscan nuns — a maximum of 33 (the age of Jesus when he died) but today far fewer — remain on the premises but stay out of sight during visiting hours.
A combined ticket covers all the sights in the palaces, gardens, and museums.
Maó’s star sight is its beautiful port, and the enjoyable promenade and restaurants and pastel-colored houses that line it.
Turn off towards the Barragem da Bravura, a dam, and you’ll be rewarded with a sight every bit as inspiring as its name.
You’re unlikely to see a boat coming in from another continent, but you are guaranteed the hustle, bustle, sights, smells, and sounds of one of the Olhão fish market, one of the Algarve’s best (the town is especially famous for its mussels and other shellfish).
Denied the sun, sand, and sin of Cuba by Fidel Castro’s takeover in 1959, hundreds of thousands of American vacationers set their sights on the Bahamas.
A truly awe-inspiring sight.
For sights farther afield, including Montjuïc, Barceloneta and the waterfront, Tibidabo, and two of the top Gaudí attractions, La Sagrada Familia and Parque Guëll, it’s best to make use of Barcelona’s excellent public transportation network — clean and efficient metro trains (subway), modern buses, funiculars, and cable cars — as well as plenty of inexpensive taxis (see Public Transportation, p.
Following the ancient city plan, we have divided the capital like a compass, with the downtown sights in the center surrounded by quadrants to the north, south, east, and west.
The Gibb’s Hill lighthouse overhead is only one of the sights on this 18-hole par-three course alongside the Southampton Princess Hotel.
The Historical Sights
Although commuter trains (see page 117) run from Boston to Salem, Manchester, Gloucester, and Rockport, in most cases you are discharged a long way from beaches and sights so again you really need a car.
Inside the pool area the walls are ivy-clad and there is some sumptuous statuary, but even more interesting than the architecture of the baths is the bizarre sight of groups of men playing chess while immersed in warm water (their boards are supported on small jetties protruding into the pool).
If you have a car, one way to begin your visit is to travel along 49-Mile Drive, which provides a comprehensive tour of the main sights.
From the valley meadows you can hike, bike (rentals at Yosemite Lodge or Curry Village), or take the shuttle bus to all the principal sights.
But the sight of whole banana fists growing wild is a novelty and the easy-to-follow video that precedes the self-guided tour makes learning fun.
Central Sights
Perhaps the liveliest sight in Chongqing is the 1,000-year-old Luohan Temple, where blind fortune-tellers and devoted followers of Buddha converge from dawn to dusk.
If historic monuments are relatively rare here, it doesn’t mean the city lacks for sights.
Among the celebrated sights are the Valley of the Stone Sutra, where sixth-century Buddhists carved the text of the Diamond Sutra into a smooth stream bed; the pine tree that sheltered the first emperor on his climb; and a final ladder of 2,000 stone steps leading to the Pavilion That Touches the Sky.
The sights include a thousand-year-old wooden temple and a Ming Dynasty library in a pretty garden.
Continuing along 25 August Street leads to the waterfront and the majestic sight of the Venetian fortress (Koúles), built to protect the old harbor.
The sight is 11 km (7 miles) southeast of Havana in San Francisco de Paula, so you will have to take a taxi.
The sights, sounds, and smells of old Kathmandu bombard the senses.
Most important sight in the neighborhood is the monumental Hôtel des Invalides, established by Louis XIV as the first national hospital and retirement home for soldiers wounded in action.
The standout sights, however, are up on the hill above town.
Vila Real itself is somewhat less than fascinating, but it’s surrounded by several interesting sights nearby, and the Alvão and Marão mountain ranges rise abruptly just outside town, making this an excellent base for hiking and climbing.
At the southern tip, just before the road turns west to Sagres, are the coast’s most spectacular sights.
Old San Juan is without doubt one of the most spectacular sights of the Caribbean.
More likely than not, they’re trying to catch sight of the giant tarpon that have taken to swimming around in the shallows.
Quality alone isn't enough to propel a film to great box-office heights, as the recent failures of Out of Sight and Rushmore demonstrate.
The sight of Felicity choosing Ben is the sight of the WB flunking that test.
If the cost of acquisition is hidden by a write-off, it's hidden in plain sight, since the company announces it quite publicly.
Ventura has dropped out of sight.
Steven Soderbergh's The Limey is one of my favorites this year not because I think it's such a great film (or even as much fun as Out of Sight ) but because I'm so exhilarated by its doubling and tripling and quadrupling back.
And it's plausible that a car is such a big purchase that many people are going to be uncomfortable buying one online, sight unseen.
The government should have advised the public earlier about risks (as it did with AIDS) and should have spent more on research (a cure is still nowhere in sight).
Out of Sight
Movie -- Out of Sight ;
There is a solution in sight, however, and she tells us that she is a part of it.
In an editorial titled "Starr Should Not Tarry," the Post Express cautioned the independent counsel not to "lose sight of the broader picture": It said his office was created not only "to assure the unfettered investigation of charges against the highest government officials" but also to ensure "that a prosecutorial judgement be rendered in a timely manner."
We seem to have lost sight of the fact that democracy is as much about procedures as about preferred outcomes, excusing Boris Yeltsin's use of tanks against his own Parliament and his dispatch of troops to Chechnya a year later.
BC: Quite a sight, eh?
The Enquirer provides details about how Monica set her sights on her man, went after him despite all obstacles, and how and where she consummated the affair with ...
One early critic of this trend, Sherman Lee, then director of the Cleveland Museum of Art, complained 20 years ago that NEH "tends to lose sight of the fundamental purpose of an art exhibition, which is not to illustrate history but to allow an art work to be understood and enjoyed as a work of art."
From the opening to "In Plain Sight":
When a female goes into heat she thrusts out her "swelling," and any male in sight, from the sweet old local minister to Dad, is invited to partake.
Most of all, they share an almost fetishistic desire to re-create a writer's life sight by sight and smell by smell.
Instead of love at first sight, Lidie's romance with cold, fussy Thomas is slow and confusing, and halfway through the book, just as she's prepared to investigate the possibility that they're in love, he's suddenly murdered.
What's special about her is her job, chief medical examiner of Virginia, which allows her to witness more gruesome sights than one could dream of.
The worldwide symbol for "cocktail lounge" is a martini glass with olive, even though martinis themselves are a relatively uncommon sight these days.
The sun was sinking out of sight at the end of 43 rd Street, where signs no longer read "43 rd Street" but instead "43 rd Street: Adolph S. Ochs Street," in tongue-twisting homage to the patriarch of the New York Times . Five or six neon-striped storefronts seem to have sprouted in the past five or six days.
Produced by the same team that made Leonard's Get Shorty , Out of Sight is stuffed with amazing actors, among them Ving Rhames as Clooney's buddy, Don Cheadle as a mercurial psychopath and, in unbilled cameos, Michael Keaton and Samuel L. Jackson Jr.
Particularly frustrating for abstainers: A cry of "down in front" will not dampen a rollicking Wave, so sight lines are blocked at regular time intervals.
We are entering the golden age of humanity, and to be a little sci-fi, people can now imagine there really might be a new form of life heaving into sight: a hybrid of organic [us] with human-created technology.
No solution is in sight.
An article profiles Leon Wieseltier, the crack literary editor of the New Republic . Wieseltier virtually dropped out of sight after hobnobbing with the literati elite during his mid-'80s "summit of punditry."
Movie -- At First Sight ;
Just the sight of Mastering Linux induced the stomach-churning sense of dread that my sixth-grade math textbook once gave me: "I don't get this.
Die Welt of Germany declared "peace in sight" and La Repubblica of Rome said it was "finally possible to talk of hope;" but the British press was much more wary.
The Globe notes conspiratorially that his wife, Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy, was "nowhere in sight."
The SCMP concluded, "Kosovars are better off than under Serb control, but there is no peaceful solution in sight."
The second film this summer featuring a little boy who sees dead people gets decent reviews, but most say it's not as good as the similar box office smash The Sixth Sense . Echoes focuses on the little boy's father, played by Kevin Bacon in "one of his best performances" (Roger Ebert, the Chicago Sun-Times ). Bacon also possesses second sight, not to mention a compulsion to dig up his backyard following an impromptu hypnosis session at a party.
Backpacker, he thought, and put away his bottle, Not wanting it a stranger's first sight of him, Cheered it might be someone who liked a line of chatter, He, not having spoken to anything but a worm All day in the forest instead of at work.
The money is low; the crowds are small; and there's not a TV camera in sight.
At USA Today , the Iraq combat is on the front below the fold, Cambodia is nowhere in sight and the lead is the real possibility that the NBA season will be canceled combined with a warning from the head of the players' union that if so, the players might start their own league.
An author's ideology is kind of like the weather in a foreign country: After a few days you learn to dress for it, and you can enjoy the sights without paying it much mind.
Thou spreadest a table for me in the sight of my enemies.
Out of sight, out of mind.
At first sight this might appear to be a British regional dialect word, but there is no possible etymon even remotely like it recorded in Wright or the OED .
Herron Student Exhibition -Current Show Herron Senior Exhibition Invasions of Privacy-A Video Exhibition Patrick Dougherty-Enclosures: A Sight Specific Installation
At the outer reaches of principle, we find the great maxim invoked in the Gettysburg Address: All human beings are equal in the sight of God.
Then too there is the mystery of the emergence of novel functionalities in evolution where none existed before: hearing, sight, flight, language.
Living in Afghanistan, interacting constantly with the Taliban, the al Qaeda leaders would never lose sight of the situation in that country.
Involving front-line employees in the goal-setting process also helps create a clear "line of sight" throughout the organization so that everyone understands what the organization is trying to achieve and the goals it seeks to reach.
15 A cascading set of resultsoriented performance agreements is one mechanism in a performance management system that creates a "line of sight" showing how individual employees can contribute to overall organizational goals.
To counter this, the populations moved from their homes on the coast and built settlements inland, out of sight of the raiding parties.
It’s an ideal way for the visitor to reach outlying sights and villages.
You’ll find that the Old City’s myriad colours, sounds, smells, and tastes stir the senses; the Temple Mount’s architecture can take your breath away; pilgrims tracing Christ’s journey to Calvary along the Via Dolorosa remain a deeply moving sight; and the views from the Mount of Olives are stunning.
From medieval mountain villages and the dramatic lunar landscape of Mallorca’s Formentor promontory to mysterious prehistoric settlements and isolated beaches accessible only by foot on Menorca, the islands abound with sights that are anything but blandly international.
The Edinburgh and Lothians Tourist Board produces automobile tours for East Lothian, West Lothian, and Midlothian, with suggested itineraries, opening times, and prices for various sights and attractions.
Their white sails make a beautiful sight, especially at sunset.
Location of the Taj Mahal, Agra is the most popular sight in India.
The sight of the two of them was felt to be an effective means of getting at the truth.
One of the most memorable sights of the Quarter is the graceful arch of the defunct Hurva Synagogue, most recently destroyed in 1948 and left unrestored in memory of the area’s turbulent history.
The outlying sights of St. Saviour in Chora and Yedikule are best reached by taxi.
But the imposing weight of its past is lightened by the lively cosmopolitan studentry of its two universities (its state university, one of Italy’s largest, was founded in 1270; its international division was set up by Mussolini) and its contemporary popularity as the sight of one of Europe’s most important jazz festivals each July.
Osaka will win no urban beauty contests, but there are plenty of sights to see here, including a couple of interesting museums, a remarkable aquarium, and an underground shopping complex that might be the world’s largest.
To take in the sight of the great shrine against the glorious setting sun, spend the night at one of Miyajima’s many Japanese-style hotels and inns, preferably a family-run ryokan or pension (see page 228).After dinner, don your cotton yukata robe and pad out the short distance back to the Itsukushima Shrine.
The collection point for the tunnel’s water, the Pool of Siloam, is believed to be the place where Jesus restored sight to a blind man.
If it’s not hidden in cloud cover, the sight certainly ranks as one of the most beautiful on the island.
Though one of Madrid’s top sights, many visitors still miss it.
But here the civic sights take second place to the royal parks and palaces.
But the town’s principal sight is the Via Crucis (Way of the Cross), a long, steep climb of 365 steps, lined with 365 cypress trees, that lead to El Calvari and the venerated church with a rhyming name, Mare de Déu del Peu de la Creu (Mother of God at the Foot of the Cross).
At the southern tip, just before it turns west to Sagres, are the coast’s most spectacular sights.
Yet it is a spectacular sight.
Today it is home to the Agora Museum and displays numerous artifacts found at this extensive sight.
The first sight that will attract your attention is the Straw Market on Market Plaza, which backs onto Woodes Rodgers Walk.
You won’t find many notable temples, palaces, or other historic sites, but visitors to Lombok are rewarded with the pleasures of the island’s relaxed, rustic ways: the sight of water buffaloes and their calves; hens, and chicks dashing across your path; sudden views of blue sea dotted with sails.
Two of Barcelona’s signature sights, Gaudí’s unfinished cathedral La Sagrada Familia and his fantasy-land residential community, Parque Guëll, are on the northern outskirts of the Eixample (easily accessible by taxi or metro).
North of the Beijing Zoo, across the Nanchang River, is one of Beijing’s most beautiful sights, the Five Pagoda Temple (Wu Ta Si).
(Details of the main sights are given on page 41.)
You can see the main historical sights in a day, but you’ll need a second visit to appreciate Concord’s rich literary heritage.
Don’t miss the ﬂoodlit view of the bridge — it’s one of the city’s ﬁnest sights.
The basalt “organ-pipes” of Szentgyörgyhegy are an especially ﬁne sight.
At the table set for 22 guests, Hearst’s dilettantism is emphasized by the sight of splendid, solid silver Queen Anne candlesticks and wine cisterns, which are set beside tomato ketchup, pickles, and mustard, all in their original bottles and jars.
Take a full day so that you have time to explore some of the sights on foot.
Developers, however, have resolved this problem very innovatively by literally building into the cliff sides themselves, and this often leaves visitors with the rather surreal sight of wall-to-wall development taking up every inch of these steep bays.
Sights worth seeing in town include the Chongqing People’s Hall, built in 1953 to serve as a 4,000-seat conference hall and hotel.
An additional incentive for visiting in autumn is the sight and fragrance of osmanthus (cassia) blossoms all over town; in fact, the name Guilin means “Cassia Woods.”
Other sights worth lingering over in the old inner city include the 14th-century Panmen Gate, where a magnificent arched bridge crosses a canal linking Suzhou to the Grand Canal.
The following cities and sights are among the additional attractions that might be included on tours and itineraries.
Sights to look for include the Callejon de las Flores (Alley of the Flowers), which is lined with houses built around flower-filled patios that are typical of Córdoba, and the 14th-century sinagoga (synagogue) in the street called Judios.
Vedado’s top sight, though, is the Cementerio de Cristóbal Colón (Columbus Cemetery).
Within and beyond the valley are many more sights worth taking in on day trips, including viewpoints on the valley’s rim from where you can see the Himalayas at sunrise and sunset, particularly recommended if you are not planning to go trekking.
While you glide along, multilingual commentaries tell you about the sights.
Perched on the edge of the Bairro Alto is one of Lisbon’s most evocative sights, the shell of the 14th-century Igreja do Carmo, which was packed with worshippers on All Saints’ Day, 1755, when the terrible earthquake brought the roof down.
The white almond blossoms in spring are one of the most sublime sights in Portugal.
By far the most interesting sight in town, though, is the Fábrica Real de Tapeçarias (Tapestry Factory), housed in a 17th-century Jesuit school, where dozens of women use great handlooms to weave carpets from thousands of different shades of wool.
The trip takes just 20 minutes — less time than it would take to drive to and over the new bridge — and the white town of Ayamonte is a fine sight as you approach it from the river.
Continuing beyond this sight, you’ll pass some rather careworn buildings before reaching Parque Muñoz Rivera, one of the places where local families like to relax on the weekends.
