Both lakes are also parallel to the strike of normal faulting with a NNW–SSE extension in the upland border (Dumont et al., 1988).
Then the stake came down into his back and one, two, three strikes with the hammer drove it in.
Strikes racked the town during the forties, fifties, and sixties, and they were often long and bloody.
This prohibited strikes and lockout, angering workers and driving productivity and laborer morale down.
Also, a perfect strike.
TV strike is over.

He wondered aloud how much evidence the United States would need in order to deal with these countries, pointing out that major strikes could take up to 60 days to assemble.
It drew on the Infinite Resolve "phased campaign" plan the Pentagon had begun developing in November 2000 as an addition to the strike options it had been refining since 1998.
In Phase Two, air strikes and Special Operations attacks would hit key al Qaeda and Taliban targets.
The Phase Two strikes and raids began on October 7. The basing arrangements contemplated for Phase One were substantially secured-after arduous effort-by the end of that month.
Mohammed Atef, al Qaeda's military commander and a principal figure in the 9/11 plot, had been killed by a U.S. air strike.
These difficulties produce such monstrosities as sutoraike for English `strike'—one syllable in English, five in Japanese.
After the August 1998 missile strikes in Afghanistan, naval vessels remained on station in or near the region, prepared to fire cruise missiles.
Matthew: The political use of a gay man's gruesome death" strikes me as harsh and callous.
As Arab armies massed on the borders of Israel in 1967, the Israeli Air Force destroyed the air forces of Egypt, Syria, Jordan, and Iraq with a preemptive strike.
Other interesting stories from the NYT 's Iraq package report that 1) President Clinton's decision to terminate the Iraq strike came just 15 minutes before the missiles were to launch; and 2) The French are miffed at Sen.
A laser strikes one as a particularly infelicitous tool for grits-slicing.
The UPS strike settlement is everybody's lead.
The new republic was conceived amid an orgy of strikes, church-burnings, and uprisings of the right and left.
Air strikes were threatened in October 1998; a full-scale NATO bombing campaign against Serbia was launched in March 1999.
The Special Operations plans were apparently conceived as another quick strike option-an option to insert forces after the United States received actionable intelligence.
Lech Walesa, a shipyard electrician, led worker strikes in Gdansk.
The initial strikes had been called Operation Infinite Reach.
General Wojciech Jaruzelski adopted a hard line and declared martial law in December 1981 in response to continued strikes across Poland.
Gerald Solomon was "furious in accusing the president of using the Iraqi air strikes as a political foil to impeachment," and that former Bush Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger said the operation's timing "smells to high heaven."
It will overrepresent those whose passing strikes others as newsworthy and underrepresent those who end their days in retired obscurity in some sunny clime.
He briefed Berger on the "Infinite Resolve" strike options developed since 1998, which the Joint Staff and CENTCOM had refined during the summer into a list of 13 possibilities or combinations.
24 meeting will issue a "balanced" statement opposing fresh U.S. strikes against Iraq and also coming out against assistance to the Iraqi opposition in its goal of bringing down Saddam.
Several weeks ago I spoke with a New York City organizer about the disastrous newspaper strike in Detroit.
I am writing to compliment James Surowiecki on his simultaneously rigorous and humanistic analysis of the General Motors strike ("Moneybox," June 10).
Hot and cold air masses "clash," storms "strike," and sweeping "fronts" ravage the nation.
Although even the United Farm Workers considers the strike against table grapes to be "dormant," until last Thursday it was still going strong, reports the Wall Street Journal , at Harvard.
The Aug. 24 page offers straight-ahead pieces on the UPS strike and on current understanding of the cosmos, but the datelines are East Hampton, N.Y., and Chilmark, Mass.
That a man could have such a long acting career in and around Hollywood, display none of his profession's characteristic egotism and self-absorption, and maintain close, intimate family relationships, including a 54 year marriage, strikes me as remarkable, indeed.
Strikes, Lies, and Videotape
Clarke hoped the August 1998 missile strikes would mark the beginning of a sustained campaign against Bin Ladin.
The similar missile strike stories include maps of the attack sites and diagrams of the Tomahawk missile but little news.
But the concern strikes me as misplaced.
The original Star Wars , sporting touched-up audio and new visual effects, will soon be followed by The Empire Strikes Back and The Return of the Jedi . Critics are bubbling with nostalgia for the film's nostalgia.
Strikes against this theory: a) Lewinsky doesn't have enough knowledge of the law.
, relatively low civilian-casualty) strikes and Saddam escapes, as he did in 1991, the Republicans can charge him with timid leadership (unsurprising from a chicken who dodged the draft).
The Secretary was informed of the second strike in New York during the briefing; he resumed the briefing while awaiting more information.
Zinni was even less enthusiastic than Cohen and Shelton about follow-on cruise missile strikes.
Tim Russert grills him on the issues: Trump advocates a pre-emptive strike on North Korean nuclear facilities and declares nuclear proliferation his highest priority.
The misanthropic engineers, the monotonic human-resource drones, the evangelistic marketers, even the nontechnical but talented girlfriend all strike painfully home.
Shanker crippled New York City's school system in the late 1960s with strikes against school decentralization.
And now, most damningly, some conservatives are contending that Carey instigated the UPS strike in order to distract attention from his own troubles.
The WP reports that a spokesman for House Ways and Means Chairman Bill Archer complained about Clinton's "pre-emptive strike against tax relief."
In fairness, we note two points: First, in December 1998, the principals' wariness about ordering a strike appears to have been vindicated: Bin Ladin left his room unexpectedly, and if a strike had been ordered he would not have been RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 141 hit.
The UPS strike makes everybody's front page, but only leads at USA Today . The Los Angeles Times leads with California's passage of a welfare reform bill that would for the first time ever subject state recipients to strict time limits and work requirements, along with a companion measure that would ban from the rolls for life anyone convicted of a drug felony.
Even with a bunch of terrorists conveniently assembled in a single spot, the cruise missile strike in Afghanistan was self-defeating: It no doubt guaranteed Osama Bin Laden 10 new recruits for every terrorist who was killed.
Example: "It is dangerous for an American president to launch a military strike, however justified, at a time when many will conclude he acted only out of narrow self-interest to forestall or postpone his own impeachment" ( Wall Street Journal editorial).
Even Clarke's note challenging Rice to imagine the day after an attack posits a strike that kills "hundreds" of Americans.
When Columbia University undergraduates wanted an ethnic studies major a couple of years ago, they held a successful hunger strike on campus.
The Orangemen threatened to call a general strike, and authorities agreed to let them stage another march in Belfast next week.
But while Carey is the first union official in a generation to intrude on America's public consciousness, and while the UPS strike is the most important and disruptive walkout since Reagan busted the air-traffic controllers in 1981, the Carey backlash is already under way.
He has to do everything--call pitches, throw out base-stealers, reposition infielders, chase down foul balls, calm pitchers, doctor the ball, establish a rapport with the umpire so he calls a big strike zone, chase bunts, run down toward first base to back up the throw from shortstop and, worst of all, guard home plate even if it means getting bowled over by charging opponents.
But now, says the paper's headline, "Long Strike Likely."
That strikes me as a shade less than clinically reliable; in fact, it makes me angry!
It has a predatory cousin, the Preemptive Strike.”
As Jack Rawlins said, ...to make up words that carry just the right scent, that strike the reader as new and familiar simultaneously, is extremely challenging, and Vance is a master at it.
That is, a surprise cocaine high that strikes at random.
Experts speculated that the announcement of the proposal--which cannot become policy until after parliamentary elections later this year--was aimed at warning Pakistan against a first strike and at reassuring the world of India's sense of nuclear responsibility.
Strikes Back."
Across the board, in fact, investors are willing to overlook short-term losses due to strikes if they feel that a company's hard line will pay off in lower costs down the road.
Nothing strikes me as intellectually and morally more impoverished than the current trend in constitutional scholarship to believe that the wishes, desires, and intentions of the founders should determine the content of our Constitution.
Finding his woods "infested" with an endangered species, the red-cockaded woodpecker, a North Carolina landowner launched a preemptive strike.
One can debate endlessly about the merits and demerits of the walkout (and that is exactly what Walter Oi and Thomas Geoghegan are doing in Slate's "Dialogue" titled "The UPS Strike"), but it's hard to claim that Carey trumped up the strike.
"The first strike would therefore only be the prelude to a long offensive."
Tamil zealots threatened statewide strikes and a demonstration before the Chief Minister's residence seeking immediate withdrawal of the directive.
Authority was a bad joke to them until they ran into "three strikes, you're out": the disastrous outcome for both society at large and individuals when society fails to meet its responsibility to take preventive actions early--both nurturing and controlling actions.
In fairness, we note two points: First, in December 1998, the principals' wariness about ordering a strike appears to have been vindicated: Bin Ladin left his room unexpectedly, and if a strike had been ordered he would not have been RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 141 hit.
But if you think today's Cuba is a regime on a par with Pol Pot's Cambodia--something that strikes me as ludicrous--or Ceausescu's Romania (more plausible), then I could see the case for insisting that he stay even if you normally favor Dad's rights.
There was a succession of right-wing attempts to govern and Spain floundered in a sea of political strikes and violence.
With Hillary and Chelsea Clinton already in Istanbul, and Bill Clinton due there from Ankara later this week for a summit of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, the Guardian of London fronted Monday the claim that the disastrous earthquakes in northwestern Turkey were "a prelude to a cataclysmic strike in Istanbul."
While Steely Dan and Frank Zappa strike me as tributaries pretty distant from the mainstream Miller was trying to trace, I think you're correctly suspicious of disco's absence--and not just as a high-point of decadence.
Ellis is a former police officer and real estate agent [this last strikes Chatterbox as a cheap shot] who, it turns out, is also a convicted felon."
By the next evening on CNN's Capital Gang , O'Beirne had fused her two salient NewsHour points--the IMF smells like corporate welfare and a unilateral strike against Iraq is warranted--into a Unified Bill Clinton Theory.
And he has led a strike whose aims are embarrassingly modest by the standards of old labor: a piddling raise, a few more full-time jobs, and a small change in the pension plan.
USAT goes with the outbreak of a sympathy strike at a second Flint, Michigan GM plant.
USAT puts Clinton in Mexico on page nine, leading instead with the Army's expected announcement today that it will initiate the creation of quick response "strike forces" of 3,000 to 5,000 troops to ultimately replace its current World War II-era organization based on divisions of between 12,000 and 15,000 soldiers.
("Picasso was born in 1881," notes James Fenton in the New York Review of Books . "To accuse a man of cowardice for not having joined up in 1939 when he was in his late fifties strikes me as a complete novelty, and it would have been a novelty to those Allied soldiers who, on the liberation of Paris, flocked to Picasso's studio as a place of pilgrimage."
Otherwise there was mostly gloom in Europe, about the prospect of NATO strikes on Serbia.
He is also quoted saying that other strikes were "not as successful."
(The first wave will be cruise-missile strikes on radar and communications centers.
Everyone but the WP gives front-page play to the continuing Northwest Airlines pilot strike.
A WP front-pager continues the review of the U.S.'s strike on the Sudan in retaliation for the embassy bombings.
UPS chairman James Kelly responded with the warning that a two-week strike could mean the layoff of 15,000 union workers and once again called for President Clinton to intervene.
It is called “chatter” by Jessica's manager (male), who attempts to teach his grade-school “persons of summer” the finer points of the game, and who often exhorts them from the sidelines, “Let's hear a little bit of chatter, now,” to which Jessica and the males on the team readily and rapidly respond “Alright, keed, knock it down his (or her, when applicable, and the pitcher for the opposing team is also female) throat” in support of a teammate at bat, or “Hit it to me,” “Make him hit it onna ground,” “Punch him out (current jargon for exhorting one's own pitcher to put out the opposing batter on strikes, known as a strikeout)” and suchlike.
The Joint Staff 's deputy director for operations agreed, even though he told us that later intelligence appeared to show that Bin Ladin had left his quarters before the strike would have occurred.
Zinni's planners surely considered the two previous times the United States had used force to respond to terrorism, the 1986 strike on Libya and the 1993 strike against Iraq.
Japanese commentators have happily adopted the American jargon of “Strike one, ball two,” “home run,” and “pinch hit. ”
China Daily said Friday in an editorial that behind America's "barbaric air strikes against Yugoslavia" lies a plan to divide Europe and dominate the world.
In the Sala della Pace (Hall of Peace, council chamber of the Nine Patricians), the full force of Siena’s civic pride strikes home in the impressive allegorical frescoes (1337–1339) by another local master, Ambrogio Lorenzetti.
An article claims that racial animus is contributing to the NBA strike.
It is common knowledge among criminologists that "the death penalty strikes first and foremost at the underprivileged.
Rauch strikes back, gleeful in his further discovery of docudramatic distortion in Reich's backhanded self-aggrandizement.
CENTCOM added a new "phased campaign"concept for wider-ranging strikes, including attacks against the Taliban.
The election will have to be rerun, but Carey may have the advantage because he triumphed in the strike.
The Academics Strike Back
USAT says some of the strikes targeted Iraqi Republican Guard bases in southern Iraq and that two people had died in Baghdad and 30 were wounded as a result of hits there.
Clinton's quick retaliation seems less bold considering U.S. intelligence felt a strike against bin Laden was justified prior to the Aug. 7 embassy bombings.
Maybe, except the whole effect strikes me as too tussled to be a toupee.
In exchange for the reinstatements, the union agreed not to impose fines or other sanctions on the 4,000 UAW members who crossed picket lines during the 1994-1995 strike.
This strikes me as just as much a testament to the campaign's poor morale and weak organization as it is to the skill of reporters like Seelye.
"I just wanted to throw strikes and make them hit the ball," he told the man from the Times .
I confess that I have only today worked my way through the last chapters of Morris' book, and what strikes me is that it actually gets worse as it moves farther away from its unconventional literary techniques.
And in chainlike fashion, workers at other tire plants were notified about the strike and its issues and encouraged to email their solidarity to HQ as well.
Aside from the fact that the accusation is simply false--Powell strikes me as downright visionary about politics, portraying the American involvement in World War II in A Time To Be Born as a media war much like Grenada--it is yet another time-honored way of dismissing women's work.
This strikes me as bunk.
And USA Today leads with the resumption of talks in the UPS strike.
The NYT reports that UPS is losing between $30-$50 million a day, and the LAT says the dispute "is on its way to becoming the biggest and costliest strike in a generation."
The strike has made many aware for the first time just how central UPS has been to the daily workings of the economy (80 percent of all package delivery) and if this is true and not just tactical posturing, then that economy is in for a noticeable change.
(The strike development does not make the Washington Post first-edition front, nor oddly, that of the paper with the most time to handle the late-breaking story, the Los Angeles Times .) The WP leads with the widening probe into the NYC police brutality case, which, the paper reports, produced the arrests of two more cops yesterday and which will now include a federal civil rights investigation.
It says a lot more than one strike will be needed to do that.
This strikes Culturebox as a mortal condition.
In part, this may be because Frum is a bit of a snob; practically the only argument in the book that strikes Chatterbox as truly passionate is Frum's withering denunciation of the old-line northern Protestant sects for failing, in trying to make Christianity more "relevant," to attract new members.
MLB has no salary cap, and attempts to impose one sparked the 1994-1995 strike by the players union, resulting in the first cancellation of a World Series in 90 years.
. Also, an article on the averted American Airlines strike: Time cautions that walkouts are possible at USAir, United, and Northwest, too.
Newsweek 's war preview includes a map listing U.S. weaponry and its concentrations, thumbnail sketches of American military commanders, a short essay from Madeleine Albright explaining the need for a military strike, and a story on Saddam Hussein's intricate security measures (he maintains surgically altered body doubles).
An article notes an unpublicized cost of the General Motors strike: It is delaying the launch of GM's new sport utility vehicle, the GMT800.
The Empire Strikes Back: Special Edition
Movie -- The Empire Strikes Back: Special Edition ;
Strike One was the rooster.
Newt Gingrich said that if the evidence holds up, the United States should consider a military strike against Iran.
The Wall Street Journal points out that this decision influenced the strike's outcome.
, moving jobs overseas), they settled the material disputes and ended the strike.
Heads turn at other desks as big-band music strikes up and the Diet Coke drinker spins away in his desk chair.
Personal attacks are advance work for Starr's report, a preliminary strike against Clinton's sky-high approval ratings (Hunt; Tony Blankley, NBC's Meet the Press ). Newt is simply more comfortable being mean--at heart he's a "bomb thrower" (Clift; joined by Robert Novak, Capital Gang ; and Morton Kondracke, The McLaughlin Group ).
An opinion poll commissioned by the newspaper showed that 55 percent of French citizens wanted France to remain neutral in any U.S. attack on Iraq, but the same percentage thought that the prime objective of any U.S. strike should be "to eliminate Saddam Hussein."
Although the results of the strikes in Sudan and Afghanistan could not be immediately confirmed, the critical factor here is not the damage that was caused but the signal that Washington sent in response to surging international Islamic fundamentalist terrorism."
Sunday's LAT reports that over the weekend, some Latino workers in L.A. started a hunger strike on the steps of City Hall.
One can debate endlessly about the merits and demerits of the walkout (and that is exactly what Walter Oi and Thomas Geoghegan are doing in Slate's "Dialogue" titled "The UPS Strike"), but it's hard to claim that Carey trumped up the strike.
He is a long shot: He lacks business experience, and he alienated owners with his pro-player stance during the strike.
The only solution is a pre-emptive strike.
It would be interesting to know what role Herman played in the president's decision to break the American Airlines pilots' strike.
The cruise missile strike against Bin Laden eerily mirrored the latest Bond movie, Tomorrow Never Dies , which opens with a cruise missile strike against a terrorist gathering in Central Asia.
At a 1995 press conference, just after President Clinton and Reich have failed to settle the baseball strike, Reich has reporters asking the following questions: "Mr.
For most of this century, in fact, the history of unionism in the South was one of broken strikes, employer violence, and unkept promises.
It was also the product of a coherent strategy for creating a more flexible, lower-cost workforce, a strategy that only worked because Cat was willing to endure a long strike and reduced profits (at least $100 million in 1991-1992) in order to get what it wanted.
An AP dispatch quoted in both USAT and the WSJ states that the Saudis will not allow any Iraq strikes to originate from their country.
So maybe the questions he proliferates here (here, unlike in his books, he questions the notion of a "surgical" strike, and here he wonders, "Who has told us that it is OK to kill women and children?"
But he did ask about the potential casualties in a strike, both among Iraqi civilians and American pilots.
The NYT reports that in the hours just prior to conducting the tests, Pakistan summoned India's diplomatic envoy and accused India of planning a pre-emptive military strike on Pakistan's atomic testing center.
Perhaps that's why he has always seemed to want to preclude critical judgment with pre-emptive strikes within his prose, anticipating our responses and silencing us.
When private force failed, employers persuaded local and state governments to suspend due process of law, arrest suspected troublemakers, initiate mass deportations, and crush strikes with National Guardsmen--using what Commons and his associates called all "the paraphernalia of dictatorship."
Foul-smelling and haggard from a six-day hunger strike, ...
Johnson's survival, combined with the passage of 100 years, made impeachment, by the time of Watergate, seem like an altogether unlikely scenario--the equivalent, as historian Stanley Kutler has written, of a nuclear first strike.
Since I neither read his article on China nor wrote him a letter, the logic that leads Krugman to a gratuitous strike at me is unclear.
As Chernow himself puts it: "With additional oil strikes in California, Indian Territory (later Oklahoma), Kansas, and Illinois in the early 1900s, the industry became too vast and far-flung for even Standard Oil to control.
Corriere della Sera of Milan reported from New York that Germany also opposes an American strike against Iraq.
Al Rai said that "the real aim of this strike is to get rid of Saddam Hussein and, in such a case, the real loser is international legitimacy and law."
They say the new U.S. policy is to contain and deter Iraq's weapons programs (possibly through periodic military strikes), maintain economic sanctions, and foster Iraqi opposition groups in the hope of deposing Saddam Hussein.
Strikes by power workers because they received no wages and a general slackening of labor discipline in the industry caused a rise in accidents, the paper said.
An Israeli military strike would run into an American response.
A 17-day 1996 strike, the paper says, ended up costing the company $900 million, adding that continuing strikes at GM could have effects throughout the economy.
The LAT sums up the trouble looming for both sides and the general economy in the GM strike: the five-week stoppage is already the most expensive ever experienced by a U.S. automaker and the longest since 1970.
The LAT , which also fronts the story, quotes the company's CEO saying this is not an actual strike vote and that so far the plant's schedule has not been changed.
But the move strikes at Russia's solidest post-Soviet economic accomplishments: a stable currency and low inflation.
Each paper reports that the Clinton administration claimed moderate success and warned of possible strikes against terrorists in the near future.
The NYT adds another fascinating revelation about last week's military action: the number-two officer in the Pentagon traveled to Pakistan just before the strikes so that he could be on-hand to reassure the Pakistani military that the missiles were not an attack by India.
Minneapolis, another city served primarily by Northwest, will soon run out of flowers and fresh fish if the strike does not end, claims a WSJ piece.
Greenblatt isn't against all forms of poetic license, though--just those that strike him as politically incorrect.
Nevertheless, the article concludes, if the strikes don't stop the atrocities in Kosovo within a "few days," ground troops should be sent in.
Downside: Could be the night God's wrath descends on Rupert Murdoch, killing hundreds of literacy volunteers in corollary damage from lightning strike.
The newspaper said Beijing has not done enough research on long-distance precision missile strikes.
The nuclear gap between the two countries has widened in India's favor: "Pakistan's generals may not mind sacrificing a few hundred of their soldiers and Afghan mercenaries to Indian air strikes, but they are not going to expose their own cities to needless risk."
Despite achieving their primary goals, Mexican students are still on strike.
Additionally, over the past year the society has been striking deals, such as a partnership with barnesandnoble.com, and upgrading its online services--activities that strike Journal editors as too commercial.
It is funny to think that our army--in which 'surgical strikes' are useless because enlisted men shake the TNT out of the bombs and sell it--could consider fighting a country in which war is considered the one worthy male occupation."
The Emporium Strikes Back
And three Jewish parents who lost children to terrorist attacks began a hunger strike outside Netanyahu's office.
The same plane, the paper reminds, she used while traveling last August just before U.S. cruise missile strikes into Afghanistan and Sudan.
Everybody leads with the U.S. air strike against Iraq.
The Washington Post reports that according to intelligence sources, the first wave of the strike caught Iraqi forces off-guard, before they could get very far into their usual defensive practice of dispersing their equipment.
USAT reports a U.S. first--the opening wave of strikes against Iraq included a female Navy carrier pilot.
The reader is left puzzled, since it seems obvious that if a military unit were to take charge during any sort of domestic terrorist strike it would have to do precisely that, and besides, the U.S. military is already involved with law enforcement.
The NYT reports that Clinton "set no clear timetable" for action and that 48 to 72 hours would pass between NATO orders and actual strikes.
It used its police power on behalf of mining and industrial interests to break strikes, beat up demonstrators, and deport immigrants with the wrong ideas.
But what about a reference by MacNeil's partner, Jim Lehrer, to “some ten thousand black gold and diamond miners [on strike in South Africa].”
There is, of course, no final word on this subject, but I should like to add one more brief quotation that strikes at the heart of the matter:
Language Maven Strikes Again
This book included, with wonderful drawings, such wildlife as The Untouchable Incumbent, The Viable Alternative, The Running Gamut, The Qualm, The Budgetary Shortfall , and The Gobbledegook . I cannot imagine how they could have missed Swift's Utter Gall, Preemptive Strike , and Sheer Audacity . Perhaps those are so common in Washington as to be overlooked.
The average reader, who might require a dictionary, and the normal customer, with an antipathy to pig's head and sweetbreads, strike me as being the putative gastro-brothers of Toniben's ordinary working man or the man on the Clapham omnibus.
A couple of observations in the review, whether Strauss's or Mertvago's, strike me as dubious at best and the translation of an example as misleading.
The Vice President was wondering "how the hell could a plane hit the World Trade Center" when he saw the second aircraft strike the South Tower.
It drew on the Infinite Resolve "phased campaign" plan the Pentagon had begun developing in November 2000 as an addition to the strike options it had been refining since 1998.
Many classified articles for morning briefings were prepared for the highest officials in the government with titles such as "Bin Ladin Threatening to Attack US Aircraft [with antiaircraft missiles]" (June 1998),"Strains Surface Between Taliban and Bin Ladin" (January 1999), "Terrorist Threat to US Interests in Caucasus" (June 1999), "Bin Ladin to Exploit Looser Security During Holidays"(December 1999),"Bin Ladin Evading Sanctions" (March 2000),"Bin Ladin's Interest in Biological, Radiological Weapons" (February 2001), "Taliban Holding Firm on Bin Ladin for Now" (March 2001),"Terrorist Groups Said Cooperating on US Hostage Plot" (May 2001), and "Bin Ladin Determined to Strike in the US" (August 2001).
After the August 1998 missile strike, other members of the JCS let the press know their unhappiness that, in conformity with the Goldwater-Nichols reforms, Shelton had been the only member of the JCS to be consulted.
The air strikes against Libya were one manifestation of this strategy.
On August 11, General Zinni received orders to prepare detailed plans for strikes against the sites in Afghanistan.
Some Republicans in Congress raised questions about the timing of the strikes.
He envisioned an ongoing campaign of strikes against Bin Ladin's bases in Afghanistan or elsewhere, whenever target information was ripe.
After the August missile strikes, diplomatic options to press the Taliban seemed no more promising than military options.
But since the tribals seemed to know where Bin Ladin was or would be, an alternative to capturing Bin Ladin would be to mark his location and call in another round of missile strikes.
Starting on the day the August 1998 strikes were launched, General Shelton had issued a planning order to prepare follow-on strikes and think beyond just using cruise missiles.
Zinni therefore cautioned about simply ordering up AC-130 deployments for a quick strike; Schoomaker planned for what he saw as a practical strike option; and the underlying issues were not fully engaged.
No strike was launched.
The military maintained readiness for another strike opportunity.
From May 1999 until September 2001, policymakers did not again actively consider a missile strike against Bin Ladin.
Although Bin Ladin urged Nashiri to continue plotting strikes against U.S. interests in the Persian Gulf, Nashiri maintains that he actually delayed one of these projects because of security concerns.
Although the intelligence community sometimes knew where Bin Ladin was, it had been unable to provide intelligence considered sufficiently reliable to launch a strike.
They felt, just as they had for the past two years, that hitting inexpensive and rudimentary training camps with costly missiles would not do much good and might even help al Qaeda if the strikes failed to kill Bin Ladin.
The big issues-who would pay for what, who would authorize strikes, and who would pull the trigger-were left for the principals to settle.
The result was an article in the August 6 Presidential Daily Brief titled "Bin Ladin Determined to Strike in US."
The millennium plotting in Canada in 1999 may have been part of Bin Ladin's first serious attempt to implement a terrorist strike in the US.
This aircraft is intended to complement and eventually replace the current F/A-18 C/D aircraft and perform Navy fighter escort, strike, fleet air defense, and close air support missions.
"It's basically one strike and you're out, and I think they went beyond what Congress intended," said Michael Chielens, executive director of Western Michigan Legal Services.
The walls’ paintings have gone and water no longer flows in its indoor Nahr-i-Bihisht (River of Paradise), but mosaics made of mirrors ornament the ceiling and walls of six boudoirs, making a galaxy of stars when candle-lit (strike a match).
Amsterdammers were horrified at the treatment of their Jewish neighbors and the dock workers staged a brave one-day strike to protest, but almost all the Jews were transported to concentration camps, never to return.
The government blamed the 1919 general strike in Winnipeg on “enemy aliens,” but the leaders were in fact British immigrants.
If the cigars inside strike you as too expensive, you’ll have plenty of opportunity to purchase fake or stolen stogies outside the factory, as every third person whispers “You want cigar?” as you pass.
The economic crisis in Poland persisted, though, and mass strikes were staged, even as Gorbachev visited Poland.
All these "trends" strike me as artificial and overdetermined.
If Greenspan raises rates, investors are assured by what they interpret as a wise, pre-emptive strike against inflation.
His suspicions about Reagan are confirmed: Reagan strikes him as a brainless yahoo.
So Gore cobbled together his own proposal and launched a preemptive strike at a Methodist church in a black neighborhood in Washington, D.C., yesterday.
The WP fronts the likely mobilization of American farm and business lobbies to push Congress to adopt the legislation necessary to open trade with China, should the United States and China strike a deal that would bring China into the World Trade Organization.
I must say, though, that since I spend much of my time immersed in the 18 th century, the crazily ritualistic aspects of the campaign strike me very forcefully.
The New York Times and Los Angeles Times lead with the AFL-CIO's open-ended loan to the Teamsters to help during the UPS strike.
Strike UPS and Downs
The NYT chooses to point out the importance of UPS by noting that the because of the strike, "Blood banks have complained of being forced to destroy blood" they couldn't ship and that "dozens of school systems are worried that they will not receive shipments of books before the school year begins."
The workers, who have been handling UPS strike logistics, had been in difficult negotiations with the Teamsters over wages.
Two other observations about the significance of the strike bear repeating.
Which strikes me as an excellent way to solve the Livia problem.
Well, maybe a pack of Lucky Strikes.
The United States is poised to launch its third major military strike against Iraq since the 1991 Gulf War.
It advises Blair to appoint a strong Cabinet, slow economic growth with higher interest rates, and strike boldly on government reform, but worries that the new prime minister is more concerned with symbols than with policy.
In 1995, a U.S. research rocket launched from Norway brought Russia "a couple of minutes" away from a decision to launch a retaliatory strike.
The cover editorial questions the wisdom of the United States' anti-terrorist missile strikes.
"Empire Strikes Back is the best of three Star Wars films," declares the Chicago Sun-Times ' Roger Ebert.
Movie -- The Empire Strikes Back: Special Edition ;
Strikes two and three were escapes from home.
Newt Gingrich said that if the evidence holds up, the United States should consider a military strike against Iran.
Both sides will now replay their old game: The United States will seek international support for sanctions and perhaps a military strike, probably to be thwarted by a last-minute Iraqi retraction.
The pessimistic spin: The escalation reflects a deep distrust between GM and the UAW that will cause an even worse strike when their national agreement expires next year.
The Empire Strikes Back
The Independent of London reported Thursday that "air strikes against targets in Iraq will start in 12 days time on 17 February, if current diplomatic moves to defuse the crisis fail."
The Israeli newspaper Ha'aretz led its front page Monday with the imminent Arab general strike over the demolition of three Bedouin homes in the "unrecognized" western Galilee village of Um al Sehali, and its editorial urged an improvement in mathematics teaching in Israeli schools, citing poor student results.
The conservative British Sunday papers the Sunday Times and the Sunday Telegraph supported the missile strikes.
"Unfortunately, we feel a hunger strike is the only way we can be heard," one of the strikers tells the LAT . Well no, we still can't hear you because of the.
Carey has long objected to UPS' employment of part-time workers and its widely disparate pay scales, two concessions that the old, corrupt union leaders granted, and which are at the heart of the current strike.
Supply-Side Virus Strikes Again
Using the same technology we use in Slate's reader-discussion forum, "The Fray," Chatterbox will be updated whenever the fancy strikes, independent of Slate's official daily posting schedule.
The AFL-CIO and the Teamsters feel unappreciated for the role they played in Clinton's re-election, and the UPS strike left them in a truculent mood.
So for the last several years I have argued in favor of some types of "three strikes and you're out" laws.
Preliminary plans drafted by Senate aides involve napalm strikes in Georgia and South Carolina by U.S.
If Asia's problems are systemic and the result of these countries' statist policies, then investors' failure to recognize this earlier is a strike against the market, not for it.
General Motors, for instance, lost $460 million to strikes in 1997, but investors treated the costs as a kind of "extraordinary charge" and valued the company as if the losses had never happened.
The LAT says Madeleine Albright wrapped up her whirlwind tour of the Mideast and Europe without winning a united mandate from U.S. allies to launch what could well be the most punishing military strike against Iraq since Desert Storm.
In the latest USAT /CNN/Gallup Poll, 76 percent of respondents approve of air strikes, while 60 percent go beyond the Clinton administration and also support the use of ground troops against Iraq.
Despite this difference, everybody reports that the U.S. position is that it doesn't need further approval for a strike if the deal is abrogated.
The explanation for the ethos of laboriousness strikes me as much simpler--it serves as proof of the artist's personal commitment.
The last and most nearly effective of the plots was Stauffenberg's, which hinged not only on the bomb he brought into Hitler's "Wolf's Lair" headquarters in East Prussia, but also on coordinated strikes against the Nazi power structure in Berlin and all across Europe.
In this sense, Lukas' story may have been important as part of the struggle over the future of organized labor, but less so as a struggle over America's soul, at least when compared with the truly momentous Homestead and Pullman strikes of the 1890s, the Triangle Shirt Waist Co. fire of 1911, or any of the other more familiar set pieces of turn-of-the-century labor history.
Al-Ahram , the main state-owned newspaper of Egypt, recently warned the United States that any strike would be "coercive, aggressive, unwise, and uncaring about the lives of Iraqis."
It's the "let's throw out the records because this is a different game" mentality ("The Supply-Side Virus Strikes Again," by Paul Krugman).
In particular, Plotz's notion that adventures used to be (and need to be) driven by practical considerations, such as opening trade routes, strikes me as daft.
The Sunbeam board's eagerness to get rid of Chainsaw Al is a marked contrast to the story I've been working; namely, the United Auto Workers strikes against General Motors in Flint, Mich.
But Libération added that, despite its "disappointment," France was still not ready at this stage to participate in any American strikes against Iraq.
In Lebanon, an editorial in Saturday's Daily Star suggested that the strikes would have been more effective if they had been made after Ramadan ended and predicted that "it now seems likely that the strikes will have to be suspended for about a month while devout Muslims take leave of food and drink during daylight hours and Mr. Clinton continues to take leave of his senses at all hours.
Although McKibben's earlier books (mostly on the ways he has reduced his environmental impact on the earth) were slammed as having "the homiletic tone of a Sunday school sermon" ( New York Times man Richard Bernstein on Hope, Human and Wild ), this one strikes a positive chord with most reviewers.
"As a professional football player, he'd been physically threatened by other players for refusing to join a strike."
But groove could also refer to the path between a pitcher and the strike zone (and had done so since the turn of the century); a pitcher who was throwing "in the groove" was throwing very well.
A 17-day 1996 strike, the paper says, ended up costing the company $900 million, adding that continuing strikes at GM could have effects throughout the economy.
No further word yet from USAT , which broke the preemptive strike story last week.
Astonishing statistic from the WP : GM is so enormous that production losses from the 54-day strike will reduce the United States's 1998 GDP by 0.5%.
Everybody leads with the U.S. cruise missile strikes (generally thought to involve 75 missiles, although the Los Angeles Times says it could have been up to 100) against terrorist targets in Sudan and Afghanistan.
Mr. Secretary says that Thursday's missile strike signifies a "long term, fundamental way in which the United States intends to combat the forces of terror."
The papers continue coverage of the pilots' strike at Northwest Airlines, which began at midnight Friday night.
Surprisingly, no mention has been made in the coverage of an eerily similar episode from the Gulf war--the strike against the Baghdad chemical weapons-slash-milk factory.
But while Stoppard has slummed a bit for the big screen, he has done some of his most serious and demanding work for the small one: Professional Foul , a 1977 BBC commission, addressed the moral dilemmas faced by a group of English academics at a philosophical conference in Prague; and Squaring the Circle: Poland 1980-81 , broadcast in 1984, brought the playful self-consciousness of Travesties to the deadly serious events surrounding the Lenin Shipyard strike and the subsequent government crackdown.
Clinton's original promise to deliver "air strikes against Serbian forces responsible for the brutality in Kosovo" without putting "troops in Kosovo to fight a war" has proved to be self-contradictory.
If good fortune strikes, send Prudie a CD.
The Phantom Menace didn't need to be barren of feeling, but it took a real writer, Lawrence Kasdan ( The Big Chill , 1983), to draft the best and most inspiring of the Star Wars movies, The Empire Strikes Back (1980), and a real director, Irvin Kershner, to breathe Wagnerian grandeur into Lucas' cartoonish fantasies.
Turns out, those steel strikes were staged with actors who were not killed by the Pinkertons, but retired to mansions on Fifth Avenue.
Nearly three months ago, when the administration at the National Autonomous University of Mexico proposed a raise in student tuition from 2 cents to about $150 a year, students closed down the classes with a strike, affecting 267,000 students and 30,000 professors.
Mexico's National Autonomous University student strike is stretching into its fifth month.
The professor, chair of the political science department, was sentenced to one month behind bars for offending Islam and immediately went on a hunger strike that sent him to the hospital.
Corrupt party financing "strikes at the heart of democracy."
USAT and the LAT front Clinton administration warnings to Iraq that it could face a U.S. or allied military strike if it doesn't reconsider its weekend decision to shut down the UN's weapons inspection effort.
U.S. rhetoric was sharp: Defense Secretary William Cohen warned that military strikes, if they occur, "will be significant."
The New York Times headline is the newsiest: "Impeachment Vote in House Delayed As Clinton Launches Iraq Air Strike, Citing Military Need to Move Swiftly."
The paper notes the oddity of this given that one of the stated aims of the strikes is non-proliferation.
The story's body quotes a B-1 officer saying that "vindication might not be the right word," and waits until the ninth paragraph to reveal that "the Pentagon had not yet been able to assess the damage done by the bombers' strikes."
The New York Times pointedly reminds its readers that NATO's last threats of air strikes were scrapped for last-minute negotiations, which merely won admittance of an unarmed monitoring team (a far cry from military withdrawal).
Meanwhile, the Washington Post front page reports that Chinese officials are threatening military strikes against Taiwan if the U.S. provides Taiwan with missile defense systems.
4. "At long last, UPS is becoming a public company . Now the next time UPS workers go on strike, management will have another club to bludgeon them with.
David W. Porter [XV,3] tells us that the Japanese “produce such monstrosities as sutoraike for English `strike'.
Polysyllables abound in today's speech, and much has been written on the subject, from euphemisms--agencies that “facilitate” instead of give money--to downright deceit--one knows by now that “protective reaction strikes” are bombings.
William Safire Language Maven Strikes Again.
After all, I can visualize such headlines as Coach fails to spark Lightnings, Lightnings strike twice in Toronto, Bruins singed by Lightnings, etc.
Ms. van Gelder's article deals with transpositions of letters which strikes me as a sort of stonemasonry.
Let me recommend the names of ten-pin bowling teams, which often pun on strike, split , or pin .
These measures were precautionary steps taken because of the strikes in New York.
In Phase Two, air strikes and Special Operations attacks would hit key al Qaeda and Taliban targets.
In addition, in 1998-99 President Clinton was preparing the government for possible war against Serbia, and he had authorized major air strikes against Iraq.
Although the description of his status has been disputed, and Secretary Albright strongly supported the August 1998 strikes against Bin Ladin, the role played by the Department of State in counterterrorism was often cautionary before 9/11.
When explaining the missile strike against Iraq provoked by the plot to kill President Bush, President Clinton stated:"From the first days of our Revolution, America's security has depended on the clarity of the message: Don't tread on us.
Though the principals hoped that the missiles would hit Bin Ladin, NSC staff recommended the strike whether or not there was firm evidence that the commanders were at the facilities.
Berger was particularly rankled by an editorial in the Economist that said that only the future would tell whether the U.S. missile strikes had "created 10,000 new fanatics where there would have been none."
During the last week of August 1998, officials began considering possible follow-on strikes.
For a brief moment, it had seemed as if the August strikes might have shocked the Taliban into thinking of giving up Bin Ladin.
The principals considered a cruise missile strike to try to kill Bin Ladin.
Starting on the day the August 1998 strikes were launched, General Shelton had issued a planning order to prepare follow-on strikes and think beyond just using cruise missiles.
Zinni therefore cautioned about simply ordering up AC-130 deployments for a quick strike; Schoomaker planned for what he saw as a practical strike option; and the underlying issues were not fully engaged.
By February 12 Bin Ladin had apparently moved on, and the immediate strike plans became moot.
This was in our strike zone," a senior military officer said.
The principals did give some further consideration in 1999 to more general strikes, reviving Clarke's "Delenda" notion of hitting camps and infrastructure to disrupt al Qaeda's organization.
He was killed in November 2001 by an American air strike in Afghanistan.
There was no American strike.
The President explained to us that he had been concerned lest an ineffectual air strike just serve to give Bin Ladin a propaganda advantage.
He favored going after Bin Ladin as part of a larger air strike, similar to what had been done in the 1986 U.S. strike against Libya.
Bin Ladin Determined To Strike in US Clandestine, foreign government, and media reports indicate Bin Ladin since 1997 has wanted to conduct terrorist attacks in the US.
No CSG or other NSC meeting was held to discuss the possible threat of a strike in the United States as a result of this report.
But after taking a hard look at its performance, FEMA concluded that it could better fulfill its mission by addressing the range of activities available before, during, and after disaster strikes.
He told me that there is a "three strikes and you're out" rule for commissioners on omnibus rates cases.
Popular protest in the big cities in 1919 at first took the non-violent form of a hartal, an Indian “strike” called when the soul is shocked by an injustice.
Strike a match to see the effect.
During WWII, the dock workers of Amsterdam went on strike as an act of protest against the treatment of the Jews in the city.
North Manitoba nickel and Labrador iron were replacing depleted resources south of the border; huge oil strikes were made near Edmonton, Alberta, in 1947; a uranium reactor started up in Ontario in 1952; and hydro-electric plants mushroomed all across the country.
Students and workers made common cause, and there followed widespread national strikes that threatened the survival of the government.
The NYT reports that immediately after last summer's terrorist bombing of two American embassies in Africa, the government of Sudan detained two suspects, only to angrily release them after the U.S. conducted a cruise missile strike against an alleged chemical weapons facility in Sudan.
The proposal also envisions a large nuclear command-and-control system consisting of land-, sea-, and submarine-based missiles, and it would limit nuclear strike authority to the prime minister or his designate.
This strikes Culturebox as distinctly possible but shortsighted, literarily speaking.
That formulation strikes me as emblematic of the very ornamental culture that Faludi derides.
Instead, the U.S. should use its pinpoint conventional missiles to make both pre-emptive and retaliatory strikes against nuclear terrorists and rogue states.
My guess is, they'll be every bit as shocked when President W. strikes up a warm personal friendship with Dick Gephart, doubles the budget of the Department of Education, and appoints several more David Souters to the Supreme Court.
I may be jumping to conclusions based on the fact that Shayamalan is Indian-American, but The Sixth Sense strikes me as philosophically rather complicated, and possibly in dialogue with some non-Western ideas you don't get to see too often in films, unless they're uttered in egregiously bad faith by a wisecracking, turban-wearing showboat like Whoopi Goldberg or Robin Williams.
Both papers quote Sweeney saying, "Because their fight is our fight, we are making this strike our strike."
The Washington Post emphasizes both with its "Clinton Says Deal Near in UPS Strike."
The tentative settlement of the UPS strike leads at USA Today and the New York Times , and tops the Wall Street Journal front-page news digest.
Accordingly, the papers also take a shot at What The Strike Settlement Means.
In other words, fully 27 percent of the films Yardeni sees strike him as being either great or terrible.
Allow me to share a portion of a missive that came my way today from our editor: "Let us in on the process of how you mine the news for subjects, what strikes you as funny, how MAD chooses its targets, etc.
The presidency cannot be separated from politics, but the political uses of the presidency by the Clinton administration strike many people as abusive.
The threat of further strikes and labor disruptions is another deterrent for investors.
News (see below), Time thinks air strikes can't kill Saddam.
An article notes an unpublicized cost of the General Motors strike: It is delaying the launch of GM's new sport utility vehicle, the GMT800.
"Clinton in Crisis" is the tag on both covers, lumping together last week's Flytrap revelations and missile strikes.
Movie -- The Empire Strikes Back: Special Edition ;
Authorities in New Hampshire agreed to spare the life of a dog that killed a rooster . Prince was sentenced to die under a "three strikes" ordinance against vicious dogs.
President Clinton halted a strike by American Airlines pilots . Using the rarely invoked Railway Labor Act of 1926, he forced the pilots to postpone the strike for two months while federal mediators try to resolve the dispute.
The official delayed the announcement until the UPS strike was settled, so as not to influence its outcome.
The work stoppage lasted eight weeks, cost GM $12 billion in sales (the worst company loss ever caused by a strike), cost UAW members $1 billion in lost pay, and slowed U.S. second-quarter economic growth by an estimated half percentage point.
Thunder claps, lightning strikes, and Promethean electricity crackles down the pole.
Most pundits side with bushy-headed George Stephanopoulos ( This Week ), arguing that only air strikes would be politically palatable.
Although the British might be thought to have less cause for alarm, the Times of London led Monday with a story headlined "British alert over Saddam terror strike" about contingency plans to counteract biological or chemical attacks in Britain.
Libération praised the Ministry of Sport for having apparently decided "to burst the boil" of drug abuse, which has overshadowed the tour since 1966, when competitors went on strike rather than submit to drug tests.
The Times of London led its front page Thursday with "Nato Ready for Strikes on Serbia."
Which brings us to the charge that the UPS strike is a Carey smokescreen.
(Union advocates give Carey special credit for picking an opportune moment to strike: The booming economy means that UPS is losing $35 million a day during the strike, and the tight labor market will make it difficult for the company to find replacement workers.)
We may have to go on strike before AutoSummarize can be perfected, and we become powerless.
"I mean an air strike that continues until they give up."
The cruise missile strike against Bin Laden eerily mirrored the latest Bond movie, Tomorrow Never Dies , which opens with a cruise missile strike against a terrorist gathering in Central Asia.
Ground crews for Sabena, the national flag carrier, ran amok during a 1996 strike day at the airport, smashing the terminal's glass walls and doing millions of francs worth of damage, then demanding more money from the very government that was going to have to pay for the repairs.
Proceed through a docudramatic depiction of an angry strike and a consumer boycott that forces the company to shut down.
Throughout the 1994-1995 strike, the company kept reporting record quarterly earnings, in part because so many union members became scabs, in part because management personnel helped work the lines, and in part because the UAW represents just a fifth of Caterpillar's global workforce.
And the LAT goes with Madeleine Albright's pronouncement that if allies can't be convinced, the U.S. is ready to launch military strikes against Iraq on its own.
The Times states that likely U.S. strike targets include Republican Guard bases, military command centers and suspected weapons factories and stockpiles.
His report reveals that the briefing ran 45 minutes and centered on the details of a military strike.
The Journal 's "The Outlook" piece takes note of recent claims that the Y2K problem will generate a recession of 1974 oil-shock caliber and says that's not likely: After all, the twenty-two-day-long government shut-down in 1996 didn't do that, nor did last summer's UPS strike.
Despite its blunt charms, however, Climbing Mount Improbable strikes me as being the least convincing of all of Dawkins' books.
One of his first stories of love, "The First Seven Years," from Partisan Review in 1950, strikes me as nearly perfect, though.
Indiana has composed not just an autopsy of Los Angeles trial spectacles but also a satire-before-the-fact of Dunne's novel--possibly the first such pre-emptive strike in literary history.
Brinkley, a highly class-conscious historian, is better at robber barons, depressions, strikes, and grass-roots politics than at wars and natural history.
If that investor were willing to pay extra for the security of limited downside, she could buy put options with a strike price of $98, which would lock in her profit on the shares at $18, less whatever the options cost.
I would rather not sound like a member of the PC police, but Jeffrey Goldberg talking about his opposition to Jews marrying gentiles in "My Nanny Problem" strikes me as almost racist, and definitely xenophobic.
In its lead article, the conservative Jerusalem Post said that Israeli defense officials saw a U.S. strike on Iraq as "inevitable," but they also regarded the chances of an Iraqi Scud attack on Israel as "next to zero."
If it vanished in another strike, it is hard to think many people would miss it.
Writing in Canada's new national newspaper the National Post Saturday, Mark Steyn observed that the U.S. media coverage of the strikes barely mentioned Britain's participation: "This is the thanks a chap gets for providing the most naked of presidents with his only international fig leaf."
Maybe that's why listening to a cellulite strikes me as identical to watching the beautiful people in commercials as they breeze through the world in their SUVs, or endlessly amuse each other in the back seat of a convertible on their way to THE LIFE YOU WILL NEVER HAVE.
Union organizers have not yet said when the strike might resume.
The New York Times leads with NATO's decision to stage mock air strikes soon over Serbian targets near Kosovo province, a story that also runs on the Washington Post and Los Angeles Times fronts, but USA Today --which instead reserves prime front space for new safety rules for golf carts--doesn't get around to it until p.
The Los Angeles Times goes with intensifying pressure on both the UAW and GM to settle their increasingly disruptive strike.
USAT explains that the Saturn strike authorization--voted for by 96 percent of the 5,000 workers who cast ballots--means that the plant could be struck with five day's notice.
Tobacco's Lucky Strike
The WP quotes a spokesman for the Taliban, the Afghan ruling group, saying that bin Laden had not been hurt in the strikes.
It probably took a presidential sex confession and a transcontinental cruise missile strike to keep today's Wall Street Journal 's front-page feature by Stephanie Mehta out of the paper last week.
A funny NYT front-pager examines the strike's effect on Grand Forks, North Dakota, a remote town utterly dependent on Northwest, which even delivers the mail.
Conservatives began talking about the Star Wars revival last summer, when a blue-ribbon commission concluded that the United States was increasingly vulnerable to missile strikes by rogue states.
La Stampa of Turin carried two front-page comments Monday demanding the air strikes be ended.
Finally, an apology: In a last week, I mistakenly referred to an article in the Toronto Globe and Mail attacking the NATO air strikes as an editorial, when it was in fact a signed piece by Marcus Gee.
According to a report from Beijing Sunday in the Straits Times of Singapore, China's Liberation Army Daily , the mouthpiece of the PLA, had been much impressed by America's bombing methods in Yugoslavia before the embassy strike.
<I>The Phantom Menace</I> Strikes Back!
Olympic Snub Strikes
A one-day general strike has been called for Tuesday, Aug. 24, with the participation of unions for nurses, courts and prison staff, police, and teachers.
The Australian , Rupert Murdoch's national daily, said Wednesday that if she failed to win, the Indonesian economy could be halted by strikes and popular unrest.
It banned head butts and groin strikes.
The NYT reports that even if NATO's demands are met, some 12,000 Yugoslav troops will remain in the province and that the delay might hamper future air and missile strikes against Yugoslav troops due to the influx of observers and humanitarian workers.
The NYT points out that neither the Gulf War nor subsequent strikes in 1993 and 1996 significantly eroded Hussein's interest in or capability for weapons development.
Apparently, National Security Advisor Sandy Berger held out for postponing the strike, while Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, Defense Secretary William Cohen, and Gen.
The NYT notes that the strikes mark "a clear policy departure" for the Clinton administration, in that the president had previously indicated that keeping the inspection effort viable was a reason not to engage in a major military action.
The halt to air strikes in Iraq is reported to leave Saddam Hussein in power, U.N. weapons inspectors less likely than ever before to return, and the U.S. mapping a new strategy of "containment" against Iraq, with military forces remaining in the region indefinitely.
Last week, the NYT reported that for the first time ever the U.S. military has asked for the power to take charge in the case of major terrorist strikes on American soil.
The Los Angeles Times puts NATO "on the brink" of launching strikes, with "warplanes ready to scramble," but the Washington Post writes that bombing would have to wait for final approval from member officials.
When it comes to discussing something as tasteless, indecent, and indecorous as the Holocaust, none of the above strike Culturebox as adequate grounds for censorship.
That Eleanor's greatness was reactive strikes me as her saving grace.
But he did have a style of his own that should be taken into consideration in any evaluation of the language of his Diary . His English, as suits the dairy of so exuberant and impatient a man and a stenographer among other things, strikes us as almost telegraphic in its compression.
The Law impressed a special meaning on many Anglo-Saxon words-- manslaughter, sheriff, theft, hearsay, bench (judge's), strike (motion to), landlord, freehold (in land), and herein --which they retain to this day.
A common Strike.
Strike while the iron is hot.
Some sound so real that they flit past like butterflies or called strikes, only to awaken us in the middle of the night with the realization that they cannot be: halcoid, subuculate, Chief Manciple.
At 9:03, they would see another aircraft strike the World Trade Center.
He wondered aloud how much evidence the United States would need in order to deal with these countries, pointing out that major strikes could take up to 60 days to assemble.
Mohammed Atef, al Qaeda's military commander and a principal figure in the 9/11 plot, had been killed by a U.S. air strike.
General Hugh Shelton developed as many as 13 different strike options, and did not recommend any of them.
It directed the State Department "to intensify efforts to achieve cooperation of other governments" and the CIA to "intensify use of liaison and other intelligence capabilities and also to develop plans and capability to preempt groups and individuals planning strikes against U.S. interests."
The strike's purpose was to kill Bin Ladin and his chief lieutenants.
The air strikes marked the climax of an intense 48-hour period in which Berger notified congressional leaders, the principals called their foreign counterparts, and President Clinton flew back from his vacation on Martha's Vineyard to address the nation from the Oval Office.
The Clinton administration eventually launched a large-scale set of air strikes against Iraq, Operation Desert Fox, in December 1998.
They developed a plan that, unlike Clarke's, called not for particular strikes but instead for a broad change in national strategy and in the institutional approach of the Department of Defense, implying a possible need for large-scale operations across the whole spectrum of U.S. military capabilities.
This information was more useful than it had been in the past; since the August missile strikes, Bin Ladin had taken to moving his sleeping place frequently and unpredictably and had added new bodyguards.
But on December 21, the day after principals decided not to launch the cruise missile strike against Kandahar, the CIA's leaders urged strengthening the language to allow the tribals to be paid whether Bin Ladin was captured or killed.
After the decision-in which fear of collateral damage was an important factor- not to use cruise missiles against Kandahar in December 1998, Shelton and officers in the Pentagon developed plans for using an AC-130 gunship instead of cruise missile strikes.
On February 8, the military began to ready itself for a possible strike.
Clarke told us the strike was called off after consultations with Director Tenet because the intelligence was dubious, and it seemed to Clarke as if the CIA was presenting an option to attack America's best counterterrorism ally in the Gulf.
The story is further complicated by Tenet's absence from the critical principals meeting on this strike (he was apparently out of town); his deputy, John Gordon, was representing the CIA.
The NSC staff raised the option of waiting until after a terrorist attack, and then retaliating, including possible strikes on the Taliban.
In the summer, the military refined its list of strikes and Special Operations possibilities to a set of 13 options within the Operation Infinite Resolve plan.
For the first time, these strikes envisioned an air campaign against Afghanistan of indefinite duration.
Such strikes would be acts of self-defense that would not violate the ban on assassinations in Executive Order 12333.
General Myers emphasized the Predator's value for surveillance, perhaps enabling broader air strikes that would go beyond Bin Ladin to attack al Qaeda's training infrastructure.
An Egyptian Islamic Jihad (EIJ) operative told an [-] service at the same time that Bin Ladin was planning to exploit the operative's access to the US to mount a terrorist strike.
One clear lesson of September 11 is that individual civilians need to take responsibility for maximizing the probability that they will survive, should disaster strike.
Although some have argued that stock option re-loads and re-pricing were necessary to keep their executives, I wonder how many of these executives wanted to give up options or raise the strike price of their options when general market conditions were causing all boats to rise?
If the striking portal of the El-Nasir Mohammed madrasa next door strikes you as reminiscent of those in European Gothic churches, you are not far from the truth.
They try to swallow a dozen grapes while the clock atop the building strikes 12, after which pandemonium breaks out.
Agitation for social justice and regionalist ferment created a combustible atmosphere, and Barcelona became the scene of strikes and anarchist violence.
Against a murky background of violence, strikes, and regional strife, the king accepted the dictatorship of General Miguel Primo de Rivera in 1923.
The 1970s were marked by inflation and the emphatic snuffing of strikes and protests.
All this may be part of the implicit deal 60 Minutes strikes with an important source like Willey.
The musical descriptions in Miller's book strike me as flat and formulaic, as in: "An up-tempo rocker built around a boogie riff and a dramatically unconventional modulation between major and minor keys, 'Hold Me Tight' was written in one style alone--that of John Lennon and Paul McCartney."
That's why much of the alarm about Internet privacy strikes Culturebox as Chicken Little-ish.
Chatterbox was intrigued by Bruce Orwall's Oct. 6 story in the Wall Street Journal about how the diet-pill maker Metabolife International, Inc., was launching a preemptive strike against ABC News' 20/20 , which is investigating the company.
Retaliatory nuclear strikes are never justified, he argues, because they would kill millions of innocents.
The Empire Strikes Back
I believe I was too hard on the movie in my original review, and doubled back a little in a later TV program on animation, but the notion that most audience members picked up in its complexities strikes me as optimistic.
Both papers quote Sweeney saying, "Because their fight is our fight, we are making this strike our strike."
President Clinton's most detailed public comment to date about the UPS strike along with some signs of progress in the negotiations is today's news leader.
Does that depiction of the strike's impact function as implicit support for the company's position?
Showing a bias towards politics and power figures, the New York Times says that the "indisputable victor in the strike" is Labor Secretary Alexis Herman.
And the LAT makes the point that the strike demonstrated just how dependent American companies and consumers have become on the "just-in-time" economy.
A Preemptive Strike
This raid inspired United States cruise-missile strikes on southern Iraq.
Labor strikes have multiplied in the post-communist era, especially over the last two years.
A report highlights the potential effects of the UPS strike on the economy.
A piece says major-league pitchers are injuring their arms more frequently because the mound is too low, the strike zone is too small, and the rise of other sports (soccer, basketball) has diminished the supply of major leaguers with strong arms.
While the strikes were ethically justified, they may spur further terrorism in revenge.
Movie -- The Empire Strikes Back: Special Edition ;
"An admirable, courageous and meticulously fair and honest book," says Roger Parloff in the New York Times Book Review . Kennedy's endorsement of extreme race-neutrality--race shouldn't be a factor in stopping criminal-suspect searches or in assembling juries, he says--does strike a few as naive.
President Clinton halted a strike by American Airlines pilots . Using the rarely invoked Railway Labor Act of 1926, he forced the pilots to postpone the strike for two months while federal mediators try to resolve the dispute.
A Netanyahu aide said Israel "cannot continue with negotiations as long as such strikes take place, and the Palestinian Authority does nothing to stop them."
General Motors and the United Auto Workers have agreed tentatively to end their strike.
The War Room Strikes Back
On NewsHour , recorded Friday night, O'Beirne made sense when she argued for a unilateral strike against Iraq.
It also stated that the Iraqi Kurds were now reconciled with Baghdad and opposed U.S. air strikes against Iraq, and that there was therefore little danger of Iraqi Kurds flooding into Turkey.
The Guardian interviews coach Glenn Hoddle, who says Beckham's retaliatory strike "wasn't violent conduct.
In any case, since Clinton's presidential approval rating remains barely dented by the Kenneth Starr investigation, it is nonsense to suggest he needed a cruise missile strike against terrorists to enhance it."
The Teamsters president delivers speeches and strike ultimatums in an accent best described as a Queens Bray.
Carey has spent months rallying the rank and file behind the strike and, UPS' protestations to the contrary, he seems to enjoy overwhelming support from the picketers.
Normally , financial intermediation is a wonderful thing; but now and then, disaster strikes.
But if the idea of being surrounded by journalists, instead of the usual computer types, strikes you as appealing rather than appalling, we'd like to hear from you before you come to your senses.
At the news of Miller's threat, the State Department flew diplomatic security advisers to St. Kitts to reassure students; some of the young Americans fled home, and there were even rumors of a Grenada-like military strike to capture Miller.
Public strikes, particularly ones blocking traffic and commerce, are a regular event here, making it somewhat of a mystery how Belgium maintains its high living standard.
It's currently building the F-117A Stealth fighter and the thoroughly unnecessary F-22 for the Air Force, and is bidding against Boeing for the contract to build the Joint Strike fighter, the last great contracting plum of the century.
In the years since, it has featured picket line violence by both strikers and Cat security guards, scores of unfair labor practices by the company, another 17 month strike from June 1994 to December 1995, and now two resounding rejections of Cat contracts by UAW workers.
The NYT runs a separate front-page piece about the Iraq situation that notes the increasing tempo of American-British strike planning.
The NYT also reports that the Clinton administration feels it already has in hand the justification for any new military strikes: the Congressional resolution supporting hitting Iraq passed in 1991 on the eve of the Gulf War.
The Post reports, based on several unnamed well-placed Pentagon sources, that unlike in the Gulf War, the preponderance of planned strikes are now targeted against so-called "leadership" targets: not so much air defense sites or depots, as, for example, secret police headquarters.
Everybody has this quote from NBA commissioner David Stern: "You cannot strike your boss and still hold your job--unless you play in the NBA.
Václav Havel was in New York in the spring of 1968, participated in the student strike at Columbia, joined Alexander Dubcek in the short-lived liberal uprising in Prague that summer, and became the president of Czechoslovakia in 1990.
In one chapter, "Journey on a Davenport," he tucks himself in on his mother's couch and goes on a sort of existential sit-down strike.
How much rounder a note Kincaid strikes when she writes of Drew: "And I began to wonder what his life must be like for him, and to wonder what my own life would have been like if I had not been so cold and ruthless in regard to my own family, acting only in favor of myself when I was a young woman."
These include the Mavericks, Dwight Yoakam, and strict honky-tonk classicists BR5-49, all of whom strike the difficult balance between professionalism and cool, in the hallowed tradition of Merle Haggard and Willie Nelson.
I'm surprised that any time defenders of supply-side economics refer to the Reagan administration for support, commentators don't mention the exponential growth of the budget deficit during those years ("The Supply-Side Virus Strikes Again," by Paul Krugman).
Nancy Griffin writes in "Hollywood Strikes Back" that Michael Eisner extended an olive branch to former friend Mike Ovitz, but Ovitz declined to accept it.
Surowiecki points out the shaky rationale for this particular strike but does not end there, reminding us that the control we have over our workplaces and the responsive nature of American management (in abiding by the bulk of these rules or by factoring labor unrest into their long-term calculations) can be directly attributed to the efforts of the American labor movement (regardless of whether or not one-trick pony Ronald Radosh wishes to brand them all as subversives).
"The disappearance of the Times Sunday book section at the time of the printers' strike only make us realize it had never existed," Wilson explained.
In Lebanon, an editorial in Saturday's Daily Star suggested that the strikes would have been more effective if they had been made after Ramadan ended and predicted that "it now seems likely that the strikes will have to be suspended for about a month while devout Muslims take leave of food and drink during daylight hours and Mr. Clinton continues to take leave of his senses at all hours.
Asked about the U.S. response to suspicions that North Korea was engaged in underground nuclear development programs, the ambassador said that "the US government apparently understands the serious consequences of military strikes against North Korea, similar to the attacks it conducted against Iraq."
Graduate students working as teaching assistants went on strike in December, demanding the right to collective bargaining for the 9,000 TAs who work for the eight school system.
Missile strikes against his enemies.
Two days ago, USAT broke the story of a defector from Pakistan's nuclear weapons program, who as part of his process of seeking asylum in the U.S, told authorities that his country had contemplated a nuclear first strike against India.
USA Today leads with more bad news for GM: On Sunday, Saturn workers voted overwhelmingly to authorize a strike.
Asia's financial woes and the effects of the General Motors strike kept growth of the nation's gross domestic product at a modest 1.4%, down from last quarter's scalding 5.5%.
The LAT does mention them, although at the cost of omitting the location of the strike targets.
The piece reports that last week's strikes against targets in Sudan and Afghanistan were code-named Operation Infinite Reach (which could have also been the code-name for Clinton's Monica speech).
It argues that while cruise missile strikes may be cheap in terms of American lives (and thus are politically safe), the war against terrorism requires a "long-term and unwavering commitment."
Presidents have euphemized away the seizure of congressional authority, minimizing their uses of force as "surgical strikes," "police actions," or "immediate reprisals."
The original Strategic Defense Initiative was supposed to defend the United States against a massive nuclear strike by the Soviet Union.
Trying to prevent the Kosovars' mass exodus to Europe, NATO did nothing but provoke it by its air strikes.
Xiong Guangkai insisted that the embassy strike had been a deliberate attempt by the United States to trample on Chinese sovereignty.
A monthlong protest by students in Berkeley's ethnic studies department, marked by a hunger strike and 129 arrests, ended in near complete capitulation by the administration, which promised more tenure-track faculty and a research center.
It said: "Formally commuting the death sentence might, for now, strike Turkish voters as weak.
However, he failed to address a gaping hole in the Republicans' tax cut plans that neither Democrats nor the media had pointed out: Namely, that a tax cut of the size proposed might stimulate the economy to the point that the Fed would feel compelled to raise interest rates in a pre-emptive strike against inflation.
The strike may be losing steam, though: Students who want to return to school are holding demonstrations against the strikers.
It did strike me as strange that the police would grant public access to the area where a lunatic shooter was still on the loose.
This means apparently, that air strikes could come as early as today.
USAT leads with the movement of U.S. naval forces towards the Persian Gulf, apparently positioning for a strike against Saddam Hussein, a story that is played on the WP front above the fold, but inside at the other majors.
Just hours before the U.S. was to launch a massive air strike campaign (at 9 a.m.
President Clinton, in a televised speech shortly after the strikes were announced, appealed to a UN report released earlier in the week that documented Iraq's systematic obstruction of the UN's weapons inspection efforts in violation of promises it made last month, a report that was the NYT 's off-lead yesterday, and was below the fold at USAT , but was inside elsewhere.
The WP says that Russia's lower house of Parliament passed with only one dissenting vote a resolution saying the U.S. strikes were terrorism.
The NYT and the Post front NATO's authorization of air strikes in Yugoslavia, to begin if the Serbian government and ethnic Albanian leaders don't start talks on a Western-drafted peace plan by next Saturday.
The papers all quote the president as saying that strikes will definitely be ordered if the deadline passes without agreement, but they give varying impressions of when the first bombs could actually fall.
It's just that Vogue 's latest scheme strikes us as an unusually innocuous way to pander.
But while Eleanor's agenda looks separatist--women-only press conferences, an attempt to avert World War II through a Lysistrata -style "women's strike for peace"--it also succeeds in grafting onto Roosevelt's coalition new blocs of the hitherto-disenfranchised without which the New Deal would be impracticable.
Like many of the entries, both AE and BE-- autohagiography, awfulize, babushkaphobia, babynap, bimbette , etc.--this strikes me as a nonce word, not likely to be found around the house.
Mr. Porter had written “These difficulties produce such monstrosities as sutoraiki for English `strike'--one syllable in English, five in Japanese.”
“I believe that's a Strike,” I said.
Strike while the iron is
Other southern pronunciations that strike the northern ear as different are:
(A sit-up , with a hyphen, exercises your abdominal muscles, but a sit-down strike tends to exercise the tempers of management.)
Inside the National Military Command Center, the deputy director for operations immediately thought the second strike was a terrorist attack.
The Phase Two strikes and raids began on October 7. The basing arrangements contemplated for Phase One were substantially secured-after arduous effort-by the end of that month.
One would have been the deployment of U.S. military or intelligence personnel, or special strike forces, to Afghanistan itself or nearby-openly, clandestinely (secretly), or covertly (with their connection to the United States hidden).
President Reagan ordered air strikes against Libya.
Zinni's planners surely considered the two previous times the United States had used force to respond to terrorism, the 1986 strike on Libya and the 1993 strike against Iraq.
Berger told us that an after-action review by Director Tenet concluded that the strikes had killed 20-30 people in the camps but probably missed Bin Ladin by a few hours.
The failure of the strikes, the "wag the dog" slur, the intense partisanship of the period, and the nature of the al Shifa evidence likely had a cumulative effect on future decisions about the use of force against Bin Ladin.
According to Clarke, President Clinton was inclined to launch further strikes sooner rather than later.
On August 22, the reclusive Mullah Omar told a working-level State Department official that the strikes were counterproductive but added that he would be open to a dialogue with the United States on Bin Ladin's presence in Afghanistan.
By the end of the meeting, the principals decided against recommending to the President that he order a strike.
After the August 20 strikes, President Clinton had had to call Pakistani Prime Minister Sharif to apologize for a wayward missile that had killed several people in a Pakistani village.
They were dubious about a quick strike approach to using Special Operations Forces, which they thought complicated and risky.
According to CIA and Defense officials, policymakers were concerned about the danger that a strike would kill an Emirati prince or other senior officials who might be with Bin Ladin or close by.
At the time, CIA working-level officials were told by their managers that the strikes were not ordered because the military doubted the intelligence and worried about collateral damage.
Part of the context for considering broader strikes in the summer of 1999 was renewed worry about Bin Ladin's ambitions to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
He further proposed to Berger that a strike be made during the last week of 1999 against al Qaeda camps in Afghanistan-a proposal not adopted.
President Clinton told us that before he could launch further attacks on al Qaeda in Afghanistan, or deliver an ultimatum to theTaliban threatening strikes if they did not immediately expel Bin Ladin, the CIA or the FBI had to be sure enough that they would "be willing to stand up in public and say, we believe that he [Bin Ladin] did this."
This had been the case, she thought, with the cruise missile strikes of August 1998.
He favored going after Bin Ladin as part of a larger air strike, similar to what had been done in the 1986 U.S. strike against Libya.
After US missile strikes on his base in Afghanistan in 1998, Bin Ladin told followers he wanted to retaliate in Washington, according to a [-] service.
Numerous NYPD officers saw the plane strike the North Tower and immediately reported it to NYPD communications dispatchers.
, lower strike price) because of a decline in the market value of their company's stock.
From working as migrant laborers in France and Germany, Italian factory and farm workers brought back expert knowledge of union organization and strikes.
The uncertainties of schedules and frequency of strike action gradually disappeared in the 1990s, but the occasional wrinkle still needs to be ironed out.
A hole was left in the ceiling of the temple since the belief at the time was that a lightning strike should never be closed off from the sky.
On the southern outskirts of town on Highway 2 are the derricks and “grasshopper” pumps that have characterized Edmonton since the oil strike at the great well of Leduc Number 1 in 1947.
Worker strikes and protests erupted in Poznan, and spread into armed confrontations in the streets.
