The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow, helping youth become strong, independent adults of tomorrow.
The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow, helping youth become strong, independent adults of tomorrow.
The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow, helping youth become strong, independent adults of tomorrow.
I now invite you to continue to support the mission and the message that is so important to building strong kids, strong families and strong communities.
I now invite you to continue to support the mission and the message that is so important to building strong kids, strong families and strong communities.
I now invite you to continue to support the mission and the message that is so important to building strong kids, strong families and strong communities.
Or will it be none of them because the Internet allows and encourages a plethora of strong companies and a complex interconnection of businesses where none are allowed to dominate?
Their curiosity pushed them to build vessels that were strong enough to ford the open seas and reach these islands, marking the start of the long legacy of Mediterranean seafaring.
They began the process of building their strong citadels, and reinforcing the Christian faith on the islands.
He says, a strong British accent in his voice
Until today, when a girl with a fiery disposition and a strong heart shall rebel against the empire, change the hearts of the city people, and bring defeat down upon his royal highness.
This strong willed girl will fight harder than any soldier ever has and will release her homeland from its suffering, and forever leave her name in glory, Rain.
This spectrum shows 51V hyperfine splitting and the center of the parallel transitions from molecules with the V=O bond oriented along the magnetic field (A || , g || ) which are strong enough to tell the nature of VO 2+equatorial ligands [ 22 ] .
VO 2+bound as the VO 2+-AMPPNP complex to sCD39 produced a strong spectrum characterized by A || of 504.25 MHz and g || of 1.9410 (Fig. 2b), called species T (Table 1).
Expression was particularly strong in the dorsal portion of this pouch (figure 2B).
5, expression was strong in the labial, submental and rhinal vibrissae (figure 4E,F).
As auction houses prepare for their fall seasons in an uncertain economy, the sale price "suggests that the marketplace for important items is enormously strong," said David Redden, a vice chairman at Sotheby's, who was the auctioneer.
E♭ is the tonal center for measures 95-134, although it does not appear as a strong bass note until measure 131.
While the strong V-I motion from measures 90-91 does carry a tonal implication of dominant-tonic, such cadential bass motion does not imply anything about structural function in this context.
This creates both a smooth transition to the second theme and a strong sense that a new section is beginning, a combination that is generally rather difficult to forge.
The tonal center B♭ is established immediately in measures 316-318 by the strong V-I chord progression (Example 16).
Her wrist, when I grabbed it, was smooth and strong and warm in my fingers.
Structural geologists and petroleum geologists have known for years that rivers are strong indicators of faulting (Lattman, 1959; Howard, 1967).
The situation is ‘strong’ (Mischel, 1968) in as much as it provides little scope for improvisation.
Left to its own means, however, agency may cause strong hierarchies to reform, the balance of power to be lost, and, most importantly, the trust and co-operation necessary for people and information to move across boundaries to be forfeited.

Thank you for your strong support.
Additionally, the Acid Rain cap and trade program is administered with a relatively small staff relying on strong, state-of-the-art data tracking and reporting capabilities.
In fact, the Flamingo would launch over two decades of strong mob presence in Las Vegas.
He says that if he married a female with which he shared a strong trust, maybe he could work it out.
So the only opportunity I have to talk to her (via Skype) is that last hour in the late evening when the loft cools enough to be habitable—provided, of course, that the wifi strength that evening is strong enough to establish and maintain a connection.
God gave him big arms and strong legs, and he was able to swim across the river in about two hours, after almost drowning a couple of times.
He prescribed a strong placebo, but I don't think it's working.
ALAN GRANT You know my dislike of John Hammond was just as strong as yours, but he was right, Ian.
've been asked by people on the LaTeX3 development team to express a strong preference for the former, and a strong dislike for \over! 
've been asked by people on the LaTeX3 development team to express a strong preference for the former, and a strong dislike for \over! 
Support in this way gives strong acknowledgement to prior SGML work.
In an essay on the femme fatale heroines of film noir, Janey Place argues that the strong behavior of the female characters supersedes the moral lessons supposedly imparted by their morals at the end.
She writes, “the final ‘lesson’ of the myth often fades into the background and we retain the image of the erotic, strong, unrepressed (if destructive) woman.”
The tote bag is made of a strong, cotton material and has plenty of room, including a handy sewn-in pocket.
The new plant is part of IBM's push to gain a strong lead in chip-making beyond the personal computer business, where Intel and East Asian chip producers hold the advantage.
But Kelly said the demand for advanced chips, like those produced at IBM's facility in Burlington, Vt., is strong.
Grande dame of cooking still going strong at 90: Julia Child celebrates in San Francisco
Each town, with their own identity, instills a strong regionalistic feeling within their respective populations, which dictates many habits, exchanges, and interactions between populations.
To create a strong sense of place, the surroundings must be all of a piece; space, mass, shapes, and materials must reflect the same sensibility.
They are serious about what they are doing, that is, their buildings exhibit a strong sense of conviction.
The hard truth: The soil of North Truro is not strong enough to support agriculture.
You see, we need a strong membership base to continue delivering on our promise.
But in a deeper sense, the limits on garages are emblematic of the way successive administrations in New York have handled most things: They have consistently assumed that without a strong managerial hand, the city would degenerate into chaos.
We have shown that a single conservative amino acid change in a bacterial subtilisin enzyme can create a strong T cell epitope in our guinea pig model.
The aroQ genes are easily missed during genome annotation because they are small and do not show strong sequence conservation.
But several small foreign banks, with less to gain from a strong South Korea, will not extend loans, possibly jeopardizing the entire bailout.
Thus, results of the analysis between antioxidants and FEV 1 or FVC will be similar unless in a population free of reported lung disease very strong effects on airway narrowing or airflow limitation are present.
27 On the other hand, other economists have observed that strong consumer spending-boosted by low saving and the wealth effect discussed above-has fueled the surge in business investment and strong economic growth in the U.S. economy in recent years.
Two of the former class were low-scoring candidates that were nonetheless conserved in Anopheles (miR-287 and miR-288), indicating that third-species conservation is in our hands a very strong indicator of a candidate gene's validity.
Trees built with different cut-off values for symmetrical best hits, four different formulas for the evolutionary distance calculation (see Materials and Methods) and different parameters of the distributions showed essentially the same topology, with strong bootstrap support for most of the clades (Fig.
Don’t forget that the sun can be very strong in summer.
You might assume that the quarter-point hike means the Fed isn't that worried about inflation, even though there are signs that continued strong demand and tight labor markets are beginning to make themselves felt.
Strong multiculturalists, if they follow their argument to its extremes, end up having to support some other culture whose basic principles violate their own--thereby elevating the values of that culture above their own.
In the early years of Christianity a strong churc h — the Coptic—was established in Egypt, and it flourished in this area, now south of the city center.
An article warns Americans not to gloat over Japan's economic woes: We need a strong Japan to keep the world economy stable.
I am afraid that an adjective like penetrating is not only a bit strong but would be likely to be adopted as a slogan by the editor.
U.S. multinationals have been feeling the sting of the strong dollar for some time now, and the continued weakening of Asian currencies will continue to hurt their profit margins.
Introduction of a single ACS like element (9/11 match) in p21N (ARSc and ARSd) showed a strong band shift (Fig.
"I don't think you should make fun of anyone who has a strong desire for public service.
In the second place, the dollar has remained strong against the world's other major currencies.
Upon oxidation, this compound emits strong fluorescence with emission maximum centered at λ 545 , which can be viewed and quantified using fluorescence microscopy.
According to the Straits Times of Singapore, Ong Teng Cheong, the incumbent and the country's first elected president (prior to 1993 the president was chosen by parliament), wanted to seek re-election, but the Cabinet declined to support him for a second term because it felt "there was a strong likelihood that the President's health would affect the discharge of his official duties in the next few years."
That is, if you are going to say something about people, then avoid using the word man (for example) because, regardless of the ancillary definitions one might find in the dictionary, in its most common meaning and use it denotes `male' and the strong connotations of that denotation are carried over to all other applications of the word: it is not, in fact, as neutral as some believe it to be.
Weak commodity demand and a strong dollar are staving off inflation, but the Fed should pre-emptively raise interest rates before the bubble bursts.
Ipl is specifically expressed in the placental labyrinth [ 6 7 ] , and this probe gave a strong signal only in RNA from the superficial halves.
The Cars gene is not functionally imprinted, and the Nap1l4 gene shows a weak expression bias in some mouse tissues, but not in several human tissues examined to date [ 4 5 ] . The Obph1 gene, which shows a strong allelic bias in mRNA expression in the placenta, but not in other tissues, is located upstream of Tnfrh1 . Since assessment of allelic bias in the placenta is complicated by the presence of maternal cells, it is not known with certainty whether Obph1 is imprinted.
"I have the tremendous security of knowing that our business picture is very strong and that takes a lot of stress off," she said.
Similarly, one organization's central group was instrumental in acquiring a strong user authentication system to help ensure that network use could be reliably traced to the individual users.
This coast also has a succession of truly idyllic beaches, wide open and wild — but be aware that the currents here are extremely strong, and swimming is not recommended.
Our analysis of mitochondrial genomes shows that in most instances the calculated probabilities (ML-mapping, Bayesian posterior probabilities, or bootstrap values) support the expected tree topologies, albeit with surprisingly strong support values.
Although a strong dollar relative to several European currencies (notably the German mark and the Italian lira) is worrisome, it is nowhere near as serious as the huge ($50 billion in 1995!)
Chicano prisoners have a strong sense of family and community and feel they are constantly being watched by their barrio, family, women, and their home-boys peer group.
"If it does not test, the government might find it difficult to survive against the strong public reaction."
( Slate 's "Chatterbox" has strong views on this article.
The winners: British Prime Minister Tony Blair ("[His] reputation as a strong leader on the international stage will be enhanced.
However, they would have seen a structure with a veneer of splendid color and decorated with magnificently carved sculptures; not to mention a strong wooden roof now lost to posterity.
However, the strong similarity of MHCK-C to MHCK-A and MHCK-B in the conserved catalytic domain and the carboxyl-terminal WD repeat domain suggested that it might represent a third myosin heavy chain kinase in this organism.
Blood circulation is established over most of the yolk mass and the flow is strong in the subintestinal vein.
In the bladder, a relatively strong MIF staining was observed in the basal and intermediate layers of the urothelium of male and female rats confirming and extending our recent findings in male rats [ 10 11 ] . The superficial layer of the urothelium, on the other hand, contained relatively weak staining and areas devoid of MIF staining were often encountered.
By contrast, if divorce required mutual consent, your spouse could accept your efforts to make him or her happy without feeling a strong need to reciprocate.
Overlay both of these religions with a strong dose of animism, and you have a thoroughly inscrutable religious milieu in which Hindus and Buddhists worship at the same temples, and rocks, trees, and waterfalls take on mystical importance.
A few weeks ago, at a conference organized by Michael Mauboussin of Credit Suisse First Boston, Disney Imagineer Danny Hillis said that he thought Britannica's brand was so strong that once it got its act together, it would be a Web powerhouse.
Jamaica seeks to combine these influences with its own strong identity to create an independent and stable society.
No E2F staining was detected in BrdU labelled cells (green) of wild-type wing discs, whereas non-S phase cells showed strong E2F (red) staining (fig.
Despite some strong descriptions of events, all the papers could have done a better job of explaining them.
Drosophila embryogenesis has been studied extensively, providing a strong foundation of knowledge for our project [ 17].
2I) and showed strong LHR immunoreactivity with microglial cells (arrowhead; see Fig.
The caretakers must be physically strong, and have enough stamina to tote groceries and supplies up hill, and garbage down hill.
In Rent, there are few strong song ideas, few resolved lyric thrusts.

In placental material ERα expression determined by western blot analysis showed either strong ERα or barely detectable ERα bands, and where investigated, there were no transitions between these two types of ERα expression.
Republicans want to focus attention on the facts of the case, which are strong.
F. "Hit It Long and Strong"
BMD is known to have strong genetic determinants.
The LAT front features a big picture and accompanying story about yesterday's 600,000-strong nationwide protest in Russia calling for Boris Yeltsin to quit.
This is consistent with the present finding of a strong correlation between evolutionary rates in different phylogenetic partitions.
Although MHCK-A has been extensively characterized at the biochemical level [ 18 22 25 31 ] , only limited biochemical analysis has been performed with bacterially-expressed subdomains of MHCK-B and MHCK-C [ 17 18 22 ] . The current biochemical results provide strong support for the hypothesis that MHCK-C acts as a MHC kinase in vivo.
But it also had the effect of permitting a great, distinctive cultural growth with a strong national identity.
"The correlation between animal protein [intake] and fracture rates in different societies is as strong as that between lung cancer and smoking," says T. Colin Campbell, professor of nutritional biochemistry at Cornell University.
are strong during deep sleep, weaker during light sleep, and even weaker during REM sleep".
As noted in section 2, the combination of these policy actions and strong economic growth reduced federal government dissaving over the 1990s (see figure 4.1).
The whole process of killing the Earth (which is our big issue every news cycle, regardless of what the suits tell us) won't be brought to heel without strong international agreements ...
Where there is no strong leader, no unifying sense of purpose, and no rule of law, political chaos tends to ensue, as surely in the Longworth Building as in Rwanda or the former Yugoslavia.
As another quality control measure, prior to hybridization with Affymetrix GeneChips (Affymetrix, Inc., Santa Clara, CA), we confirmed that pooled samples gave strong signals using Affymetrix test chips.
Afro-Cuban traditions remain strong, reflected in music (walk down any street and a cacophony of sounds emanates from unseen sources) and particularly in carnaval, now a pale shadow of its former self — due to lack of resources — but still Cuba’s best.
In porcine ovaries, LHR expression was detected in granulosa and theca cells of preovulatory follicles, but not in granulosa lutein cells of the mature CL [ 27 ] . In human ovaries, LHR expression was also detected in granulosa and theca cells of preovulatory follicles, but mature CL showed strong expression in luteal cells, which disappeared during luteal regression.
Salt eluate gave a strong band shift which was identical with the band shift found with GSTCdc6 found in Fig.
For the 2006 games, Sion, Switzerland, was the "clear favorite" of the two finalists, offering good venues, a "strong tradition of winter sports," and "the political and economic security that the Olympic Games need."
The date-glitch issue has obvious technical associations; thus there is a strong connection between the term's appearance and its meaning.
Thus, given that the Bro-N domain is a DNA-binding domain, it appears plausible that it adopts a fold similar to that of the KilA-N domain, although sequence analysis and threading methods failed to provide strong support for this.
Strong community, strong schools.
Anticipating our contemporary Plain English laws, strong voices were raised in the 17th century against the use of foreign tongues as a kind of black art to mystify the uneducated and cheat them of their rights.
Wild-type and actAstrains of L. monocytogenesinfect Caco-2 cells at similar rates and both induce strong NFκB responses
While greater than 85% of terminally differentiated secretory cells in normal human prostate display strong nuclear staining for p27, all cases of high-grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia, invasive carcinoma, and pelvic lymph node metastases studied by DeMarzo et al.
For most countries the easiest source of a name for their money has been to take that of another country, either because of proximity and association with a strong economic country or because of a former colonial relationship.
8Managing for Results: Achieving GPRA's Objectives Requires Strong Congressional Role
It advises Blair to appoint a strong Cabinet, slow economic growth with higher interest rates, and strike boldly on government reform, but worries that the new prime minister is more concerned with symbols than with policy.
One is that the disabled have a strong, perhaps disproportionate, influence when it comes to public policy.
This intervention guaranteed the popularity of these Christian denominations; today, you will find Baptist and Adventist churches in almost every settlement, their congregations still as strong today as in the early 1800s.
However, in porcine preovulatory ovaries (late follicular phase), which contain numerous preovulatory follicles but no luteal tissue, very strong LHR immunoreactivity was also detected (lane 3, Fig.
The paper adds though that there is strong support for censure among Democratic senators, and that about a dozen Republican senators have also shown interest.
As shown in Table 2, both EF and χ 2analyses showed strong correlation between PCC1 and PCC2 with the p value less than 0.00001.

Some have even suggested that Jackson's strong language was intended to spur just an agreement, although one might have thought a more balanced opinion would have had a better effect in that direction.
And in a subsequent press release issued the same day, entitled "Can We Trust Bill Bradley To Keep the Economy Strong?"
Compounds comprising the first group, cycloheximide, denatonium benzoate and PROP, elicited strong responses in the NG and no significant responses in the CT.
We like our strong military; indeed, Bob Dole wants it stronger.
Bush's campaign rationale is that he'll keep America strong and make Americans proud.
He arrived at a convenient time in the tobacco fight: He had no strong feelings about the evil weed, and he became the tobacco scourge only when Republican leaders asked him to shepherd the bill through the Senate.
The law recognizes two basic kinds of trademark, though it allows for a measure of degree in their definition: a “strong trademark” is one used only in a fictitious or fanciful manner, while a “weak trademark” is a meaningful word in common usage that doubles as a suggestive or descriptive trademark.
Promesas made to saints and the milagros presented are a reflection of their strong predominance in daily life.
This is supported by the observation that the presence of an alternative strong oxidant that does not have the potential for such a coating (permanganate crystals at 20% w/w final concentration) also did not kill the endospores supports this (Figure 3).
Arabidopsis is known to contain extensive gene duplication and strong evidence of a whole-genome duplication [ 2]; thus it is not surprising to observe such a preponderance of repeats with just two members.
A front-page headline last Saturday read, "Peace at last for Ulster," and an editorial gushed, "[I]t is not naive to be optimistic about its prospects" and "we must all resist the temptation to see future violence described as a failure of the peace process," although that temptation would surely be strong.
Commerce also provided a strong rationale for helping the rebels, for Bermuda received most of its grain from the North American colonies.
The pH-dependency of fluorescence of both oxidized OxyBURST Green H 2 HFF BSA and 5-(and -6)-carboxyfluorescein were thus examined by the dual excitation ratiometric measurement in vitro , as shown in Figure 8. While 5-(and -6)-carboxyfluorescein exhibits strong pH-dependency, the experiment clearly demonstrates that fluorescence of the oxidized OxyBURST Green H 2 HFF BSA is not affected by variation of the pH within a range between 4.5 to 7.5.
Similar antibody assays were not performed to substantiate the identity of the purified APN because it clearly displayed strong, characteristic APN enzyme activity.
I now invite you to continue to support the mission and the message that is so important to building strong kids, strong families and strong communities.
Another article says one reason Rudy Giuliani won re-election was his strong connection to New York's long-neglected outer-borough residents.
In fact, the Flamingo would launch over two decades of strong mob presence in Las Vegas.
They are born equally strong?
Based on the composition of known SCF complexes, we identified in the S. pombe genome database psh1 (pombe skp1 homologue) and pip1 (pop interacting protein 1), two genes encoding proteins with strong similarity to human SKP1 and HRT1/RBX1/ROC1, respectively (data not shown).
First there's the pro-choice defense, which says every woman's choice should be respected, whether it's running marathons or posing for Gear . Then there's the "sexy to be strong" defense, which praises the U.S. women for adding muscle tone to our idea of feminine beauty.
In an editorial, the Times praised the strong, unified action of the British and the Americans and said it was time to seize this opportunity while a large force is assembled in the Gulf and Iraq is apparently in retreat.
But those who had thrived in functional black communities with strong schools and civic organizations--doing just fine without white folks--were understandably ambivalent about desegregation.
Prudie, herself, after undergoing some rather strong e-mail aversion therapy, plans never to step foot in the more spacious stall again.
The cover editorial reassures readers that a global depression is highly unlikely as long as the American economy stays strong.
Alternating attempts to indict and extradite Ruiz Massieu have strained U.S.-Mexican relations for years, but the case for indictment has grown so strong, says the NYT , that the Mexican government now supports the proceedings.
Finally, analysis of inverted elements by TSDfinder provides strong, independent support for the twin-priming model.
If you’re not familiar with baseball’s finer points, most fans in the friendly, vociferous, 34,000-strong crowd would love to talk you through them.
In the mature CL, granulosa lutein cells showed diminution of cytoplasmic LHR immunoreactivity and strong surface staining (Fig.
Elaborate patterns, some of them with narrative scenes, might be woven into fabrics of great finesse, their finely spun fibers dyed in strong and subtle colors.
Beijing is becoming a modern international capital, but one with strong Chinese characteristics that keep it an interesting and distinctive place to visit.
Always remember to cover young skin with a strong sunblock and to limit children’s exposure time for the first few days.
Genome comparisons revealed strong similarities with regions of human chromosome 11, mouse chromosome 9 and rat chromosome 8 (Table 2).
His authoritarian rule has prevented the emergence of future leaders and the development of strong civic and political institutions.
[ 17 ] Although no reliability data were reported by the tool developers, the researchers in this substudy found that inter-rater reliability was very strong (r = .95.
(That there is expected to be a strong market for the medication despite these possible side-effects is yet more evidence of the growing narcissism of the American man, who apparently is more interested in looking sexy than being sexy.)
In order to prove that p44/42 MAPK can be stimulated in H441 cells by an activator of this kinase, some cells were also treated with 10 nM 12- O -tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate (TPA), a strong stimulator of p44/42 MAPK in H441 cells, for 5 min [ 21 ] . TPA caused an approximately twofold increase in p44/42 MAPK phosphorylation over control levels.
And, of course, it is remarkable to learn that George W. has actual opinions on any subject, let alone strong and controversial ones.
In combination with the osteocalcin data, this report provides strong evidence that simvastatin does not have an effect on bone in an established Swiss Webster mouse model of OVX-induced osteoporosis.
Kovalam also has surfing, but be careful of strong currents.
Very strong p27 expression was characteristic for the fibers exhibiting cytoplasmic vacuolization (a3, see also inset, Fig.
Ha'aretz , which led its front page Wednesday with a report that Barak is planning to seek détente with Israel's "enemy number one," Iran, against strong objections by his own military intelligence, also pointed out in its Wednesday editorial that Barak has "achieved his fundamental goal--a government unthreatened by a sword of Damocles over its head."
sα i2 shows a dramatic change in localization when co-expressed with βγ (Figure 8D), displaying strong PM staining.
If McCain holds out for a strong bill, Lott may have no alternative to an old-fashioned filibuster . Supporters of McCain-Feingold will probably need not just 50 votes for victory (with the tie to be broken by Al Gore) but 60 votes to invoke "cloture" and break a filibuster.
It is possible that p35 is purified as ATP bound form but an associated weak ATPase activity does not allow it to give a strong binding activity.
Moreover, CEOs and governors can set powerful examples through their own strong relationships with CIOs.
The latter were assumed to be infrequently transferred, but recent analyses reported them to be horizontally transferred among bacterial lineages [ 10 11 ] . The initiation factor IF-2 in Halobacterium sp. was previously shown to have strong similarity to the initiation factor IF-2 from Bacteria [ 49 ] . Most of the genes that group Halobacterium with the mesophilic bacteria encode functions that were postulated to be frequently exchanged [ 50 ] . While no meta-category appears exempt from HGT, some functions appear to be more often transferred than others (cf.
During evolution, after all, having a baby come out of your womb was reasonably strong evidence of kinship.
CV-1 cells showed a strong response to R1881 compared to vehicle-treated cells with both androgen-responsive reporters used (Fig.
Eyes Wide Shut (a film that for all its sex tries to show sex is anything but the "gold standard" for a man; the inchoate but strong impulse to break free is what really drives the male character).
La Repubblica of Rome was preoccupied with the Vatican's difficulty in finding a new commanding officer for the pope's 100-strong Swiss Guard, it being the view of the Swiss bishops that the deputy commander, Lt.
At The New Yorker , where he is a staff writer, he has produced several strong pieces of literary journalism on subjects as varied as Harry Belafonte and the declining importance of loyalty.
We all hear constantly that strong principals play a large part in creating strong schools, but I was struck that Bennett had very little to say about them and their role--except as the last resort for disgruntled parents.
Modern men have been saddled with an image of strong simplicity, the neat suggestion of an upper-class sporting and military milieu.
The style itself may best be described as fantasy Hungarian with strong Moorish inﬂuences.
Although these changes have provided strong motivation for increased channel coordination, the development and implementation of key facilitating technologies—like bar codes, the later spread of EDI, and automated distribution centers—have been the real movers here.
An inside story at the WP piggybacks on a story in this week's New Republic amassing strong evidence that Tom DeLay, a leading congressional doubter of President Clinton's truthfulness under oath, said under oath in a civil case that he was not an officer of a Texas pest control company even though at about the same time he reported to Congress that he was the company's chairman.
The Defense Department favored strong action.
Through writers like Qutb, and the presence of Egyptian Islamist teachers in the Saudi educational system, Islamists already had a strong intellectual influence on Bin Ladin and his al Qaeda colleagues.
The broadcast networks are keeping up with potentially strong episodes of their flagship series.
The “strong anthropic principle” goes further  indeed, too far  and posits that, for mysterious reasons, the universe is contrived such that life must arise to observe it and wonder at it.
The Pima Indians have a very high prevalence for type 2 diabetes mellitus (or non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, NIDDM) with evidence of strong familial aggregation [ 1].
For these reasons, commercial companies have strong incentives to capture product knowledge early in the process to assess the chances of making the business case and the need for further investments.
A similar pattern of MIF immunostaining was described for human epidermis with the basal layer displaying strong MIF staining and weaker staining in the more superficial layers [ 16 ] . MIF staining was also observed in the acini of the ventral lobe of the prostate.
The German daily Die Welt reported "strong irritation" in Bonn over the arrangements for President Clinton's visit to Germany.
The univariate pattern analysis provides essential information on short-term phase recurrence and suggests a strong relationship between sleep architecture and cardiovascular regulation, but is only weakly linked with coupling processes and real phase synchronization.
The Japanese, on the other hand, have reason to worry about the yen's becoming too strong when their economy is still barely limping along.
Its vital stake in the grain and commodities market gives Winnipeg a strong financial as well as architectural affinity with Chicago, as you can see on a visit to the trading floor of the Commodity Exchange, open to the public at 360 Main (5th floor).
If demand for shares remains strong, companies eventually offer more shares for sale in secondary offerings.
Even though I guess he's a notch or two to my left, I'd vote for him happily against Hillary or Rudy for practically any office--because he has a sense of humor and seems like a vital, mentally healthy person of strong character.
Together we can build strong kids, strong families and a strong community.
reveals his own strong bias toward income redistribution.
Disequilibrium can also take the form of strong negative correlations and B alleles may be associated strongly with the group of N alleles.
This creates strong incentives for the program office to take significant risks with technologies and designs to ensure it can offer the customer a weapon system that is a quantum leap above the competition.
Biopsy samples obtained from symptomatic women in advanced postmenopause showed diminution of size in some fibers accompanied by strong cytoplasmic p27 expression (Fig.
"The Long Beach program had strong support in the community so in a situation like that, one has to recognize that it's not like a takeover where I have all the answers and I know best," Iwasaki said. "
Their strong feelings for each other are real, but they are also astonishing feats of denial, and Anderson acts as both sympathizer and judge.
Even so, the fact remains that this unprecedentedly strong form of global arms control--the sort of thing peacenik hippies could only dream about a decade ago--now commands mainstream support: all Senate Democrats, around half of all Senate Republicans, Presidents Clinton, Carter, Ford, and Bush (and, for all we know, Reagan).
The rest of the 75 page section contains a mix of strong writers being stifled (or perhaps pre-emptively stifling themselves) and weak ones being given too much space to say too little.
The only way to get a lawyer so cheaply will be to find one with limited experience, or perhaps one fresh out of law school with a strong desire to "provide justice to low-income people," Figgins said.
Finally, additional placements were based on strong protein homology with supportive computer exon prediction.
Two family members, acidic fibroblast growth factor (FGF-1) and FGF-2, have a strong affinity for heparin and have been studied for their effects on vascular cells, including endothelial cells and smooth muscle cells.
But when I read a scientific paper titled "Equidistant Letter Sequences in the Book of Genesis," I confess I felt a strong urge to grow side-locks and a long beard and start atoning for my years of doubt.
For example, mouse embryonal stem (ES) cells with homozygous deletion of the PTEN gene exhibit increased anchorage-independent growth as compared to normal ES cells [ 12 ] . Similarly, transfer of a wild type PTEN gene into anchorage-independent human glioblastoma cells (which lack functional PTEN), results in their greatly reduced ability to form colonies in soft agar [ 4 5 6 ] . The interpretation of these latter findings, however, is complicated by the strong anti-proliferative effects of PTEN even in monolayer culture, which is consistently observed when the wild type version of this gene is introduced into PTEN-negative tumor cells [ 4 6 7 8 9 10 18 33 ] . Moreover, in human glioma and breast cancer cell lines, the ectopic expression of wild type PTEN leads to anoikis, which is apoptosis initiated by the disruption of cell matrix-interactions [ 23 34 35 36 ] .
Instead of these sensible solutions to their problem, the gentlemen have taken the paradoxically agitated step of founding a group--the "Technorealists"--and issuing a manifesto about their lack of strong feelings.
Considering our experimental conditions, particularly using a single in vivo injection, the dermenkephalin seemed the most suitable agonist ligand to specifically stimulate the δ-opioid receptor and provoke a possible internalization of the receptor due to its affinity as well as to its strong resistance to degradation.
The Wall Street Journal "Work Week" column reveals yet another sign of the strong economy--the job of butler is making a comeback.
The message was re-expressed at DII 1100 h (luteolysis) with strong hybridization for BMP-2 appearing in clusters of endothelial cells scattered throughout the CL-I (Fig.
This is exemplified by the isolation through Fourier filtering of a circhoral (approximately hourly) rhythm in human core body temperature found against a background of a strong circadian temperature rhythm [ 59 ] .
Although it is tempting to conclude that the pH- and heat-resistent dimerization we observe with VR1 results from a covalent interaction, we cannot rule out other explanations such as strong hydrophobic interactions.
Until recently, we were ignorant of the existence of proteins facilitating water movement [ 1, 2], although the existence of proteinaceous water channels in plants had been suggested long ago, and received strong experimental support a decade ago [ 3, 4].
In its June 1998 report, the Inspector General noted that the staff had a strong commitment to protecting public health and safety but expressed high levels of uncertainty and confusion about the new directions in regulatory practices and challenges facing the agency.
The LAT editorial page calls on the Senate "to fashion a strong resolution of censure that would require Clinton to acknowledge, at last, that he lied under oath", and then to get on with the business of government.
This in the face of much Puerto Rican sentiment against the continued operation of the base, which has been particularly strong since April, when one Puerto Rican guard was killed by a stray bomb from a Marine jet.
Dismissive coverage of Dole before the straw poll played to her advantage, as everyone marveled at her "surprisingly" strong third.
While the new surplus projections offer an opportunity to address today's needs, we should not forget our stewardship responsibility to reduce the debt burden and increase the choices we leave to future generations, to provide a strong foundation for future economic growth and to ensure that future commitments are both adequate and affordable.
Ferrate(VI) is a very strong oxidizing agent and will readily oxidize many organic molecules in aqueous solution [ 19 20 21 ] . High oxidation power selectivity and by-production of non-toxic Fe(III) make potassium ferrate(VI) an environmentally friendly oxidant for removal of industrial contaminants from natural waters [ 22 ] . We confirmed this degradative activity of ferrate using 2,4,6-trinitrotoluene (TNT), though a mixture of dodecane and hexadecane, as might be found within microbial membranes, was not degraded by ferrate(VI) (Figures 1and 2).
It is difficult to understand why Charles V, who was born in and had strong family ties to The Low Countries, should treat the region with such harshness, however the dynasty power base was in Spain and emotion had no part in Empire-making.
The pattern of always drinking bottled water in the home had a strong negative association with cryptosporidiosis (always category: OR, 0.09; 95% CI, 0.03-0.
Strong band shift was obtained up to 0.2 M NaCl.
In general, correlation between two positions decreases as a function of distance, but there are examples of strong correlation between widely separated positions (Figure 1b).
And those who take on thorny issues or take strong stands or-worst of all-try to find a truly honorable and principled middle ground are usually only punished for their trouble.
We have some firms that are strong and some firms that have struggled," she says.
Political Washington is desperate for a Democratic horse race, but a horse race can only happen if Bradley is perceived to be strong, and he will only be perceived to be strong if everyone says he is.

The piece explains the institutionalized tensions between agents and managers, and suggests that Ovitz is off to "a strong start," having already lured away industry "crown jewels" such as Leonardo DiCaprio and Cameron Diaz.
Thus, there is strong evidence that muscle electroporation, as it usually performed, is severely damaging and reduces plasmid expression to the survival cells.
USAT also says Newt Gingrich has signaled strong support for action against Saddam, while his colleague Richard Armey has stressed the need for prior Congressional review of any attack plan.
A strong conviction is suddenly an indefensible belief.
In untreated controls, most cells displayed strong staining for SKP2 with few cells positive for p27 (Fig.
Lay in with a strong will and a strong arm.
The genome of C57BL/6J is currently being sequenced as part of a public effort [ 38] and for this reason, the utility of the BXN set for converting QTLs to strong candidate genes will increase significantly in the next few years [ 37].
Although selecting clones that showed strong hybridization only with the forward subtracted pool was straightforward, it was more difficult to select differentially expressed genes when signals were detected in both the forward-subtracted and unsubtracted pools.
It's possible, of course, that investment banks just keep getting surprised over and over again by the strong demand for IPOs, and that they really make their best effort to match opening prices with market demand while giving themselves reasonable insurance against getting stuck with unsold shares.
Republican Representative Curt Weldon, chairman of the House fire caucus, offers an alternative explanation: when the economy is strong, "they don't need to commit arson or bail out a business."
Because long-term-treated wild-type animals of 129SvJ background (sy) are similar to the knockout animals, treatment seems to have a strong effect in these animals.
The genes included: Rv3052c (probable nrdI ) which is postulated to be involved in deoxynucleotide production under stressed conditions; Rv0101 which is a nonribosomal peptide synthetase that displays strong homology with a Pseudomonas nonribosomal peptide synthetase required for the synthesis of the pyoveridine, a siderophore involved in iron uptake; Rv3420c which displays homology with the S18 ribosomal protein acetyltransferase which behaves as a heat shock protein in Chlamydia trachomatis; and Rv0497 and Rv3604c which are hypothetical conserved membrane proteins of unknown function.
These all-important distinctions are not ones that epidemiologists or sociologists or psychologists can measure very effectively, because they involve a strong subjective element.
M ost dubious proof of pregnancy: The Globe 's aforementioned Jennifer Aniston story, in which one of the "strong hints" that Aniston was "in a family way" was the fact that when children come to the Friends set, she is always "the first to rush over and ask if she can hold the tot."
Their history has been a constant quest for national identity: a conflict between strong regional loyalties and central authority.
A strong independence party, the Wafd, gained political power during the 1920s and became a prominent force throughout the next few decades.
It was also noticed that strong fluorescence of oxidized OxyBURST Green H 2 HFF BSA only existed in a subset of lysosomes, as indicated by arrows in the inset.
6A, the placentae with strong ERα expression belong to the PT1 (normal) or PT2 (slightly abnormal) types, while placentae with low ERα expression belong to the PT3 and PT4 types (moderate and severe abnormality).
In endometrium, the early follicular phase was associated with strong stromal p27 expression (s, panel D), accompanied by variable nuclear expression in epithelium of narrow glands (arrows).
Analysts cited the usual factors: strong profits, low inflation, expectations of a sound budget agreement.
Politically, the façade of the old colonial government structure--a strong executive, a weak legislature, and an efficient but politically neutral civil service--will continue.
These programs have provided many young people with a strong foundation for future museum experiences-
However, strong ERα expression is apparent in early culture (top inset E), and persists thereafter (top inset F), apparently due to the lack of mature syncytium formation.
As an eyewitness to some of the events, Blackard provides especially strong corroboration.
A major finding was the strong frequency dependent interference level.
It's a given that strong familial relationships help keep kids on the straight path.
This strong sense of transience and impermanence has doubtless arisen as a natural response to Japan’s devastating geography and seismology.
The Mixe in Mexico consider that the odour and taste of a plant are important criteria in deciding what plants to use for an illness [ 1 ] . The Waorani in Amazonian Ecuador consider that plants with strong, or repulsive odours will force symptoms to flee from the body and this belief guides their use of Renealmia alpinia and a Philodendron for snakebites [ 28 ] . The Warao in eastern Venezuela consider 'bad air' to be pathogenic and 'good' or perfumed air to be therapeutic [ 29 ] .
But instead of just doing it, European nations agreed to a seven-year transition period during which they would be required to meet a complex set of criteria--mainly to reduce their budget deficits while keeping their currencies strong.
The Hong Kong Standard said Thursday that "if Mr. Clinton's was a bravura performance in the face of so much adversity, it was also because he had facts and figures to back his claim that the United States was not only strong but also brimming with confidence.
Expression was particularly strong in the dorsal portion of this pouch (figure 2B).
The gallery also has a strong policy of both acquiring and commissioning works depicting modern Scots in the public eye (including actors Sean Connery and Robbie Coltrane and Manchester United football manager Sir Alex Ferguson), which keeps its exhibitions fresh and fulfills Carlyle’s original aims.
While the genes in this category appear more conserved and phylogenetically informative, the strong support that the genes in this category provide is nearly evenly split between the three possibilities.
To resist a turbulent United States torn by civil war, Anglo-Canadians wanted a strong central government delegating little more than municipal affairs to the provinces.
Furthermore, this approach attempted to channel relatively strong outside support for combating terrorism into backing for across-the-board funding increases.
In England, it has been reviled as a slander by musicians and music critics, but on this side of the Atlantic its reception has been warm, and there's a strong chance that Emily Watson will win an Oscar nomination for her committed turn as the unstable cellist.
Thus randomized screening trials should only be undertaken when there is strong preliminary evidence for a potential benefit of screening that could outweigh attendant harms.
We all hear constantly that strong principals play a large part in creating strong schools, but I was struck that Bennett had very little to say about them and their role--except as the last resort for disgruntled parents.
To create a strong sense of place, the surroundings must be all of a piece; space, mass, shapes, and materials must reflect the same sensibility.
Almost everything else about the production is equally strong.
As you say, the myth of the strong father is one thing; the reality is often quite another: often tyrants who are intimidating rather than encouraging.
Although I would defend this entry on the grounds that intelligible ellipsis lies at the core of the challenge, I could avoid the fairly strong first objection by restoring the clause-signaling however of my first entry:
Early attention to strong systems and controls for acquisition and related business processes will be critical both to ensuring success and maintaining integrity and accountability.
A strong, viable Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is needed to maintain investor confidence in the markets.
Strong cytoplasmic and nuclear LHR immunoreactivity was found in smooth muscle cells in the vaginal wall (Fig.
Productivity growth remains very strong, at 4.1 percent in the most recent quarter, though the rate of that growth has slowed slightly (very slightly).
A weak to moderate cross-reactivity with anti-BT-R 1 was observed for B. mori BBMV as well as the putative cadherin-like receptor fraction, providing strong evidence that the material is a cadherin-like protein (Fig.
Sagres’s connections to the sea, and Portugal’s maritime exploits, are strong.
Hoiles admits he never had a strong arm.
However, such an operon module also has strong potential for xenologous transfer because of its specialized functional potential.
Klehr and Haynes wrote a strong letter in support of Brent's "editorial leadership" and of Brent himself.
Western blot analysis of pelvic floor compartments showed strong expression of ~92 and 68 kDa species in protein extracts from the vaginal wall (VagW; lane 14), which consists of vaginal epithelium, longitudinal and circular smooth muscle cell bundles, and connective tissue.
There must have been a strong desire to listen to music while walking or jogging on the sidewalk.
"As her title suggests, self-reflection and an appreciation of ambiguity are not Marcia Clark's strong points," Ellen Willis writes in the New York Times Book Review . The dead prose style, adds Entertainment Weekly 's Dana Kennedy, "reads as if Clark had dictated it from her car phone."
The LAT says that the speech was in its own way the ultimate impeachment defense: revealing Clinton to be a president focused on the issues people really care about, and hence might help him maintain the strong poll ratings that may be his ultimate lever with the senators sitting in judgment of him.
She was a strong supporter of the recent change to the State Bar of Texas dues statement that requires attorneys to "opt-out" of making a contribution to legal services.
(Re Saddam: note that the Clinton administration is now confronted with a serious "Wag the Dog" problem: any strong action taken against Saddam may be construed in the media as a manufactured diversion.)
The Clallam said they were strong people.
As Prudie's hero Henry David Thoreau observed, "Some circumstantial evidence is very strong, as when you find a trout in the milk."
His brief goes like this: There are two kinds of multiculturalism, "weak" (or "boutique") "multiculturalism" and "strong multiculturalism."
The Strong, Silent Type
Murdoch also reported that the Australian military have received strong indications that Maj.
Figures 6and 7show that salts, acids and umami compounds elicited strong responses in both nerves.
But insofar as dispersing the slots would foster competition, a strong case can be made that it's the former.
It must be one where you can get away with usage-based pricing, and where there is a strong rationale for making it cheap, yet not free.
This is most clearly manifest in the two major bacterial clusters that appear in this tree, each with a strong bootstrap support:
I now invite you to continue to support the mission and the message that is so important to building strong kids, strong families and strong communities.
In the seventh century, one strong king, Harshavardhana, reigned for 40 years over northern India, and encouraged Buddhist monks and Brahman priests to participate in philosophical discussions.
Americans pronounce a strong r in card, port, and similar contexts.
Ethnic Chechens--descendants of an isolated mountain people--were strong trade partners with Russia in the 18 th and 19 th centuries, but rebelled violently against annexation in the late 1700s and again in the 1840s and 1850s.
However, the strong, consistent relationship between the percent of incident cases of AR in each study and duration of exposure suggests that our estimates were reasonable and biologically relevant.
..” In American English scheme strongly implies `craftiness, secret intent'; while not as strong as plot , it certainly lacks the neutral qualities of plan and conveys a meaning far beyond its dictionary definition.
Even when the majority of the sequences composing the Gibbs motif match a single factor, there are a few other strong factor matches generally in different positions and perhaps the other orientation.
In so doing, says Fish, Locke defines religion away, or at least all religions with strong beliefs and problematic forms of public worship.
The NYT emphasizes that the incident may well have political, as well as real, fallout, noting that Japanese commentators are already predicting a strong public opinion backlash against industry and the government, which was seen by many Japanese as responding to yesterday's events rather slowly.
"The Beast stands for strong, mutually antagonistic governments everywhere," says the press magnate, Lord Copper, in Evelyn Waugh's Scoop . That is a pretty good attitude to have about domestic politics.
Comparing rates across the country showed that BCS was much more common in the Northeast than in the South [ 33 ] . Low BCS rates were also found in rural areas, such as North and South Carolina [ 10 ] , Minnesota [ 35 ] , and the Southwest [ 36 ] . An analysis of 1991-1992 SEER data [ 37 ] demonstrated a strong association between BCS and distance to the next radiotherapy facility.
3C) whereas high salt eluate containing only p35 showed strong DNA binding activity suggesting that p35 not Cdc6 is responsible for the binding activity.
There is strong evidence that the antioxidant properties of wine are, at least in part, due to activity of different flavonoids and other compounds [ 41 ] . In addition, white wine contains several phenols with antioxidant activity [ 42 43 ] .
Functions Determine impact and give strong inference about reasons for effects
How Strong Is the Case Against Linda Tripp?
Lehane added: "Within the past few weeks, Bradley's statements raise questions as to whether or not he has the vision and the experience to keep the economy strong."
This study shows that both FEV 1 and FVC are associated with wine intake and this leaves us with little evidence for a strong effect of alcohol intake on airway narrowing.
I only wish this strong defense of the museum's First Amendment rights had come a little earlier, before the whole issue got muddied up by the disclosure that museum officials were bankrolling the elephant-dung virgin, et al.
Only the Wall Street Journal points out high and clear that the Albanians' promise to sign would quickly evaporate if they meet with strong internal criticism before the talks reconvene.
This book is the product of both a strong movement toward the intellectualization of black experience among an elite and the anti-intellectualization of black experience by the public at large (earnest and respectful of black experience as it has now generally become) and those who cater to the public's access to intellectual material by rounding off the rough edges and making it thoroughly anti-intellectual by designing and evoking certain emotional markers about "struggle" and "resistance."
All trials scored five or six on the six point Gilbert [ 19 ] and Colditz [ 20 ] scales, denoting strong qualitative support in favor of EPO ((see Additional file 1)).
A tour of the interior reveals a strong and efficient design.
14%), a typical background for cDNA cloning; 96% of the clusters with detectable homology have nematode homologs (1,227/1,280), 17% have only nematode homology, and in the vast majority of cases, higher conservation is seen to a nematode sequence than any non-nematode sequence; additional confirmation of nematode origin comes from the presence of an SL1 trans -spliced leader sequence on some genes; all sequences with strong amino-acid homology to prokaryotic genes were closely examined and in no cases were the high levels of identity maintained at the nucleotide level (as would be the case with a contaminating sequence).
Rodriguez took the standard communitarian tack, arguing that newly landscaped suburbs such as Littleton produce deracinated teens who can't become individuals because they lack a sense of community: "[Y]ou cannot become an individual without a strong sense of 'we,' " he writes.
Free-trade advocates said they are too strong (they may prompt retaliatory measures from affected countries).
Due to lack of information about the implant, particularly details about the electronic circuit design, the reason for the strong frequency dependence of the interference level and the very low interference level around 1500 MHz could not be determined.
By map inspection (refer to Figure 15) these areas of strong boundary overlap include the vicinities of Locust Valley (11560) and Mill Neck (11765); Bohemia (11716) and Islip Terrace (11752); and Mastic Beach (11951) and Shirley (11967).
But otherwise, so long as his religious convictions, no matter how weak or strong they may be, are not geared toward the outright oppression or destruction/neglect of those who fail to share his views, they should not matter, and warrant no scrutiny.
“Nein Euroshima” the astonished visitor is likely to find on tee shirts and sidewalks wherever anti-nuclear sentiments run strong.
One gets the strong impression that for those entries that are acknowledged as being of US, Canadian, or other origin the editor has very few, if any, citations, for most of the words and expressions are not traced back very far.
The only thing I do remember is a conversation over dinner ( canard aux olives ) with an adviser to the new government, who explained its plan to stimulate the economy with public spending while raising wages and maintaining a strong franc.
Rose is now seventy-six and, evidently, going strong.
After Robert Kennedy's assassination in 1968, he endorsed strong gun control legislation, and as recently as last year he declared that AK-47s are "inappropriate for private use."
In those instances, unlike in the Indonesian one, there is strong evidence of a quid pro quo, or at least mutual back-scratching.
The winds at Sotavento Beach at Jandía are regularly strong, and in July the world championships are held here.
The environmental theory of PD recently received strong support from the work of Greenamyre et al.
In other words, the Yemenis provided strong evidence connecting the Cole attack to al Qaeda during the second half of November, identifying individual operatives whom the United States knew were part of al Qaeda.
"The strong US public support for NATO's intervention could weaken in the face of indecisiveness," it said.
Girl Scouts of Hoosier Capital Council has a strong and growing membership.
The Times has the most detail about the U.S. role, reporting that President Clinton insisted in a 20-minute phone call with Suharto on Thursday night that Indonesia must put in place strong economic reforms.
The sequence identity within the HisRS domain of IfkA/B and yeast GCN2 is 28%, with strong conservation within the M1, M2, and M3 motifs that are characteristic of class II aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases [ 37 ] . The similarity between the kinase domains is much higher, with IfkA/B possessing 44% identity with yeast GCN2, with high conservation of all of the kinase subdomains.
6.1 The use of test organisms taken from the receiving water has strong appeal, and would seem to be a logical approach.
There needs to be a "Christian Left" that recognizes the strong faith much of America holds.
Large, strong inedible fish that frequent the shallows and sand flats, bonefish are said to be the most difficult species in the world to catch.
It has turned in a strong performance this decade.
Acl exhibits strong similarity to coenzyme F390 synthetase of methanogenic archaea, as well as to phenylacetate-CoA ligase of E. coli . As Xylella does not appear to make the F420 cofactor that is the substrate of F390 synthetase, the function of Acl is likely to be closer to phenylacetate-CoA ligase.
A strong positive association was seen between BMD and corpus uteri cancer, and a significant trend towards decreasing colorectal cancer risk with increasing BMD.
If successful, a retailer’s private-label program can capitalize on the same type of strong brand recognition that has yielded profits to companies like Levi Strauss or more recently Tommy Hilfiger.
The N-terminal 15aa peptide produced an effect at least as strong as the whole molecule (Fig.
As a male reader, I get strong vibrations from this book that the authors advocate the paranoid view that everything in the language that is not exactly as they would like it to be is the result of a gigantic hate program against women.
19), the correlation between caregiver-patient ratings were significant but relatively not that strong (r .33, p = .000, df 1, 162).
Shouldn't the tools be stowed in something spectacularly light and strong and expensive--Kevlar or woven Tang or something?
A 36 bp DNA containing a single strong TOP1 cleavage site [ 24 ] or a 161 bp restriction fragment [ 25 ] was used as the substrate.
Interestingly, lysosomes with strong OxyBURST fluorescence contain only very weak fluorescence of LysoTracker Red (see arrows).
Agringado is a particularly strong term in comparison to americanizado, because the word gringo connotes a strong negative image of a North American.
To this day, the priest has a strong influence within the community.
And because nobody will want to pay this entry fee without a reasonable hope of earning it back, only a few companies will enter a market subject to strong increasing returns.
All the communities still have strong religious faith, the pretty churches are full on Sundays, and a conversation about some future event always ends with “…God willing” or “…with the Lord’s blessing.”
For Chicanos, un hombre macho is a man who symbolizes dignity, takes care of his family, has respect for all women, especially his mother, and possesses a strong sense of self-identity and character.
Clinton's new spin: The "bipartisan" House vote "confirms the strong commitment of the United States."
Like any successful architect, Hood had a strong sense of his changing time.
As for the maker of weak tea, more strong words are forthcoming: Water bewitched and tea begrudged.
For someone who sees the Internet as the latest advance in technology, which is not all that different from the radio, the cell phone, or the fax machine, there is a strong tendency to see issues on the Internet as though they were outgrowths of familiar problems elsewhere.
Although not a religious sacrament, the celebrations of Quinceañeras take on a strong religious undertone.
The LAT notes that previously, separate House and Senate committees investigated Clinton fund-raising without uncovering illegality by high-level Clinton administration officials, but goes on to quote a Judiciary Republican source saying that only 20 percent of LaBella's memo has been reviewed by Congress, and that the GOP members believe the other 80 percent contains strong evidence of illegal Clinton fund-raising.
Strong LHR expression in microglial cells in the brain cortex is of particular interest.
The Post notes that the attack was delayed until after last Sunday's parliamentary elections, in which the pro-Kremlin block made a strong showing.
Chatterbox is far from the only person with a strong attachment to the skyscraper; in an essay in an earlier millennium issue of the Times Magazine , Herbert Muschamp proclaimed the Seagram Building "my choice as the millennium's most important building."
"Now that most EU members have signed up, they should have a strong incentive to support Brussels' efforts to negotiate on their behalf a broader and more balanced deal, which would liberalise transatlantic aviation."
KIAA0319 had strong signal from brain and cerebellum mRNA, reflected by the 10 of 29 publicly accessible ESTs originating from brain cDNA libraries.
One is that the dog is attempting to take on the odour like a perfume, the other is that the odour is too strong to cover with a urine mark so the dog tries to cover it with its entire body surface [ 30 ] .
Islam never gained a strong foothold in Bali, which was difficult to invade because of its many reefs and lack of harbors, and had few products to attract traders.
Together we can build strong kids, strong families and a strong community.
The NYT is particularly strong on capturing the heat of the political debate, noting (along with the LAT ) that Chernomyrdin warned the parliament that "Indonesia reached the point where the country went up in flames.
The flavor will be strong or dull or salty.
The Executive Summary indicates comments received in response to the proposed rulemaking provided strong support for allowing the provision of fixed wireless
This dataset represents a relatively strong test of the constant mean assumption, because very large biological modulation of many mRNAs occurs across the dataset.
She, in turn, is followed by an advocate for a more conventional approach: looking for companies with strong earnings growth that are currently trading at low stock prices.
The first, "introns-early", posits that introns were present in most, if not all, protein-coding genes in the last universal common ancestor (LUCA) and have subsequently been lost in the archaeal and bacterial domains due to strong selection for compact genomes.
Familial and epidemiological studies have indicated that there is a strong genetic component in the aetiology of diabetic nephropathy in Type I diabetes patients [ 1, 2].
Some Republicans expressed strong emotion about Reno's decision.
Egyptians revered the strong and patient creatures and Kom Ombo is dedicated to Sobek, the crocodile god.
United States firms have been successful because they have had strong leaders running them, and an effective and strong board of directors can counterbalance a strong executive.
Since there are three molecules with strong absorbances at 340 nm (retinal, retinoic acid, and NADH), we developed a high pressure liquid chromatography (HPLC) assay to assess the ability of DPAB to inhibit retinal oxidation by class 1 ALDH.
In short, if we control for P classes, there is a very strong and very statistically significant residual bias toward high numbers of canalyzing inputs per gene.
This is supported by a strong protein enhanced crosslink between U191 (near κ in domain I) and C2421 (near κ' in domain V) (Noah and Lambowitz, unpublished data).
Netanyahu's spin: They held off because I'm strong and vigilant, so re-elect me.
But when two countries are subject to strong "asymmetric shocks"--which is econospeak for saying that if they shared a common currency one would sometimes be in a boom while the other was in a slump and vice versa--there is a good case for their having separate currencies whose relative values are allowed to fluctuate.
Any attempt at imposing English on children, however, is met with very strong resistance.
[ 4 ] , this showed equal allelic representation in cDNAs from various fetal and adult tissues, and a strong maternal bias in the placenta (Fig.
We don't see him surprise the nation in 1964 with strong showings in the Maryland and Wisconsin Democratic primaries--states outside the Deep South where he wasn't expected to fare well.
In contrast to IgG1, the expression of IgG2a isotype showed a strong inverse correlation with the concentration of endogenous IL-4.
In the basal plate, EVT also exhibited strong (solid arrow) and diminishing ERβ immunoreactivity (white arrow, Fig.
Although flat and monotonous sandy desert in the north, it rises in ranges of sandstone peaks in the south creating a strong contrast with the azure blue of the surrounding seas.
In general, sequences that show a better match to the consensus sequences, indicated by a higher calculated score, are considered to be 'strong', as specificity of the splicing reaction is mediated in part by RNA-RNA interactions between these sequences and snRNA molecules.
Because standard economic theory automatically predisposes those who believe in it to favor strong environmental protection.
The Papal Apartments are a strong contrast to the dungeons, both open to the public, where philosopher and monk Giordano Bruno and sculptor-goldsmith Benvenuto Cellini were once imprisoned.
This weekend, Time reported that Al Gore's campaign has been paying Wolf, a feminist author, $15,000 a month (recently reduced to $5,000) to transform Gore from a weak "beta" male into a strong "alpha" male.
This approach has a strong biological and experimental rationale: proteins used in the same signaling network must exist simultaneously with its activation.
For example, a girl can inherit her mother's weak nose and her father's strong brow.
The strong correlations between tissue features and genes allowed for the prediction of the tissue metrics from the gene dataset but not the genes from the tissue-feature data; note that this is due to the fact that it is easier to predict 11 tissue metrics from 1,040 genes than vice versa.
The staining intensity was categorically coded as 0 (absent), 1 (weak), 2 (moderate), or 3 (strong).
However, there is no strong evidence that he ever lived here.
The NYT and the Los Angeles Times front ebullient reactions-- from the stock market, the bond market, and economists cheering in the bleachers-- to the Labor Department's announcement of February's strong job growth and low inflation.
Special justice means that the strong always triumph, it added, and to this there was only one solution: "The same court for everyone, which would be a revolution in our judicial customs."
Ecologic studies, based on US census data, have demonstrated a strong inverse relationship between median household income and hospitalization rates for asthma [ 4, 5, 6, 15, 16].
SLC/CCL21, normally expressed in high endothelial venules and in T cell zones of spleen and lymph nodes, strongly attracts T cells and dendritic cells (DC) [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ] . SLC/CCL21 recruits both naïve lymphocytes and antigen stimulated DC into T cell zones of secondary lymphoid organs, co-localizing these early immune response constituents that culminate in cognate T cell activation [ 1 ] . The capacity to facilitate the co-localization of both DC and T cells forms a strong rationale for the use of SLC/CCL21 in cancer therapy.
TV program The 700 Club that "in Scotland you can't believe how strong the homosexuals are.
Canada has universal health care, low inflation, low interest rates, and strong economic growth.
Fear of loss of control and dignity, abandonment, being a burden, and physical suffering can be so strong that patients desire hastened death.
Also, nearly half still believed that SP was too strong for chldren.
Getting back to strong language, the writer of two U.K. soap operas, Grange Hill and Brookside, defended its use on the grounds of realism, though it was pointed out that the audience for the latter had fallen from 4.5 million to 500,000 because of its language.
A strong band is detected as MAdCAM-1 transcript after stimulated with TNF-α (20 ng/ml) for 12 h.
THE GIRL SCOUT LAW I will do my best to be Honest, and fair, Friendly and helpful, Considerate and caring, Courageous and strong, and Responsible for what I say and do, and to Respect myself and others Respect authority Use resources wisely, Make the world a better place, and Be a sister to every Girl Scout.
The book is called "Clinton: A President of Strong Drives."
AG (from under the covers): What I hear you saying is that anyone who talks about how important it is for families to stay together and be strong ought to also be supportive of families in this situation.
The appropriation has been sustained, and with strong support from the state IOLTA program, a private bar campaign and aggressive grant seeking, the programs have increased their advocacy staff by over 40%.
In addition, strong ERα expression was associated with normal placentae (PT1 and PT2), suggesting that in these term pregnancies ERα+ cytotrophoblast cells contribute to syncytium differentiation.
The LAT also stresses "wide speculation" that Wilson's move was personal because it could benefit his presidential bid by giving him a strong showing early on.
Strong ERβ immunoreactivity of EVT (positive control) is shown in panel G and a lack of immunoreactivity on a parallel section incubated with peptide-absorbed ERβ antibody (PA/ERβ) is shown in panel H. Except in panel D, no nuclear counterstain was utilized.
We also occasionally detected symmetric division of CT resulting in two parental cells with strong nuclear ERα staining (Fig.
According to La Repubblica of Rome, the president of the German Bishops' Conference, Karl Lehmann, reportedly told a German radio station: "The church needs a strong man to lead it.
News Quiz participants found common ground in their loathing for professional scold William Bennett--his perpetual disapproval, his sanctimonious speechifying, his humorless yelping, the way the sunlight turns his hair into an auburn cascade, the kooky little songs he sings in the shower, his tousled amorous look first thing in the morning, the way his knowing hands, so strong yet so gentle ...
Subsequently, the senior executive set an expectation in his fiscal year 2002 individual performance plan to ensure that the field office has a strong recruitment program to attract viable candidates.
Unlike Christianity’s massive gothic cathedrals, designed to convey a strong sense of permanence, this austere wooden structure is dismantled every 20 years and replaced by a new one.
That a given RSS position can be both highly variable and exhibit strong effects on signal efficiency appears contradictory.
The cryptic exon 7 splice site used, CCT GTGAGT, is a strong match to the C/A,AG GT,A/G,AGT splice donor consensus.
A writer with a strong and original voice will always influence lesser talents: Imitation is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius.
If the data demonstrate rhythmicity, it is important to specify numerically how "strong" the rhythmicity may be.
The data in this report demonstrate, for the first time, a strong concordance between the effect of mismatches in probes attached to a three dimensional matrix of a microarray and solution-based, thermodynamic duplex melting studies.
Furthermore, this isolation led to the development of a strong independent streak for both colonists and indigenous peoples.
Finally, the responses to citric and nicotinic acids demonstrated very similar response profiles in the two nerves with sharp onset and strong tonic responses over the stimulation.
To test for the possibility that long branch attraction [ 48 ] might be the reason for the strong support of Halobacterium sp. grouping with Synechocystis sp., we repeated the analysis replacing the Halobacterium sp. genome with that from Archaeoglobus fulgidus , another archaeon.
The paper said, "Tensions have been stirred by the Vatican's strong and unhelpful denunciation of the Israeli authorities and by the decision of the Christian clergy to make a stand as a way of recapturing dwindling influence.
The strong color and buoyant presence of this ornate dress command our attention; the dress has no mustiness at all.
Initial analyses [ 22] suggested that women with germline mutations in the BRCA1 gene and a strong family history of breast or ovarian cancer have 85 and 44% lifetime risks of developing breast and ovarian cancer, respectively.
Everybody knows that sufficiently strong increasing returns can cause discontinuous change, with markets exploding when they reach a "critical mass," that small events can have big effects when a market is near a "tipping point," that economic choices (like VHS vs.
Reductions in its resource levels, combined with increases and shifts in its workload have in recent years prompted GAO to take strong measures to more efficiently accomplish its mission.
That strong, Brandoesque jaw gives her a pugilistic cast--laugh at her and she'd slug you.
First, there are very strong arguments to say that there can be no general law for open thermodynamic systems.
(Long and strong, quite a dip in the middle: Not only is it misty, but the sea is making too!)
To appeal to NIDA, he said, the referral aspect of the research should be strong because of their focus on treatment.
You may also hear a man perform the same sort of ballad with a strong, husky voice.
So for serious economists the real questions about NAFTA involved microeconomic issues such as efficiency and income distribution--and efficiency concerns, at any rate, offered a strong case in favor of free trade.
This is not only because the country is now bombarded with English language TV programs on various European channels, but also because western pop culture has taken such a strong hold among the young.
Government is truly in the hands of a Prime Minister and his cabinet selected from among the parliament’s Senate of 322 members and more powerful 630-strong Chamber of Deputies.
The famous coziness among politicians, bureaucrats, and private companies, together with the strong cultural emphasis on relationship-building and a lack of transparency and accountability, eventually led to corrupt practices of endemic proportions.
Individual and corporate donations remain strong, but so far no large organization has stepped forward with a big challenge grant, as has happened in each of the past three years.
Rather than giving her sister's children to Social Services - to strangers - Wanda chose to take on the responsibility of raising them herself, knowing full well that the likelihood of her sister coming back into the picture as a fulltime mother was not a strong one, at all.
All known targets, except Pelosi, did vote for MFN and had been strong MFN supporters all along.
Jamaica is an island with a strong personality that doesn’t simply wait in the wings.
The occurrence of this problem at three very different sites is strong evidence that compatible and adequate communications among public safety organizations at the local, state, and federal levels remains an important problem.
If they're strong, hold on to the stock.
Below the x -axis, where the marker SNP gives an apparently protective effect, the correlation is not as strong ( r = -0.
Larger data sets with more power likely are needed in order to find strong evidence for linkage.
In sum, there is strong evidence that Iran facilitated the transit of al Qaeda members into and out of Afghanistan before 9/11, and that some of these were future 9/11 hijackers.
The 10-year Texas House veteran has a strong track record on the issue: Not only did he make it his priority during his tenure in the Legislature and through 12 years as a school-board member before that, but he has also identified it as a key issue in the second round of campaigning ahead of the runoff.
Bush's campaign is especially strong because it is very aware of how out of touch social conservatism is in the 1990's.
He takes strong, uncompromising positions that leave him curiously unaccountable.

"His presence [in Seattle], and his efforts to clinch China's WTO entry, suggest he has a strong personal commitment to the global trade system," the FT said in an editorial.
As occurs typically, the predictive power is not as high in a cross-validation as in the original model development ( C = 0.83 in the Silber model), but the cross-validation C -statistic is strong evidence for the usefulness of the model.
The strength of this association would require that unknown or unmeasured confounders have very strong effects [ 28 ] , which is unlikely given that adjustment for the likely confounders did not change our results.
A strong stimulation was obtained at 6 mM ATP concentration.
If genes with a mean intensity expression level of less than 1000 are removed from the analysis (top five rows, Table 2), and the array fold changes of the remaining 19 genes are plotted against the slot blot fold changes, a very strong correlation is evident (linear regression r 2= 0.8567) (Figure 2E).
So the strong tendency of Democrats and Republicans to see Flytrap differently is especially impressive.
Since both pledge to continue Germany's strong social programs, support the introduction of the euro, and implement tax reform, the election may come down to German voters' personal opinions of Kohl.
Strains transformed with pJC8, pJC3, and pJC4 showed strong ALM migration defects but strains transformed with plasmids pPD118.
This had strong and immediate effects, loosening the loyalties of senior officers to their separate services and causing them to think more broadly about the military establishment as a whole.
This GPCR-mediated regulation of ion channels also depends on the coordination and parallel regulation of protein tyrosine kinase and protein tyrosine phosphatase activities [ 24 ] . GPCRs can also interact with the growing family of PDZ domain-containing proteins [ 25 ] . All of these relationships are reflected in our study by the strong correlation between 7 transmembrane receptors (rhodopsin family) (PF00001), protein kinases (PF00069), protein tyrosine phosphatases (PF00102), ion transport proteins (PF00520), and PDZ domain proteins (PF00595).
At various times in various cities, war or peace ruled as themes, women were seen as strong or as fragile, colors were to be bright or dun.
Instead they mean to suggest, with self-respecting reticence, the idea of a strong but adaptable order in things.
One warning to swimmers farther north, however — at the resort village of Carmel-by-the-Sea and up past San Francisco, the beaches are fine for sunbathing, but strong undercurrents make the sea too dangerous for swimming.
Many legal-aid organizations have a strong mission but lack a long-term plan, said Pat Stankard, client services manager at Gardner, Carton & Douglas and former treasurer of the LMA.
Or perhaps it was the strong Celtic-Druid emphasis on oral transmission that led to the situation at the beginning of this century that while Scotland had over 230,000 who spoke Gaelic (many of whom, however, also spoke English), the majority was technically illiterate in Gaelic, being unable to read or write in their own tongue.
As the sixth Bond, Pierce Brosnan is said to be debonair but not strong enough to overcome the film's clichés.
The most likely element is iron, which is thought to represent a major fraction of the Martian soil matrix [ 12 13 ] . Iron has a set of oxidation states between +2 and +6, with the higher oxidation states being very strong oxidants.
Strong genetic differences among dog breeds are not just the result of natural selection.
Therefore hunting dogs bathed with this plant would recognise the smell of the agouti, which would carry traces of the strong smell of Piper marginatum .
The Human Relations Commission was very important in the history of race relations in the city in the 1950s and 1960s, although it was a group without strong enforcement abilities.
In that study, anesthesia had a minor effect on blood pressure during the first 15 minutes following injection but a strong hypotensive effect between 15 and 30 minutes that continued for more than an hour [ 35 ] . In contrast, intraperitoneally administered ketamine (100 mg/kg) was shown to rapidly decrease IOP in a different rat study [ 36 ] . IOP decreased significantly between a conscious measurement and the first possible measurement under anesthesia (defined as time 0).
Although one commissioner, former French Prime Minister Edith Cresson, was singled out for particularly strong criticism, commission President Jacques Santer said the body chose "by unanimity to resign collectively."
It provides a strong foundation in all the large knowledge domains of humankind and in analytic thinking skills, a bit more choice to explore the ideas and fields introduced in students' first two years, and a series of courses taught by full faculty in a small, focused discussion style that has long been Chicago's hallmark.
There is often a strong smell from the oil pumps on the resort’s outskirts.
A strong governor also appoints most of the members of his Cabinet and can serve multiple terms.
Together we can build strong kids, strong families and a strong community.
Pregnancy aside, what Madonna has that Evita didn't is visible muscles and strong shoulders.
As a result, there have been strong religious, cultural, and administrative barriers to monitoring charitable spending.
There is a strong pronephric bend.
Strong performances are credited: Geoffrey Rush uses the prosecutor Javert as a portrait of zealotry, and Liam Neeson makes the prisoner Valjean, a character without a "recognizable human flaw," seem complex (Jay Carr, the Boston Globe ). Others praise the film's slow European pace as an antidote to Hollywood's manic style.
Perhaps the most curious thing about advertising today, in fact, is that agencies that spend all their time helping companies build strong brand names and distinct corporate identities have a very difficult time building brand names for themselves.
As to the bottoms winding up on top, as a self-contained composer/lyricist Porter knew enough to let a good strong lyric-thrust set itself.
D86K had an interesting assembly property, in that it showed a strong tendency to assemble into tubes.
It was as if he had been struck by a hail of red Kryptonite and instantly become the Bizarro candidate, immensely strong, yet unable to prevail against the backward-beating current.
The co-occurrence of the HNOB and the HNOBA domains in either the same protein or proteins encoded by the same operon suggests a strong functional interaction between them.
Tracqui, even in rejecting the utility of quantitative compliance monitoring in this context, notes that a number of studies reported significant strong correlation between dose and assay outcomes for a number of different compounds, with Pearson's r ranging from .772 to .868.
Strong currently serves as an adviser to the U.N. secretary-general, an adviser to the World Bank president, and presided over the 1992 Earth Summit as its secretary-general.
The "make love, not war" sentiment is strong on The
For one-stop partying among those interested more in convenience than quality, the Poble Espanyol features jazz clubs, flamenco performances, big-bands, theater, bars, and discos going strong until 4am.
Among the dissenters: Novak thinks cocaine use is "an irrelevant question in politics," and O'Beirne and Williams say it won't matter because Bush's lead is too strong.
Newsweek explains the Titanic phenomenon: Women love Leonardo di Caprio and the strong, liberated heroine; guys like the action and the idea of gentlemen going down with the ship.
Now you must be a strong friend.
On the one hand, there exists a certain urgency to move rapidly in order to remedy known problems relating to intelligence and information sharing and leveraging like activities that have in the past and even today prevent the United States from exercising as strong a homeland defense as
It has been proposed that loss of hERα expression in breast tumors is the result of aberrant RNA processing [ 40 41 42 43 ] . These aberrantly spliced mRNAs, if translated, could lead to truncated receptors with hormone binding but not DNA binding function [ 44 ] . Further, there is evidence for the role of RNA processing in oncogenesis [ 45 46 ] . Many studies, including those on human hnRNP A2/B1 and the CD44 gene, suggest that high fidelity pre-mRNA splicing is critical to normal cellular function and may play a key role in oncogenesis and breast cancer progression [ 47 48 ] . The strong association between nmt55/p54 nrband hERα expression indicates that nmt55/p54 nrbmay be an important marker for breast cancer progression.
This interaction is not well conserved and is missing from some introns classified into the following structural categories: bacterial classes B (B2-like intron structure), C (novel hybrid) and D (unusual B-like) [ 13 ] . However, this region may be involved in protein interactions, based on strong protein protections observed in this region [ 14 ] . Strong protein protections are also observed in the Id4 terminal purine-rich loop.
The DBD and DBD + 154-257 derivatives of C/EBPα were constructed by replacing, respectively, the amino terminal 257 amino acids of C/EBPα-GFP (to the SgrAI site of C/EBPα) and the amino terminal 153 amino acids of C/EBPα-GFP (to the NotI site of C/EBPα) with oligonucleotides containing a strong Kozak sequence.
The area has strong trading links with South and Central America and the Caribbean.
Bush outlined his "core, conservative principles"--"limited government," "low taxes," "free and fair trade," "local control of schools," "strong families," and "personal responsibility."
Leaning forward, with her hand shielding the strong sunlight from her eyes, she was looking, Arthur thought, particularly beautiful and poised.
The topographical highlight of the Arrábida peninsula is undoubtedly the Serra da Arrábida (site of a nature reserve), a mountain chain around 35 km (22 miles) long which protects the coast from the strong north winds and accounts for the Mediterranean vegetation.
While welfare reform and a strong economy have gotten many adults off the dole, welfare kids seem to present a reform-proof demographic.
Both peptides, along with the dermorphin and the deltorphin II also isolated from amphibian skin, possess an unique feature among peptides synthesized by animal cells in having a D-amino acid residue, providing a very strong resistance to enzymatic degradation to these ligands.
However, only 60% favoured restricting the use of broad-spectrum antibiotics [ 25 ] . Also it has been found that the public health concern of contributing to the problem of antibiotic resistance does not exert a strong impact on physician prescribing decisions for community acquired pneumonia.
p35 showed a strong DNA binding affinity towards ACS like elements.
Optimal properties of an STRP include: high heterozygosity, strong and specific PCR amplification, capability to be amplified simultaneously with other STRPs (multiplexed), sharp bands on gels, easy and accurate scoring of allele sizes, relatively low mutation rate, and appropriate position along the genetic map.
El Mundo said the arrest has "strong symbolic weight" and that "treating the decrepit tyrant as a common criminal and forcing him to explain his actions in the face of international justice is a lesson not just for him but for all others of his ilk around the world."
Rosenthal did in an unusually good column a few days after Safire's, that Clinton's version of events doesn't add up, and that there are strong grounds for suspicion about the serendipitous help Hubbell got.
They need to sell the case that our colossal wage inequality is not a fact of nature; that a progressive labor movement can make our workplaces more decent and more productive; and that strong unions can leverage gains not only for their members but for the broader society.
The Viking invasion of the eighth and ninth centuries gave a strong practical bias to the earlier existing Celtic culture, and many Norse words remain in the dialect.
Let's turn to "instrumentalization"--a word which appears to carry a strong negative charge for you.
Strong notices for the British novelist and playwright's latest, a story that "engagingly combines a comedy of manners with elements of farce and art-historical detective story" (Matt Seaton, the New York Times ). The main character, a philosophy professor, stumbles on what he believes to be a lost Bruegel painting and becomes obsessed with both obtaining it and determining whether it is genuine.
Strong second: Ford's unexpectedly flammable Pinto.
Political Washington is desperate for a Democratic horse race, but a horse race can only happen if Bradley is perceived to be strong, and he will only be perceived to be strong if everyone says he is.
After explaining that continued strong economic growth might vaporize the problem, Bradley tried to cast Gore as a small-minded inside-the-Beltway character for dwelling on the point.
To ask whether LRP6 can replace the requirement for endogenous Arr in the synergy between Wg and DFz2, as observed earlier in Figure 2B, we again used Arr-specific dsRNAi to try to block the strong activation of signaling by Wg plus DFz2, in the presence and absence of the LRP6 constructs (Figure 5C).
If the main spring of the lock is sufficiently strong, the blow received by the percussion cap can set it off and the firearm discharges unexpectedly.
You're right, Maxim's strong point is that it's totally unsentimental and ungenteel.
A strong WTO will block a lot of measures that hurt the U.S. economy in the long run, if it is allowed to gain strength and authority.
The calculated scores demonstrate that deletions or insertions sometimes occur at strong cryptic splice sites (e.g.
(How strong is that acoustic tile, anyway?)
"Since yesterday there has been a strong temptation to say that they are dead and not worth talking about any more."
We think it's pretty darn cool (a technical software industry term, used to imply strong feelings of affirmation), and hope you will as well.
The β-actin RT-PCR served as positive control and gave strong signals in all cases, indicating that both RNA preparation and cDNA synthesis were successful.
To further exclude bacterial contamination we have closely examined cases where strong amino-acid homology to prokaryotic genes is observed (see Horizontal gene transfer candidates).
It's thrilling to have such a strong impact on the community.
Strong central government under a High Commissioner left considerable powers in the hands of the States’ Malay rulers.

Secretary of State Madeleine Albright told us, "We did not have a strong hand to play with the Pakistanis.
Newsweek supplies their motive--"Many senators despise [McCain] … for his crusade in favor of campaign-finance reform"--and McCain's campaign manager affirms that they're out to stop him because "John's shaken up the establishment by talking about strong conservative reform."
Despite the absence of a strong difference in age at menarche between cases and controls in this group, those women who developed breast cancer had relatively later menopause, indicating a greater number of years of active menstruation.
Sam Nunn's state, are equally strong on defense.
Its strategy is faulty: Member countries are reluctant, Serbia is strong militarily, and NATO has forsworn the use of ground troops.
In each case, the cognitive score was found to be a strong predictor of dependence.
The wind whistles with great force in Fuerteventura and may even have given the island its name, a corruption and inversion of el viento fuerte (the strong wind).
This may bepreventing it from over-fitting the way that the BPNN has done.Secondly, it is possible that the strong signal of the correct solutionin the simulated data caused the GP to quickly pick up that signal,and propagate trees with components of that model in the population.Because we have mutation set to 0%, there is never a large changeto the trees to lead them to explore in the other areas of the searchspace.
The carp’s ability to struggle upstream against a strong current is regarded as a fit model for Japanese boys.
The Romans cultivated grapes, wheat, and olives; built roads; and bequeathed the Latin foundations of the Portuguese language and a strong base of Christian belief.
Finally, we ask if the redundancy of sites inside modules is strong enough to predict modules using only genomic sequence.
We are strong people, he told me.
Instead, it was Procera, a system originally developed for industrial production of titanium crowns that become the CADCAM system of choice during the late 80 thand the early 90 th [ 6 7 ] . Procera did not become popular because of its titanium crowns but rather for its all-ceramic crowns [ 8 ] . These crowns consisted of Al 2 O 3 copings [ 8 ] with good fit and high strength on which dental ceramics were fired to produce strong and aesthetically appealing all-ceramic crowns.
At the Constitutional Convention, the founders sought to create a strong executive but check its powers.
Then at P 2000 h, there was strong BMPR-IB expression in both the TE and in groups of endothelial cells scattered throughout the luteolytic CL-I (Fig.
The pretreatment resulted in a strong constriction of the neck region of plasmodesmata [ 38].
After Currie's lawyer issued this statement, Clinton himself employed the Strong/Weak trick to great effect, saying he was "pleased that Ms. Currie's lawyers stated unambiguously this morning--unambiguously--that she's not aware of any unethical conduct."
Meanwhile, the LAT 's front-page poll detects strong leads for Bush and Gore in the Iowa caucuses.
How strong is the nation's economy?
Strong labeling was also seen at the plasma membrane-cytoskeleton (see fig.
Both chronic and acute manifestations of comorbid illness were strong, independent predictors of influenza/ILI-related complications and hospitalizations.
Marshals Service, almost 4,000 strong on 9/11 and especially expert in tracking fugitives, with much local police knowledge.
As a former donor, you may know that the IRT has enjoyed a strong start to our season-and we thank you for your interest and support.
Had it remained a traditional book, there would have been a strong case for listing separately the hundreds of names that consist of a personal name and common place-name element.
Informed outlets had better knowledge of important concepts, such as that SP is not too strong for children and that SP can be sold in shops.
reported a strong positive 580-nm transient absorbance increase in suspensions of membranes prepared from E. coli expressing pR [ 1 ] . This positive absorbance difference is indicative of O intermediate formation.
In the ab initio category, there is no strong dependence on database information and prediction methods are based on general principles that govern protein structure and energetics [ 9 10 11 12 13 ] . The categories vary in difficulty, and consequently methods in each of these categories produce models with different levels of accuracy relative to the experimental structures.
However, strong international pressure forced Israel to withdraw — with Egypt reclaiming the Sinai and a UN force installed in the Gaza Strip.
If the WTO proves powerless in its first big case, all will observe that its rules are only binding when the strong wish them to be.
But the papers don't note that Cohen has strong personal reasons to encourage bullishness--namely, Goldman Sachs is about to go public.
A successful community based cancer educational programs require several components: educational programs, appropriate training, outreach individuals, strong relationships with the public and private medical providers and navigational services.
"Certain outside powers" that do not want to see a strong Yemen are using Yemeni tribes and extremist groups in the country to sabotage its modernization drive, the paper said.
Because of dosage compensation, GAL4 levels in males ( MS1096/Y ) are twice those in heterozygous females ( MS1096/+ ). In males ( MS1096/Y;UAS-mCul1/+ ), mCul1 overexpression led to a strong reduction in the size of the wing without any gross patterning defects (fig.
PBS returns to form with a strong Great Performances program on the late Alvin Ailey, who brought black soul to modern dance ( Wednesday , 10 p.m.).
In order to ensure that annual fund performance appears strong, managers may engage in "profit taking," or selling stocks that have increased in value.
This result provides strong support for the hypothesis that Euascomycetes spliceosomal introns are fixed in a proto-splice site that pre-dates intron insertion.
But there is usually a strong commercial aspect to the celebrations.
Very strong expression of all six LHR variants was detected in the fallopian tube (FT; lane 7), which is the site of first contact with the developing embryo secreting CG, a signal required for CL preservation.
Protein-protein interactions form scale-free networks, which show the characteristic power-law distribution of the node degrees; simply put, there is a small number of highly connected proteins (hubs), whereas the majority have a small number of partners (the most abundant class are proteins that are involved in just one interaction) [ 13 14 ] . Scale-free networks are highly tolerant to error (elimination of nodes at random) but are vulnerable to attack, i.e. elimination of the hubs [ 15 ] and, indeed, it has been found that the most highly connected proteins in yeast interaction networks tend to be essential [ 13 ] . This might explain the present findings, namely that a small number of yeast protein-protein interaction hubs evolve slowly due to strong purifying selection, whereas, for the great majority of the proteins, there is no discernible connection between the number of interactions and evolutionary rates.
These elements are (1) a demonstrated leadership commitment and accountability for change; (2) the integration of management improvement initiatives into programmatic decisionmaking; (3) thoughtful and rigorous planning to guide decisions, particularly to address human capital and information technology issues; (4) employee involvement to elicit ideas and build commitment and accountability; (5) organizational alignment to streamline operations and clarify accountability; and (6) strong and continuing congressional involvement.
Accordingly, when strong computational predictions seem not to be borne out by experiment, the conditions and design of the experiments deserve special scrutiny: they might have given a negative result for a wrong reason.
OK, maybe political commentary is not a celebrity strong suit.

Wouldn't you have at least a slight suspicion that this version of events might be a bit, well, self-serving--a suspicion strong enough to send you to a college library to see whether the facts check out?
In this study, we demonstrated a very strong correlation between β, which governs the net direction of epistasis, and the mean change in neutrality per added mutation away from the reference sequence, m (Fig.
An unexpected feature was the strong ERα expression of cultured trophoblast cells derived from placentae deficient in ERα expression in vivo.
Even though Mies van der Rohe and Philip Johnson's landmark building has inspired a host of ugly imitations (including the Martin Luther King Memorial Library in Washington, D.C.--also designed by Mies--which essentially is the Seagram Building knocked on its side), Chatterbox has a strong attachment to the Seagram Building.
Strong acids and volatile organic solvents employed in glassware cleaning must be used in a fume hood or under an exhaust canopy over the work area.
The results show a very strong statistical bias in favor of genes governed disproportionately by canalyzing Boolean functions.
As strong as a family, a strong job.
The only survivor known to have escaped from the heart of the impact zone described the 81st floor-where the wing of the plane had sliced through his office-as a "demolition" site in which everything was "broken up" and the smell of jet fuel was so strong that it was almost impossible to breathe.
The plot is said to be sinuous and suspenseful, and Mamet is credited with eliciting an uncharacteristically strong performance from Steve Martin.
The C-terminus strong conservation leads to the assumption that all the related genes derive by duplication events from a common ancestor, but the identity of this ancestral gene and the date of expansion can only be hypothesized.
Richelieu’s major achievement was the greater centralization of royal power, laying the foundations of the strong sense of national identity that has characterized France ever since.
Before these hard-working family men went home from work, they liked to drink strong alcohol in the company of actresses and prostitutes.
Among the thirteen isolated Smad1 interactors, only clones 13, 17, 19 and 21 bind Smad2, whereas only clones 1, 17 and 21 exhibit strong interaction with Smad3.
The results from these scenarios imply a strong national commitment, one that is successful in developing the programs and policies necessary to achieve the level of emission reductions described within the report.
According to Division Chief for Lower Manhattan Peter Hayden, "We had a very strong sense we would lose firefighters and that we were in deep trouble, but we had estimates of 25,000 to 50,000 civilians, and we had to try to rescue them."
These findings lend strong support to the view that fenfluramine and dexfenfluramine are potent causal factors in the development of both aortic and mitral valvular heart disease.
Use of the designbuild approach for project delivery is growing dramatically in both public and private organizations; NAVFAC, GSA, and USPS have become particularly strong proponents of this approach, but not without controversy.
Additionally, the Acid Rain cap and trade program is administered with a relatively small staff relying on strong, state-of-the-art data tracking and reporting capabilities.
Strong words for a man whose institution not long ago devoted a heavily promoted show to the designs of Gianni Versace featuring such culturally important artifacts as the famous safety-pin-adorned dress worn by Elizabeth Hurley to, I believe, the premiere of Four Weddings and a Funeral .
Strong economy, strong communities, strong families.
But don't let it stop us from having a strong will and a strong arm when it comes to what Putin and Yeltsin are doing in Chechnya, or it will encourage them to do it again somewhere else.

The CIA's briefing slides said that their "preliminary judgment" was that Bin Ladin's al Qaeda group "supported the attack" on the Cole, based on strong circumstantial evidence tying key perpetrators of the attack to al Qaeda.
Straw hats, which will protect you from the strong sun and save you from a wrinkle or two, are abundant and inexpensive.
Mature CL showed strong surface LHR immunoreactivity of luteal cells (Fig.
[ 21 ] have shown that there is a strong degree of concordance between the report of mother and the report of daughter about foods consumed during this age period, although others have shown that recall of diet from the distant past is imprecise [ 22 ] . However, in the absence of dietary data actually collected during adolescence, recall of high school diet provides the best estimate of possible relationships between diet during adolescence and the risk of breast cancer.
Since LOCF requires the strong assumption of stability, the more it imputes the more bias it introduces if the assumption of stability does not hold.
On Saturday (8 p.m.), HBO airs Steven Spielberg's uneven slave-revolt drama, Amistad , with strong performances by Anthony Hopkins, Morgan Freeman, and newcomer Djimon Hounsou as the noble Cinque, who recently guest-starred on ER as a noble Nigerian torture victim who becomes . . . a janitor.
This agenda's main political imperative is a strong government that can implement the program quickly.
Multiple clones with the same 5' end provided strong validation that these were truly representative of alternative transcription initiation sites or repeatable artifacts of the cloning process.
Gigot believes this may make no difference, since "[I]t doesn't matter how corrupt you think the messenger is, or how partisan, if the case [presented to Congress] is strong itself."
The WSJ's Work Week column features the headline "Hispanic workers show strong dedication to their jobs."
The corporate need to understand the burgeoning consumer market, a more general faith in the value of expert advice, and the demands of an unprecedentedly strong economy created a market for firms like Booz Allen and McKinsey.
The paper also reported strong speculation that German Defense Minister Rudolf Scharping will be the next secretary-general of NATO, succeeding Spaniard Javier Solana, who is expected to be appointed this week as the first foreign policy supremo of the European Union.
The ocular phenotypes of Bmp4 mutant mice show that BMP4 is a strong candidate to contribute to Axenfeld-Rieger anomaly and other developmental conditions associated with human glaucoma.
A strong, viable Securities and Exchange Commission is needed to maintain investor confidence.
And a majority, 54 percent, expressed strong or moderate support for the use of ground troops to end the conflict (83 percent supported sending soldiers to rescue any U.S. prisoners of war).
The leading organizations we studied made financial management improvement an entitywide priority by building a foundation of control and accountability that supports external reporting and performance management, providing clear strong executive leadership, and using training to change the organizational culture and engage line management.
Although it has nothing to do with subjunctives, I cannot resist the temptation to reproduce the following sentence from an article by Sir Roy Strong, presumed aesthete and literatus, yet evidently victim of the universal virus that afflicts many users of English when they scent the proximity of like :
The Enquirer also leaves the strong impression the report is being written by Judith Krantz, with dialogue such as:
Strong reviews and boffo B.O.
However, security specialists played a strong educational and advisory role and had the ability to elevate discussions to higher management levels when they believed that risks were not being adequately addressed.
In Figure 5we show typical scatterplots with increasing levels of overall differential regulation, from duplicates to strong regulation (going from left to right).
I think "buy" still means "buy," but then some houses use "strong buy," so who knows?
Therefore the 35 kDa protein has a strong affinity to bind to A, B1 and B2 boxes of the ARS consensus sequences.
For instance the Marlboro Man is viewed as a macho man, strong and independent as he rides his horse herding cattle.
When families live together for generations in the same town and valley, especially when these communities have been forced to pull together in times of hardship, a strong feeling of community is created, as has been the case throughout the history of this rugged territory.
This has happened recently; the strong economy and booming stock market have produced big gains in income and, hence, in income taxes.
Segodnya pointed out that the 3,600-strong Russian presence in Kosovo--along with its 1,200-member contingent in Bosnia--will cost about $500 million per year--for which "there is no money" in the 1999 budget.
None of these criteria alone could be an adequate test of equality unless it was accompanied by a theory that explained why that factor, and that factor alone, was sufficient to generate the strong sense of human equality.
I craved strong sweets, but thoseSeemed strong when I was young;The petal of the roseIt was that stung.
In the 16th century, a strong city wall — now almost completely destroyed — protected the population.
Strong conservation of the sequences upstream and downstream from the repeats allowed the design of very specific primers that generate extremely reproducible results.
A body feels fortified and strong after such a meal.
When the year 2000 arrives, he concluded, "the most beautiful and happiest old people, pill or no pill, will be those like Peck, proud, aware, and strong in their imperfect human reality."
The strong correlation in the array and solution data in Figure 1Bdemonstrate that the mismatches at the 3' end of the oligodeoxyribonucleotide did not destabilize the duplex significantly, explaining the lack of a decrease in the signal intensity of these mismatches compared to the perfect match.
Russian analysts said the results reflected popular support for the Chechen war, strong leadership, and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin.
They looked through several years' worth of issues of the top economics journals and found 78 hypotheses that were confirmed by strong evidence--the sort of evidence that led the authors to accept their own hypotheses.
The long period of strong economic performance has been accompanied by economic prosperity.
If so, it is possible that trpAa • trpAb fusions occurred as a number of independent events, followed by strong convergence.
In Celebrity , the protagonist peddles a script about "an armored car robbery, but with a strong personal crisis."
Because our commitment to professional quality productions and strong educational outreach across the state requires strong community support.
Your gift today of $25, $50, $125, $250 or more will help keep our Red Shield a strong, reputable symbol of hope -- for those we assist, as well as for those who are watching!
Coming to power in the year 1966 after the brief ministry of Lal Bahadur Shastri, Indira Gandhi proved strong enough in her own right for people to stop describing her as Nehru’s daughter or as “not related to Mahatma Gandhi. ”
It has since established various safety nets to prevent a repeat of that crisis, but some observers doubt whether those nets are really strong enough.
The connection between dietary and lifestyle habits with chronic diseases has become increasingly strong in the past several years.
The WP 's Howard Kurtz reports that a forthcoming book on Al Gore says that after he had three daughters, he became a devotee of the book "How to Choose the Sex of Your Baby," and subsequently fathered a son after following the book's dictates, which included drinking strong caffeinated coffee before sex.
As for the English word forte `strength,' it is not the feminine form of the French adjective fort `strong' but an English “feminization” of the French noun fort `strength.
The results of life-detection experiments performed almost three decades ago on Mars by the Viking lander have long been subject to controversy [ 1 2 3 ] . Many scientists, though certainly not all [ 3 4 ] , have concluded that results of Viking biological experiments can be interpreted as an indication of the presence of strong oxidants in the Martian soil [ 5 6 7 ] , rather than biological activity.
The spectacular East Coast Atlantic beaches can have a strong undertow.
Protein phosphatase 5 (PP5), a newer member of the PPP family, differs from the other Ser/Thr phosphatases in that it contains regulatory and (sub)cellular targeting functions within a single polypeptide [ 5 6 7 ] . While its catalytic core exhibits strong similarity to those of the other members of this family, its N-terminus consists of three tetratricopeptide repeats (TPRs) that are unique to the PP5 class.
A strong band shift was observed (Fig.
Finally, with regard to FSH action, FS has been shown to neutralize the bioactivity of the FSH inhibitor, BMP-15 [ 39 ] . It is possible, therefore, that the strong expression of FS by the DF may serve to modulate BMP-15 action such that sufficient FSH receptors are expressed in the GC to permit the development of a preovulatory follicle.
"Is it not clear that such unrestricted applications of the principles of 'equal opportunity' would in practice mean the veritable economic enslavement of the small states and their subjugation to the rule and arbitrary will of strong and enriched foreign firms, banks, and industrial corporations?
Committed to rebuilding the South, they advocated strong public schools, better roads and railroads, labor reform, and progressive taxation.
A chain-stitch seam is strong and can be produced more quickly than a lockstitch seam.
Similarly, one organization's central group was instrumental in acquiring a strong user authentication system to help ensure that network use could be reliably traced to the individual users.
The impact on a country's economy of the value of its currency is, of course, very complicated, primarily because any country is made up both of consumers, who like it when the currency is strong, making imported goods cheap, and producers, who like it when the currency is weaker, making their exports more affordable.
Both of the Times run strong companion pieces to their hearing coverage.
While no emergency response is flawless, the response to the 9/11 terrorist attack on the Pentagon was mainly a success for three reasons: first, the strong professional relationships and trust established among emergency responders; second, the adoption of the Incident Command System; and third, the pursuit of a regional approach to response.
This result, along with the identification by others of human homologs of NOT proteins, now provides strong evidence for the existence of a human CCR4-NOT complex, with conserved protein-protein interactions.
It has been suggested that sodium channels form dimers or trimers [ 29 30 ] . From the strong cooperativity of Ca 2+channels, it has been proposed [ 31 ] that Ca 2+channels may also aggregate into clusters.
Even in New York, where money matters more, there are (unlike in Washington) strong independent subcultures in which a journalist or college professor or unemployed actor can take comfort in an independent value system.
Kemp : Strong community, strong family.
Similar data have also been presented for Mexico [ 33 ] . The linkage between prelacteal feeds and short duration of exclusive breastfeeding has strong implications.
"The friendship between the two countries is strong indeed.
Binding of antibody to the zona pellucida at a 1:10 dilution was reported by the laboratory on a scale of 0 to 3+ according to the intensity of fluorescence: 0, negative; 1+, weak; 2+ moderate or 3+ strong fluorescence (Figure 1).
His writing and actions make it clear that Martin Luther King Jr. was a strong supporter of what today would be called "affirmative action."
In the short term , however, the effect has been to increase price volatility, especially when analysts issue "strong buy" or "sell" recommendations.
The strong reduction in calcium current modulation by glutamate in the presence of Siah1a was observed with every group I mGluR tested.
Functionally, these cells are no longer capable of activating ERK 1 or 2 in response to 10 ng/ml EGF (Figure), whereas this concentration produces a strong effect in non-pretreated cells.
Correlations between the two thermometer types by site were strong and statistically significant.
Prudie is getting definite vibes that your young man's "parental unit" comes with strong apron strings.
This study provides strong evidence that transfer from longer to shorter photoperiod can have significant effects on body weight, food intake, and the reproductive system even in adult rats.
Strong evidence is, after all, strong evidence, even when it's a little shy of overwhelming.
We found strong, statistically significant associations between vaginal Candida colonization and antibiotic use, lifetime history of chlamydia, diabetes type and HbA 1c level and a borderline significant association with performing oral sex.
"Actually, it's the other way around: it is making choices--right ones--that builds a strong personality."
Whereas in English there are totally different words to express different aspects of speech, the word tok combines with other words to define various kinds of communication: tokaut `speak out,' tok baksait `gossip,' toktok `converse,' tok mama `advise,' tok hait `secret,' tok tru `truth,' tok nogut `foul language,' tok giaman `lying,' tok pait `argue,' tok ples `local language,' tok tasol `idea,' tok nating `nonsense,' tok isi `comfort,' tok pani `joke,' tok strong `emphasize.

To begin with the most obvious option, the Warsaw Zoo (ul. Ratuszowa 1-3, Tel. 619 40 41, <www.warszawa.um .gov.pl./zoo>) has been going strong since 1928.
The national Republican Party reportedly pressured Pataki to do it so there'd be a strong Republican campaign against the probable Democratic contender, Hillary Rodham Clinton.
The strong interest in the evolution of gene duplications stems from the notion that duplication leads to new functions [ 1, 12, 13].
The Greeks, some 50,000 strong, have mostly chosen the area around the Avenue du Parc, east of Outremont, for their cafés and tavernas.
A strong expression of BMP-3b mRNA was seen in some ovaries (Table 1).
A variation is a light breeze, just strong enough to ruffle the water surface.
Current particle physics has united three of the four fundamental forces  the electromagnetic, weak, and strong forces called the “standard model.”
If we in the United States are the good guys more than half (or even half) the time, a strong WTO is in our interest.
Their curiosity pushed them to build vessels that were strong enough to ford the open seas and reach these islands, marking the start of the long legacy of Mediterranean seafaring.
An unexpected finding was that of the strong right paw preference displayed by the rats from the SY and SY/EtOH groups.
"Since independent experts agree that more resources will be necessary to assure Medicare is strong for the future," Gore continued, "my question is, 'What specific measures do you propose to compensate for not dedicating any of the surplus to strengthen the Medicare trust fund?
It's too late for strong GOP candidates to emerge this year, and voter turnout won't be depressed by Clinton's departure.
The New York Times and the Washington Post say that November's strong employment levels occurred despite recent corporate announcements of upcoming job cutbacks.
Across from the park is the Teatro Municipal (Municipal Theater), a miniature Victorian gem that hosts periodic concerts, while opposite the wine lodge is an old Scottish kirk (church), another indicator of the strong British influence on the island’s development.
And while Dunlap seems to harbor no trace of self-doubt, the impulse to quiet these critics must have been fairly strong.
Writing on the editorial page of the Irish Independent of Dublin, Ruth Dudley Edwards, a noted Catholic historian of the Ulster Protestants, was strong in her condemnation of Hume.
The absorbance, A , at 460 nm was read against a blank containing 2.0 mL of HSA stock plus 4.0 μL DMSO, and the [UCB] calculated using the extinction coefficient, ε, 47,000 M -1.cm -1 [ 18 ] . The pH measurement of each final DMSO/aqueous buffer system included an electrode calibration using the strong acid, HClO 4 [ 8 ] . The 0.1 M phosphate buffer in N = 0.31 DMSO was centrifuged because of partial insolubility [ 8 ] and only the supernatant was used.
After the war, sugarcane and pineapple production remained strong for a time, but tourism began its rise to ascendancy.
With his ambition of uniting the states of Brandenburg and Prussia, it was the Great Elector Friedrich Wilhelm (1640–1688) who prepared Berlin to become a strong capital, and fortified it as a garrison town.
There is strong evidence that differing recombination efficiencies of RSS result in the biased utilization of their associated gene segments (reviewed in [ 47, 48]).
4A,4B,4C), an effect that correlated with a strong reduction in cell death in the disc (fig.
They were very young and very slim, 6 feet tall and distinctively beautiful, each wondrously clad in a wide range of strong colors and textures that were cut and fitted or draped and buttoned to mold the body and occasionally expose the bosom or upper thighs.
Strong economy, strong communities, strong families.
Second, it is not possible to distinguish weak ubiquitous staining from strong staining in a small subset of cells using whole-embryo microarray data.
Strong community, strong schools.
The surf here is usually quite rough and with a strong undertow, so it is not recommended for swimming.
Furthermore, our estimates of percent incident cases of AR among exposed were highly correlated with duration of exposure and appeared homogeneous, suggesting a biologically relevant, strong, causal relationship.
12 In order to ensure these Americans are not left out of the justice system, a strong federal role in supporting legal services is vital.
This spectrum shows 51V hyperfine splitting and the center of the parallel transitions from molecules with the V=O bond oriented along the magnetic field (A || , g || ) which are strong enough to tell the nature of VO 2+equatorial ligands [ 22 ] . Of the eight transitions that result from the parallel oriented molecules, the -7/2 || , -5/2 || , +3/2 || , +5/2 || , and +7/2 || transitions (shown in the figures from left to right, respectively) do not overlap with perpendicular transitions.
The president is in a strong enough position now to take his own rhetoric on reforming entitlements (which he added to his address at the last minute) seriously, and to drop leftover junk ideas from the campaign like the Victims Rights Amendment to the Constitution.
Generation," tells us that her "husband" has strong commitments on domestic violence and equal retirement benefits for women.
In the pRSVL74 derived plasmids, the luc gene encoding the very sensitive luciferase reporter is under the control of the strong Rous Sarcoma Virus promoter [ 24].
Bradley says Clinton was wrong to grant clemency to Puerto Rican criminals, and he argues that the apparent success of Clinton's welfare reform is due largely to the strong economy.
For example, anomalies in structural elements (in the new structure diagram) that had strong comparative support in the other sequences could be the result of a bad sequence or due to the misalignment of sequences in the helix region.
Association between APOE gene polymorphism and diabetic nephropathy may be weak or moderate, but not strong.
The anti-GFAP lane shows a strong band at the expected MW, and multiple bands above it as well as minor bands below.
She explained, "I was the strong one that did not say no."
"That's another legacy of the World War II generation, the strong commitment to family values and community," Brokaw writes in another characteristic passage.
But in this case, the story line of the hour--"Judge dismisses Jones case"--was too strong to evade.
However, I should not enter the argument here: all theories have their strong and weak points, and transformational grammar appears to have fewer weak ones.
However, even if this explanation were to be true, the data still indicate that PGM does not have a simple strong effect on longevity.
Although the V80E mutant self-associates weakly under the high pH conditions used for crystallization, we were able to show that the native interface is quite strong.
Exon 1 is located within a strong CpG island, indicating the likely presence of a promoter in this region.
They guessed that they would do better with a "strong executive," a weaker legislative branch, and a restrained judiciary for many years to come.
From miles around, you can see the powerful castle walls and strong keep built by Dom Dinis to fortify the border against Spain.
I am excited about this new program and invite you to join me in building a strong foundation for the project.
In some important ways, Japan today bears a strong resemblance to the United States in that frightening summer of 1982.
On Fox News Sunday , Bill Bradley also voices disagreement with the rule, saying that the Reform Party has a "strong case" that it should be included in the debates, even without 15 percent support.
I am a woman with a "strong personality."
With these estimates, we should have ample power to detect linkage between a marker and a moderately strong susceptibility locus, especially for locus-specific sib risks greater than 3.
If you travel by motorcycle on a windy day, be sure to take extra care as the gusts can be quite strong.
In this experiment, a Wg plasmid activated the luciferase reporter only 12-fold above the vector control; wild-type DFz2 plasmid alone stimulated luciferase levels 7-fold, but neither deletion mutant of DFz2 had any effect, consistent with an earlier report that DFz2 with a truncated carboxyterminus fails to induce the expression of Xnr/Siamois [ 21 ] . However, DFz2ΔC stimulated signaling over 700-fold when delivered in concert with Wg, a synergistic effect nearly as strong as observed with wild type DFz2 (nearly 1700-fold in this experiment).
Second, about 50 much larger regions of the human genome show a strong clustering of highly expressed genes [ 6], which is caused by clustering of genes that are expressed in nearly all tissues [ 7].
Her novels are an archaeology of strong black communities like the ones she and Hurston were born into.
Another recent study addressed the issue of a global tree through phylogenetic analysis of 14 concatenated sets of orthologous proteins, for which no strong evidence of horizontal transfer was available [ 33 ] . Notably, some of the unexpected groupings within the bacterial domain reported in this study coincide or overlap with those described here, namely, a spirochete-chlamydial clade and a Deinococcales-Cyanobacteria clade.
annual basis in DOD, strong incentives exist for the program office to make optimistic assumptions about development cost and schedule.
First, Congress always has a strong orientation toward domestic affairs.
Strong sequence conservation is apparent in the intracellular loops, probably reflecting interactions of ORs with common intracellular partners, such as G olf [ 45].
But don't let it stop us from having a strong will and a strong arm when it comes to what Putin and Yeltsin are doing in Chechnya, or it will encourage them to do it again somewhere else.
This incredibly fast and strong and durable thoroughbred, heroic of stature and stout of heart, was a genetic dead end.
There are also strong indicators that suggest new urban parks have "legs," retaining more of their patrons after the novelty wears off.
Several in vitro and in vivo experimental studies [ 12 13 14 ] have shown that female sex is a strong risk factor for drug-induced long QT interval and cardiac arrhythmias.
We examined the effect of dermenkephalin, a specific δ-opioid agonist, in order to mimic the effect of a strong and constant activation by an agonist, on the distribution of the δ-opioid receptors, in the dorsal horn of the rat spinal cord.
The growth in cruise traffic has been particularly strong.
Organizational cultures will not be transformed, and new visions and ways of doing business will not take root without strong and sustained leadership.
“La Bamba” is considered to be a son jarocho (country folks’ dancing music), an example of the mestizo (mixed-race) musical tradition, with strong African influences, from the state of Veracruz.
Machismo describes a stereotypic image of a Chicano/Latino man who is extraordinarily aggressive, stresses dominance over his wife and family, exhibits physical and sexual prowess, and places strong emphasis on masculine rigidity.
Similarly, in RA samples that possessed neutrophils, immunoreative CXCR1 and CXCR2 was displayed by these cells throughout the subintimal and intimal layers; the staining intensity for CXCR2 was more strong than for CXCR1 (Fig.
In Belize the crushed leaf of Petiveria alliacea is put on the dog's nose to improve its ability to follow a scent [ 109 ] . Kojoroot or Kudjuruk ( Petiveria alliacea ) is considered a charm and a medicine for aches, pain, snakebites and respiratory conditions in Dominica, Bolivia, Columbia, Peru and Eastern Nicaragua [ 16 96 53 108 ] . The plant can stimulate the phagocytosis activity of the reticulo-endothelelial system and has antibacterial effects [ 61 108 ] . The plant contains isoarborinol, isoarborinol-cinnamate and sulphide compounds, which give it a smell of onions or garlic [ 86 50 ] . The strong garlic smell may suggest the various uses of the plant (Doctrine of Signatures), however this aspect was not noted in the meticulous data compiled on Middle America [ 86 ] . It is difficult to assess which medicinal properties of the plant could help in making dogs more alert.
The New York Times leads with the strong showing of a Hindu nationalist party in the Indian parliamentary elections.
Elected to the House in 1992 with strong Christian Coalition support, Inglis out-Gingriches the Gingrichites.
So strong, reports the LAT , that many corporate recruiters are doing something unprecedented: hiring liberal-arts graduates.
However, no matter how strong a training program is, if there are no incentives for practitioners to use the training or the legal restrictions are insurmountable or the health care system is in total chaos and you cannot find who is in charge of the department because somebody has bought out the hospital, you will have difficulty implementing an intervention.
The question grows more curious when you look back at Maslin's career and realize that she once had a strong voice.
Normal mature placentae, placental type 1 (PT1), show strong Thy-1 expression in the villous core, and relatively small lumen of sinusoids; expression of cE variants is low.
Nor is strong long-term economic performance any guarantee against such crises.
Citing a group of U.S. lawmakers visiting East Timor, the Sydney Morning Herald reported that there is strong evidence that the Indonesian military has "worked with militia groups to sabotage" the upcoming vote for autonomy there.
Die Welt led on a new birth control patch, developed by Johnson & Johnson, which it said would offer strong competition to the pill when it is put on the market next year.
It was founded in an amazing geological area on hills created by ancient volcanic activity — ideal vantage points for building strong defenses and spying an approaching enemy.
If a publication is built around writers with strong, individual views and identities, and people read the paper because of those writers, it gives the writers and editors a lot of power; and I think it has suited Leonard Stern's business agenda (I'm not suggesting it's a conscious conspiracy) for the Voice to stop being a writer's paper.
The strong spiritual faith in the power of particular saints was frowned upon by the American church and considered to be an “exaggerated superstitious” belief (Dolan and Hinojosa, 57).
The resulting dramatic enhancement in the efficiency of light capture for photosynthesis apparently provided a strong evolutionary pressure for development of the ability of photosynthetic organisms to synthesize Chl b or Chl c [ 44 ] .
In early May, he submitted a bundle of strong amendments.
Publishing after the Mexican Revolution, Vasconcelos envisioned the successful future of Mexico to lie in the strong bonds of its mixed-race population.
Despite the evidence of the relationship between alcohol and injury, we still do not have strong support for screening and intervention from our colleagues who deliver trauma care.
Through our support of the Annual Fund, you and I can help continue the educational tradition we enjoyed --a strong foundation for a lifetime of continued learning and growth.
He's really running on the idea of helping poor people--"strengthening the weak" and "challenging the strong" and spreading the new stock-market prosperity to the least among us.
Agringado is a particularly strong term in comparison to americanizado, because the word gringo connotes a strong negative image of a North American.
Some probes of library 614 showed strong red on the slide in Figure 1aand strong green on the slide in Figure 1bin the 614 section (Figure 1, arrowheads), which would be expected if these clones were expressed in a tissue-specific pattern.
Analyses of nuclear labeling intensity and comparison to proliferation index as a function of days in culture revealed a strong correlation.
Scorpion venom when injected exerts a strong inflammatory response [ 11 ] . Many plant species used against stings contain compounds with antiinflammatory properties, flavonoids (rutin, hesperidin, quercetin), coumarins (bergapten), coumestans (wedelolactone), triterpenes, sterols and saponins [ 38 11 ] . The mechanism of action of the flavonoids is based on the inhibition of enzymatic steps in the arachidonic acid cascade [ 38 ] . Plant compounds that are immunostimulants at very low doses are some alkaloids, quinones, isobutylamides, phenolcarboxylic acid esters and terpenoids [ 39 ] . Other plant compounds with immunostimulatory effects are sesquiterpene lactones [ 40 ] . Many polysaccharides and glycoproteins enhance the unspecific immune system by activating the phagocytotic activity of granulocytes and macrophages, or by inducing cytokine production or influencing complement factors [ 39 ] .
The contrast is strong enough to sustain the allusion to Julia Ward Howe's Battle Hymn (bypassing Steinbeck, of course) when Quinn speaks of the narrative trampling over the now familiar gripes of Roth.
His pathetic answer on welfare aside, Bradley turned in a strong performance as well.
The Bible says, 'We are weak but He is strong.' ...
If Germany still wants to be the strong man in Europe, then Germans will have to work harder."
, that it is "too strong" for children below one year of age), and the main difficulties faced by drug sellers (e.g.
European courts are also wary of allowing potential witnesses to hear the testimony of other witnesses before they testify (they put less faith in cross-examination), but they take strong measures to protect the interests of victims at trial.
Note that the Table 1also summarizes the data with respect to ERα expression showing either strong expression of ERα protein (PT1 and PT2) or only traces (PT3 and PT4).
More celebrated was the 90,000-strong crowd, the largest ever for a women's sporting event.
From screening one million cDNA clones, 40 clones exhibited strong activation of both of the reporter genes (LacZ and Leu2).
Strong evidence is, after all, strong evidence, even when it's a little shy of overwhelming.
Microvessels were separated from nonvascular tissue in several washing steps (in 1× PBS) utilizing a strong magnet field.
The piece explains, as does the WP , that the budget deficit projections for 2002 have dropped so much because of the strong economy that it won't take much incremental change to balance the budget for that target year, which of course won't mean much if the bill's tax cuts then "explode in cost down the road."
I am grateful to Ehrlich for that amazingly strong result, because I use it to illustrate three points that I'm always eager to drive home to my students.
Northern blotting revealed a strong signal in testis (figure 1).
He has the mannerisms of a bully, someone who abuses the weak and is cowed by the strong.
Though 19 th -century critics doubted Tiepolo's spiritual conviction, the curators at the Met make a strong case that Tiepolo was not just a brilliant decorator of sumptuous Catholic churches.
They wonder whether Gary Bauer is strong enough to resist the urge.
In contrast, infection of the intestinal epithelium by pathogenic bacteria elicits a strong inflammatory response that includes disruption of the epithelial layer by mechanisms of both cytopathicity and apoptosis [ 56].
Fans of disco (which is not a dying fad in Beijing) have made the Hot Spot (south of the Jiangguang New World Hotel) the hottest dance venue in town, with stage shows and caged dancers going strong every night until 2am.
They replaced the old small castles on high ground protected only by wooden stockades with large central fortresses out of range behind broad moats, surrounded by solid stone ramparts and earthworks strong enough to resist cannon fire.
The NYT lead says that the U.S. and Britain are highly skeptical of Saddam Hussein's compliance and that "there was an unusually strong consensus Monday that American and British bombing was almost inevitable."
The SMA-negative cells in all three cases showed distinct negativity to ER and CK8, in sharp contrast with the overlying epithelial cells that showed strong ER and CK8 positivities (data not shown).
Site selected: needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity; data focus on program operations and on-site observation, are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on; analysis is closely concurrent with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or audit trail; reports are usually internal or parts of larger, longer reports
In both cases, the validity of the various models or ranking rules requires an examination of the missing data information and strong faith in the reasons given for the patients' withdrawal.
We identified a second strong candidate interval on distal Chr 19 that may modulate striatal neuron number.
If he shows no interest in going there with you, that's a pretty strong indicator of where things are.
I almost always feel a very strong attraction to doughnuts.
Stephanopoulos is kinder to the first lady, whom he depicts as passionate and strong.
The company showed strong growth in its wireless business, which remains one of the hottest sectors around, and it issued a bullish forecast for the coming year.
In A549 cells, expression of PDGFR-α, not PDGFR-β, was detected with strong cytoplasmic and membrane staining patterns (Figure 6and 7).
Behind the strong, plain, painted doors, many successful bankers increased the wealth of their trusting investors.
Weak trademarks are more difficult to establish, and they are entitled to narrower protection than strong ones.
The major finding in this study was that travel to another country is a very strong and significant risk factor for cryptosporidiosis transmitted in non-outbreak settings in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Strong and Continuing Congressional Involvement
"Hitler Moves East" was produced during the final phase of the Vietnam War, and Levinthal has recently suggested that "you come away [from the book] with a strong antiwar statement."
Teenage single mothers are portrayed as independent and strong, struggling with boyfriends involved in drugs, but also the friendships and strong relations among the girls are presented realistically.
The general approach was as follows: hair samples were dissolved in a strong base (NaOH) and the dissolved material was subjected to solvent extraction.
Seven other proteins showing strong similarity to GF14ω have the exact sequence in the loop considered to be the EF-hand and so were included in Table 3. Several other proteins showing similarity were divergent in this loop and so were not included.
And Bown has unearthed a tremendous number of strong paintings, largely from private collections, that defy all our notions of what Soviet art looked like, even at the height of Stalinism.
Within the new government, there were strong deficit-cutting and economic stimulus factions.
The Wall Street Journal reports that child labor is flourishing in the U.S., because when the economy is strong, employers can't find enough adult cheap labor.
, the selection of strong cellular promoters), while cellular emulsion allows for in vitro properties to be optimized (e.g.
However, there was a surprisingly strong NT-3 signal over the organ of Corti in the apex of Brn3c null littermates (Fig.
It hasn't gotten nearly the attention that Mike Lind's book has, but A Better War deserves strong consideration by anyone still interested in Vietnam.
Two sequences (#15 and #16 [TED]), showed a strong probability (0.
Two days before I arrived, the latest statistics had confirmed that Malaysia was in fact experiencing a fairly strong economic recovery.
Unionization shows "how aggrieved many doctors feel," says the Washington Post . It changes the image of physicians who have "sometimes arrogantly presented themselves as part of an elite profession as opposed to members of a workers' group," says the New York Times , and it "may turn out to be a strong force against health plans that unfairly use their market power to limit quality of care."
In a group of 20 healthy subjects, the strong relationship between both methods could be confirmed, particularly for subjects younger than 45 years.
A strong participation is essential to successfully reach out to more girls.
The COG construction procedure does not rely on any preconceived phylogenetic tree of the included species except that certain obviously related genomes (for example, two species of mycoplasmas or pyrococci) were grouped prior to the analysis, to eliminate strong dependence between BeTs.
The piece claims that the U.S.'s strong growth in the 1990s and the collapse of one long-term-oriented Asian financial system (where, unlike here, banks and not financial markets are the primary source of capital) after another show quite the contrary.
It appears that potential new clades revealed in such independent studies are strong candidates for new, high-level taxa.
A person who gets it has humor, purpose, a sense of the absurd, and a strong world view.
The Auld Alliance must have been strong indeed to put up with seven centuries of this sort of stuff.
Similarly, performance was improved by localizing red blood cells, identified by strong eosin stain band expression, to oblong white objects, as they are typically found in intrasinusoidal space.
I find that much of the time users have a very strong sense of what they like and dislike in language and are unwilling to let any so-called experts influence them.
49 The competition from Chinese and South-East Asian producers remains strong.
This might be due to the polysaccharide backbone of cellulose [ 60 ] with a propensity to form strong intermolecular hydrogen bonds and to be involved in hydrophobic interactions more than soluble dextrans [ 61 ] and galactose + 3,6-anhydrogalactose copolymers (= the saccharide moiety of carrageenan) [ 62 63 ] . Among the two polymers containing aryl sulfonates, poly(napthalene sulfonate) was more effective than poly(styrene-4-sulfonate) with respect to induction of gp41 six-helix bundles in HIV-1 BaL.
Less strong Lewis bases are the charge-compensated Glu in an ion-pair with Arg, the amide group of Gln and Asn, and finally the carbonyl of the peptide backbone as the weakest [ 29 ] . The importance of the ligand was demonstrated by substitution of His with the weaker Lewis base Asn in the apoprotein of the bacterial light-harvesting complex LH1, which eliminated assembly of the complex in vivo and reconstitution in vitro [ 30 ] . Formation of a stable coordination bond with a weaker Lewis base is expected to require a stronger Lewis acid.
Besides the sprawling front-page coverage, there are editorials in both Times , as well as a strong op-ed presence, which includes the effort in the NYT in which Paul Simon, of "Where have you gone, Joe DiMaggio?"
(For more on the confusing history of U.S. parties, click .) The problem was that each party had different ideas about what the common good entailed: For the Federalists it meant a strong central government, an expanding economy, and the stewardship of an elite ruling class.
"Opposition to WTO accession remains strong among State Council ministries and most regional administrations," wrote Willy Wo-Lap Lam in a comment on this week's Sino-U.S. trade agreement.
We have expressed our strong disapproval to Nickelodeon, which produces the comic, and Creators Syndicate, which distributes it.
When cross elasticities are strong, however, the demand curves shift.
Le Monde of Paris, under the striking headline "Hell Is American," was particularly strong in its condemnation of the Starr report, which it likened to the Spanish Inquisition.
The Clinton administration's cryptography stand reflects the strong law-and-order views of the FBI and Justice Department.
Even though he is half wild, Juan Oso develops into a strong, smart, and sensitive man who will not be outwitted.
Strong economy, strong communities, strong families.
Samples of sludges collected at the NH site, which were frozen since 1995, retained a strong faecal odour.
Weak governors also face limits of one or two terms, making them automatic lame ducks: They tend to govern less independently and exercise less clout with legislatures than strong governors, who, because they can repeatedly succeed themselves, amass more and more political power.
The condition of blacks is improving, but there is strong evidence--see, for example, Orlando Patterson's new book The Ordeal of Integration --that affirmative action has played an essential role in fostering both integration and the growth of the black middle class.
A small beneficial effect was observed for women when considering death due to colorectal cancer, but a strong effect when considering death due to other causes.
The museum is not strong on catalogues or labels; enjoy the displays for their own intrinsic beauty.
1. Furthermore, there was one spot at which binding to the oligo(dT) probe was undetectable, but at which there was nevertheless a very strong binding to the muscle probe.
The area’s distinctive character owes much to its strong Moorish heritage and its Mediterranean climate, so different from most other parts of the country.
Protectionism, by contrast, tends to impose widely spread costs but to confer benefits on concentrated interest groups, who therefore have a strong incentive to lobby for it--and to provide financial support for those who help make it seem intellectually respectable.
Newsweek also argues that Apple will fail to hire a strong CEO because nobody wants to work in Jobs' shadow.
The offsetting principle is that the government must be strong, well financed, and act with a sense of compassion for the weak and defenseless.
The latter vectors contain strong splice sites, either in front of [ 2 4 ] or behind [ 23 ] the entrapment cassette, allowing efficient expression from within introns.
As a former subscriber, you may know that the IRT has enjoyed a strong start to our season.
The Times points out that this non-action could hamstring U.S. efforts to forge a strong U.N. agreement on action against Iraq, and could hurt the IMF's attempts to contain the Asian economic crisis.
The filing price can be adjusted upward if demand is strong enough, but in general the offering price for a company going public is considerably below the market-clearing price.
Joseph Cornell was like the simple son in the fairy tale who picks up odds and ends--a dead bird, a broken jug, perhaps a rusty nail--as he mooches toward the palace with his strong and handsome brothers, who mean to vie for the princess's hand.
The MI computations give evidence for strong pairwise correlations, including between distant positions, and correlations may exist between any number of positions.
In one particularly strong riff, Bradley talked about the need to turn globalization and rising prosperity into a more inclusive "narrative" in which ordinary people can locate themselves.
 for MJ treatment, and the amino-cyclopropane synthase gene ( ACS1 ) for the ozone treatments [ 9 19 35 ] . The genes tested showed strong amplification in the subtracted samples after 15 cycles of PCR, whereas in the unsubtracted samples the PCR product was seen only after 10 additional cycles (Figure 1).
The paper reports that Milosevic is meeting with Boris Yeltsin today and that yesterday, in a preparatory 40 minute phone call with Bill Clinton, Yeltsin said he would express in the meeting a strong preference for a diplomatic resolution.
or “Though the Enemy Be Tens of Thousands Strong” seems excessively belligerent today, we should not forget jingoistic attitudes in Europe and America at the time.
The communes were strong enough to confine German Emperor Frederick Barbarossa’s Italian ambitions to the south, where he secured Sicily for his Hohenstaufen heirs by marrying his son into the Norman royal family.
Whatever the underlying reason(s) for the development of anaphylactic reactivity to these self peptide preparations, in both the EAE and the NOD T1DM models, anaphylactic reactions occurred in mice that had developed strong IgG1 responses to the relevant self peptides, with only modest changes in total IgE levels.
Both have strong followings in a country where fans know European football stars by name and Michael Jordan is a household name (known in China as Fei Ren, the “Flying Man”).

This might suggest an alternative to LGT, namely that there has been extreme sequence convergence because of strong selection for appropriate residues mediating domain-domain interactions.
If one of the dominant motifs of Lacan's early life is his contempt for his father, as it is in this account, then it can seem virtually inevitable that his early work was about the terrible cultural consequences of the "weakening of the father imago" (there were no strong fathers anymore), and that much of his later work should be obsessed by what he called "the-name-of-the-father" and the symbolic significance of the phallus.
Accountability standards are being developed by the Bar Foundation to ensure that each program creates strong ties within the community with the goal of building local bar support and involvement and increasing local fundraising.
A question that arises in analyzing eukaryotic sequences with strong matches to bacterial proteins, especially when the match is unique, is whether the gene in question truly was isolated from a eukaryote, or whether it represents a prokaryotic contaminant (any nucleic acid matches of ESTs to prokaryotes, which probably would be contaminants, were removed before database submission [ 28 ] ). Claims of nematode genes having been acquired by HGT [ 17 18 19 23 ] have addressed this issue in a number of ways.
This clone contained an ORF of 73 amino acids that detected a strong signal by Northern blotting in testis RNA (figure 1).
The family forms the backbone of Greek society and filial ties are strong.
The piece also points out a strong reason the lawyers had for urging Jones to take the deal--they had recently switched to a percentage contingency fee arrangement with her.
We will require the continued financial support of individuals, families and organizations which share our belief that a strong, private, Catholic high school education, as offered at Cathedral, will continue to prepare the leaders our society so desperately needs.
Previous analysis of Npm3 expression in mouse tissues also showed generally equal and strong expression in the tissues tested with especially strong expression in testis [ 21 ] . However, in the mouse, the brain, rather than the lung, displayed the lowest Npm3 RNA levels.
2) The same book says that at the 1980 Republican convention, Ronald Reagan told a friend: "I have strong reservations about George Bush.
To make it palatable for a popular audience, it has been published in the guise of a vocabulary builder, which, I suppose, it is, though anyone without both the vocabulary to begin with and an inordinately strong will is very unlikely to find the book easy to understand.
There are strong First Amendment obstacles to various provisions in the bill.
The reversal effect of NOM was similar to that of VRP, which is a classical reversal agent with a high reversal activity; NOM therefore also has a strong reversal activity.
As a result of his strong performance in '92, he was eligible to receive $29 million in public financing.
Despite editorials around the world expressing alarm about the deteriorating political situation in Russia (including an especially strong one in Asahi Shimbun of Tokyo), Le Figaro of Paris led Friday with French President Jacques Chirac declaring after talks in the Kremlin that he doesn't believe that Russia will withdraw from the Kosovo peace process and that he expects the next few days to show "that things are moving in the right direction, that of peace."
A strong BDNF signal was found over the hair cells of control animals and an occasional immature hair cell also showed a BDNF signal in the Brn3c null mutants.
Retailers thought the strong economy would mean a big buying season, but estimates see just a two or three percent increase over last December's sales (only half of the expected gain).
Furthermore, an integral component of proteasome, HsN3 [ 22 23 24 ] , which is a β subunit of the 20S catalytic core, was also isolated as a strong and specific Smad1 interactor.
For these analyses, strong or moderate recommendations for therapy were considered as positive.
Surf is first found in 1685, on the coast of India and, bearing a strong resemblance to suff , found 100 years earlier on the same coast and with much the same meaning, may be presumed to be a variant form of the same word; it may also be assumed to be of Indian origin.

We take the number and largely conserved location of the introns as a strong support for classifying four sub-families.
According to the literature [ 4 5 6 ] it is necessary to maintain an IL-1Ra : IL-1 molar ratio of 10-100 or more to achieve a strong inhibitory effect.
The Japanese surrender left in place a 7,000-strong resistance army led by Chinese communists.
The protein kinase domain in CRKs shows strong sequence similarity to the kinase domain in CPKs, but the autoinhibitory and CLDs in CRKs show weak sequence similarity to the corresponding domains in CPKs.
We don't think, "There's strong evidence that she's my daughter, so I adore her."
The bill has strong support in the Senate, although the Post says a Democrat is threatening to filibuster.
Normal muscle fibers show strong nuclear and plasma membrane expression.
A putative replication origin was identified by GC skew analysis [ 14 ] . A strong inflection point in the GC plot marks this origin (Fig.
Because of the acid resistance of Al 2 O 3 , and the knowledge that existed when the first Procera crowns were introduced at the end of the 80 thand the early 90 th, the first Procera crowns were cemented with zinc phosphate and glass ionomer cements [ 11 ] . These cements were used because it was believed that the high fracture toughness of Al 2 O 3 copings, a property superior to that of traditional dental ceramics, would result in strong ceramic crowns.
Clockmaking has been a strong tradition since the 1500s.
Consequently, these genes are strong candidates for having entered nematodes via HGT, presumably from a rhizobial ancestor.
No background expression of EYFP or ECFP could be detected in the R26R-EYFP or R26R-ECFP mice, as expected (data not shown), due to the strong transcriptional stop sequence inserted between the promoter and the coding sequences.
1E), strong ERβ immunoreactivity was confined to amniotic epithelium (e) and EVT (t).
Alfonse D'Amato won approval of a provision requiring health insurance companies to cover post-mastectomy reconstructive surgery, and explains it this way: D'Amato was trying to undercut his election opponent's strong support among women voters.
The lack of strong signals of Smad1 or Smad4 in the immunoprecipitates of SNIP1 in the presence of BMP type I receptor activation may be due to the transient nature of the complex, which, as shown below, is targeted to proteasome for degradation.
The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow, helping youth become strong, independent adults of tomorrow.
1), in agreement with recent observations [ 44 45 ] . Virus inactivation can be attributed to strong binding of CAP to HIV-1, preventing the access to virus particles predominantly of antibodies against the gp120 V3 loop, known to be involved in coreceptor binding and specificity [ 15 46 47 48 49 ] , and to epitopes located adjacent to the V3 loop (Fig.
Nonetheless, there are strong reasons that court-ordered castration is a bad idea.
The paper says Ford was motivated by Volvo's strong brand image based on safety and because the average Volvo sells for $35,000, twice that of the average Ford.
To prevent this reoccurrence, the federal government would have to be strong and vigilant.
The programs continue to receive very strong support from the MSBA, the court and the legislature.
But suppose that the seasonality is very strong indeed.
3. "Nobel Prize-winning economist Milton Friedman told a German business daily that the U.S. stock market was endangering the U.S. economy, because 'a strong market crash' was increasingly likely .
In Paris, Le Monde warned in an editorial Sunday that because of China's attitude a U.N. force in Kosovo might no longer even have a NATO "core" if the Russian and Ukrainian presences in it were too strong.
And the evidence that this produces downward mobility is distressingly strong.
The impression of double standards being applied was particularly strong where it did most damage--in the Middle East, the Guardian concluded.
Its strong bastions and high ‘curtains’ were never taken by an enemy.
When we plot the association efficiency parameter against the normalized disequilibrium parameter, D ', we see a strong positive correlation: r = 0.89 in the Gambia and r = 0.91 in Malawi (Figure 6e,6f).
Belgian politics enjoy none of the rowdy intellectual contention of the United Kingdom, none of the nuance-loving literary polemics of France, not even a strong national identity.
Simple phrases like I wish to dismantle it become Ah'm gaan tae tak' it sinnery , and even simpler words like foolish become glaikit , so that by the end of your first day you are desperately searching for strong drink and the services of a good interpreter.
Both Jews and Muslims take nearly as strong positions against disinterment.
What makes a governorship strong or weak?
People who write for the NYTBR all have stories about how the section resists strong criticism and colorful writing.
Since VR1 likely forms as a tetramer, the strong interaction we observed between pairs of subunits raises the question of whether this subunit interaction is involved in VR1 function.
Here you’ll find the finest leather goods and of-the-moment fashions from all the predictable high-priests (Valentino, Armani, Versace, Gucci, Missoni, etc. ). A number of classic men’s clothing meccas such as Cucci (with a C), Brioni, and Battistoni are still going strong.
Provide Clear, Strong Executive Leadership
--strong incentives to encourage highly placed officials to leak to him.
This letter is to let you know that we still need your help to continue our record of strong fiscal management, vibrant theatrical productions and outstanding educational programs.
This activation of the p110-PI 3-kinase/PKB pathway, and inhibition of GSK3, delivers a strong anti-apoptotic signal to the cell [ 23, 24, 25].
We are pleased that the Administration has just released the national homeland security strategy and GAO stands ready to work with the Congress and the Administration to ensure that a sound and strong strategy can be effectively implemented to protect the country against terrorism.
Its strong walls guard not only jewels and royal artifacts but also the memories of thousands of historic events.
4), which demonstrated strong, specific staining by the antibodies against β-tubulin classes II and I + IV.
Thus, strong immunoreactivity for HMB45 rules out capsular nevus, but non-immunoreactivity may not be contributory.
organizations recognized as having strong information security programs.
It's a strong argument, because gays do want approval.
Allow your children to make a strong yet subtle statement and order a set today.
The GOP Yankees, like all good Republicans, favor an extremely strong defense: They are among the best fielding teams in the majors.
For example, vessels within tumors expressing predominantly the VEGF189 isoform, which has a strong heparin-binding affinity and thus is highly localized, are much less leaky than the vessels in tumors expressing the more diffusible VEGF165 and VEGF121 isoforms [ 45].
Therefore, creation of a strong T cell epitope in this protein initiates an immune response that leads to the diversification of T cell responses to other regions of the molecule.
One reason for this is that Madonna's pregnancy during shooting required her Dior finery to mask her thickening midsection, whereas photos of Evita in the clothes show that her slimness and tiny waist--maintained both by will and by deteriorating health--were a strong focus of her visual appeal.
The AVM touch receptor neurons in EA485, a strain which showed a strong ALM migration defect, were located in the same position as the AVMs in TU2562, a strain which showed few ALM migration defects (Fig.
Mine are wholly Quebec, English and Protestant, yes, but with a strong current of French and Catholic.
On the opposite side of the road is the best coffee house on the lake: Kedves has been going strong for two centuries and once you’ve tasted their chocolate cake you’ll understand why.
It's possible that these companies believed that their lobby in Washington was so strong that Congress would ratify any deal.
We did not find a strong dependence of the results on the substitution models used in calculating likelihoods and separate runs indicated satisfactory precision of the calculated probabilities and bootstrap values.
