2. Successful completion of all life skills tests
If you can increase your last donation, we would appreciate that show of support for the campers and their efforts to overcome obstacles and create successful lives.
We've worked hard to structrue the organization so that we've ready to move boldly into the next century, and I believe that we have an exciting and successful future ahead of us.
We seek the financial support of the Foundation to help us be successful in creating the atmosphere in our community where young people can grow and develop well.
A Big Sister is a mentor, a friend and a role model, helping a young girl to develop the self-confidence and life skills necessary to become a responsible, productive and successful adult.
We often hear about economic poverty, but what some of these young people are growing up with is emotional poverty-they have often given up on hope and the possibility of a successful future.
I do not think we were successful in drawing a clean distinction between doings and happenings with clear mathematics.
The three-week battle was substantially successful, and almost all remaining al Qaeda forces took refuge in Pakistan's equally mountainous and lightly governed frontier provinces.
During the late 1970s the zoot suit received wide recognition and popularity with the production of a successful play by Luis Valdez.
The Zozobra is ritualistically burned at the beginning of the fiesta, which symbolizes the end of destructiveness, gloom, and worry, setting the tone for a successful fiesta.
Although in 88 b.c. , Mithradates made a swift and successful raid from the East across Asia Minor and the Aegean Islands, the next major power change brought influence from the West.
The company president determined that these trials were successful and quickly introduced the better performing substitute to one of the production lines.
Along with GE, it's one of the few truly successful industrial conglomerates left in this country, with lines of business ranging from disposable medical products to underwater telecommunications.
The enrichment step appears to have been at least partially successful, as the largest negative effect on life span observed among the 144 lines tested was -7.
So this woman, successful in her own right, and except for her politics a poster woman for the "Ms.
PCR has already been demonstrated to be a successful tool for monitoring onchocerciasis programs [ 4 5 ] . The availability of such a tool permits rigorous surveillance for resumption of transmission following completion of control activities.
It's so great that it's amazing that it was ever broadcast, much less promoted to the point that it was permitted to gather an audience and eventually become successful.
At MGM, Louis B. Mayer produced the bourgeois counterpart, the obscenely successful Andy Hardy series starring Mickey Rooney and Judy Garland, later teamed in the archetypal teen pix Babes in Arms and Babes on Broadway . Universal made a likewise profitable series with Deanna Durbin, and over at RKO in the '40s, the teen-age Shirley Temple starred in movies like The Bachelor and The Bobby-Soxer . It is in 1949 that the echt misunderstood teen film Knock on Any Door was made, starring John Derek as the misfit who wanted to "live fast, die young, and leave a beautiful corpse."
The development of fungal disease in plants has at least three important control points: the prevalence of fungal inoculum, the environment during infection, and disease development as modified by plant defenses [ 1 2 ] . Most field studies on wild plants have not measured pathogen abundance but have focused on disease expression [ 3 4 5 6 ] . Atmospheric moisture is generally the single most important environmental factor influencing the incidence and severity of fungal diseases on plants [ 4 7 8 9 10 ] . High relative humidity and several hours of free surface water are critical for both spore germination and successful infection [ 11 12 13 ] . In addition, infection (i.e.
My old friend McKibben's aesthetic is not the same as mine (his favorite movie is Gandhi ), but since reading his book I pay closer attention to the temporal aspects of film, convinced that even, say, a successful formula thriller like Breakdown derives much of its power from its simulation of real time.
The Huichol are one of the last remaining indigenous cultures that has been successful in retaining cultural integrity —  despite efforts by the “civilized” world to westernize their traditional ways of living.
Moreover, only cells having undergone a successful homologous recombination event should become HAT resistant and carry the targeted transgene.
In successful hypnosis, the subject works to enter a state of heightened susceptibility, to surrender to a higher power.
Salinas was found guilty by the trial judge of being the author of the successful 1994 assassination of a fast-rising political star.
A partially successful cloning attempt by Dr. Evil's henchman, Number 2 (Robert Wagner), has produced a true heir: a one-eighth Dr. Evil replica (Verne J. Troyer) dubbed "Mini-Me" who's like a distillation of the archvillain's most feral impulses.
Florida undertook a successful effort to persuade the Florida Supreme Court to amend the IOTA rule.
The successful debut of Once and Again , the new drama (from the creators of thirtysomething , no less) about having a love life as a divorced parent, has drawn plenty of hosannas from TV-watchers who feared that the tube had forever been given over to Dawson's Creek and its myriad clones.
(Of course if the plan were successful, his Israeli critics would have thought he was a genius.)
Founded in 1985 by successful business owners and professionals with disabilities, and restructured in 1991 as a 501(c)(3) charitable, nonprofit membership organization, the dba provides business information and assistance to enterprising individuals with disabilities, worldwide.
Because you know which teams are successful before you begin your analysis--those that win--you can use mathematics to identify similarities among those winning teams.
The one thing the liberals can't stand is a successful corporation.
.By providing new challenges for those students already considered successful and helping them surpass boredom and complacency, which are barriers to success.
Successful management improvement efforts often contain a number of common critical elements, including top leadership commitment and accountability, the integration of management
This is testament to Wall Street's faith that Rubin has been so successful that the White House won't dare change his pro-market policies.
Starr-gaysing . The WP carries a piece way inside with the suggestion that some of Kenneth Starr's investigators recently asked Bob Hattoy, a gay Clinton administration official, if he had been successful hiring homosexuals in to the government.
This guild of scholars is one of the most successful enterprises in the history of our species.
For example, in the spinal cord, where successful regeneration ultimately depends on axon extension in an appropriate direction over long distances, factors that promote parallel axonal growth, and discourage non-parallel growth, should enhance long-distance regeneration.
Mossad's covert missions have been more successful than its intelligence gathering.
Performance measurement (principle IV) and information management human capital development (principle VI) are two areas that private, state, and federal CIOs all agreed must be addressed in order for the CIO and the supporting organization to be successful.
BLM included the fully successful performance standards for each of the
In practice, the discrimination rule would be created on a training set of data and applied to an unknown set; therefore a high cross-validation probability of successful classification for developing a well-defined discrimination rule is important.
The scoring system, described in the Materials and Methods section, was set up to identify successful PCR amplified products.
For example, even successful loop and side chain building methods will fail on comparative models based on incorrect alignments (in our case, we tried six different approaches in the three categories combined, the results for only two of which are listed in Figures 1and 2).
In 1066, Duc Guillaume of Normandy crossed the English Channel in a successful military campaign and became William the Con­queror.
I think the reason "there you go" has no such unpleasant connotations is that it describes, in the retail context, the state in which the customer finds him- or herself after successful completion of the purchase.
The correlation between the values so obtained and the corresponding value of the integrated spot intensity from successful gaussian curve fitting was 0.99.
Sanford Dole, head of a missionary family, and others led a successful movement to curb Kalakaua’s powers.
Likewise, the lawyer who went to China was a very successful lawyer.
Fisher, Hammond, Obermeyer, and Raman have introduced a method that proved successful in predicting demand for new fashion skiwear as part of an “Accurate Response” forecasting and planning approach.
Bennett did make one highly successful move by delaying the suit until after the 1996 election.
Here, after all, was a program (Aid to Families with Dependent Children) that, judged by current lights, must be rated one of the most successful social experiments of all time.
Amy's View , the best of the recent works to show up here, is a more familiar and successful exercise.
As early as 1977, when the stock market wallowed in the doldrums, Wall Street chronicler Robert Sobel observed that a successful analyst could "become something of a celebrity, called by New York Times and Wall Street Journal reporters ...
Successful organizations we studied based their strategic planning, to a large extent, on the interests and expectations of their stakeholders.
Coburn pioneered two major and highly successful programs in New Jersey.
For elements where a level of achievement other than fully successful has been assigned, the rating official must describe the executive's achievements on additional pages.
Achievement levels for other critical and noncritical elements are designated as at least fully successful or higher.
(She was bumped as "Woman of the Year" by the successful impeachment.)
12 In addition, we have reported on governmentwide trends and lessons learned by successful organizations.
While efforts to shut down Libya's illegal nuclear program have been generally successful, Pakistan's illicit trade and the nuclear smuggling networks of Pakistani scientist A.Q.
the successful launching of a major recruitment drive to increase minority enrollment in the School
"Our subscription model is precisely why we have been so successful in getting ads while others have failed miserably," he wrote in a clamorous essay titled "Wrong!
The availability of extensive genome sequence data and advances in structure determination over recent years allow the successful application of comparative genomics, sequence and structure comparisons to identify any such folds that may be somewhat less widely represented than the OB or SH3-like folds.
The novel includes a scene in which the mother, Kate, is too weak to prepare an elaborate luncheon for a group of women, so her daughter dons the apron and, under Kate's direction, cooks a successful meal.
The most successful DOD programs also captured the knowledge that manufacturing processes needed to build the product would consistently produce a reliable product by the end of system demonstration, before making a production decision.
The approach taken, to break the HCV genome into 10 pieces according to the gene boundaries, proved to be successful.
More successful was Mossad's arming and training of Kurdish rebels in Iraq.
The Gulchers--Bob Livingston, Haley Barbour, Tommy Boggs--are Washington High's most successful graduates.
The Chinese president also hopes Clinton's visit will bolster his own prestige as a statesman, "upstaged" by new Prime Minister Zhu Rongji's successful European tour.
Successful efforts have also been made to expand resources necessary for the delivery of civil legal assistance to the indigent.
Hit and myth ... about a successful recording of Gluck's Orfeo.
The results from these scenarios imply a strong national commitment, one that is successful in developing the programs and policies necessary to achieve the level of emission reductions described within the report.
If successful, a retailer’s private-label program can capitalize on the same type of strong brand recognition that has yielded profits to companies like Levi Strauss or more recently Tommy Hilfiger.
If a supermarket just sells milk, it will probably be less successful than if it sells milk, eggs, cereal, bread, and so on.
KSM knew that the successful staging of such an attack would require personnel, money, and logistical support that only an extensive and well-funded organization like al Qaeda could provide.
Senior executives receive a level of achievement of "exceptional," "fully successful," or "less than fully successful" for each element in their individual performance plan as measured against the established performance requirements.
Yet even if his efforts are successful and elections bring a democratic government to Afghanistan, the United States faces some difficult choices.
This is one place in apparel manufacturing where teamwork has been quite successful.
"If successful, working visits to Beijing by US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers and Under-Secretary of State Thomas Pickering could go a long way in getting day-to-day links back to the level they were before Nato's bombing of China's embassy in Belgrade," the paper said.
To a great extent this extraordinary growth was made possible by the generosity of our alumni and friends and their commitment to making SPEA the successful program it is today.
Richards, now 64 and a successful pediatric ophthalmologist, advises other men who want, as she did, to change genders in middle age not to do it, according to the Star . "You better get on Thorazine or Zoloft or Prozac," she advises.
As it happens, the French film industry is the target of an overpraised yet amusing satire called Irma Vep , which has been enjoying a successful run at New York's Film Forum and will shortly open in major cities around the country.
Will they be successful?
While the graph-theory methods have been fairly successful at handling the interconnectedness problem to build non-conserved side chains and main chains [ 24 ] , other major problems preventing the construction of accurate comparative models have to do with inaccurate alignments and using the template structure as a static model upon which to build variable main chains.
) Second, if the child turns out pretty but doesn't want to be a beauty queen, her parents may force her in that direction anyway, thereby stifling her true talents and preventing her from becoming successful.
If the Comptroller General is successful in this action, the court will issue an order directing the agency head to produce the record.
Early on, he specialized in admiring portraits of successful young men: Bradley as a star college basketball player, Thomas Hoving at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Family planning has been successful in slowing the rate of growth, but there is resistance from America where some Republicans oppose these programs.
--which is how Laurence Olivier and Kenneth Branagh play him in the two movie versions of Henry V . But read the play more closely and you realize that the cheerfully successful king bears little resemblance to the man Shakespeare created.
This can happen if tigers which are parasite resistant and therefore healthier are more likely to be successful in establishing territories.
Successful economies rely on vibrant private sectors, which have an interest in curbing indiscriminate government power.
To be successful, the project teams spearheading these initiatives had to achieve each of the following objectives: (1) lead change, (2) create a shared need,
Congress could examine, for example, the degree to which agencies are building the elements of successful management improvement initiatives that we have discussed today into their respective management reform efforts.
The campaign has grown so successful that Americans now think cigarettes are more deadly than they really are.
