Customary law in Colombia contrasts with Western law as it maintains a different perception of casual relationships: tying back to the indigenous concept of harmony, crimes are viewed as imbalances in the community's harmony and can often be traced back to those who did not perpetuate the crime, but may have influenced the accused to do so.
Some historians trace Palestinian landlessness to Palestine's entry into the world economy in the 1880s.
The river trace and ria lakes suggest a downward movement along the same axis as that of the inferred fault.
To show how enactment and associated principles of self-organising and learning come to life, we will trace the process of enactment in each setting.
Just as careers can be traced in the Valley through the development of technology and tightly knit project teams, in film a clear pattern also emerges that reveals micro-level organising shaping macro activity.
I sat sideways in the armchair, feet dangling over one arm, neck resting against the other, absently tracing invisible lines between the stars outside my window as I ruminated on the situation.
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age, trace the history of the Easter Rising, or revisit Leopold Bloom’s odyssey in Ulysses.
, and is your argument that we find and hold against their retrospective because there is some, at least plausible basis should so argument, to say that there can be a causal connection between the retrospective extension and some benefit that can be traced to those particular works through the retrospective extension, like dissemination? Is 

The complaint against Tokhtakhounov's traces his contact with figure skating to 2000, when he proposed to Gailhaguet the creation of a professional hockey team in Paris that would provide revenue for the French Skating Federation.
The complaint against Tokhtakhounov's traces his contact with figure skating to 2000, when he proposed to Gailhaguet the creation of a professional hockey team in Paris that would provide revenue for the French Skating Federation.
If a trace of tropical lethargy still adds to the charm in this city of sidewalk cafés, palm trees, and pedicabs, any torpor definitely ends once inside the doors of Macau’s casinos, scene of some of the liveliest gambling west of Las Vegas.

With all respect, that seems a highly debatable issue and one far too complex for this discussion, though we can certainly trace a diminution in the role of female divinities (or divinity) when we come to examine Judaism and its congeners and progeny.
You will see pretty, gabled houses, Renaissance façades, and even traces of the 14th-century town wall along Hoher Steinweg, east of Falkenseer Platz.
5. The bottom trace in Figure 5shows the absorbance change of the indicator during the pR photocycle.
Neurite length was assessed by tracing the neurite using the straight-line tool in NIH Image.
The manufacturer might also have the patterns cut out from stiff fiberboard so that the individual pieces can be traced by hand onto a large sheet of paper.
Dark-haired girls could dye their hair blond, but no trace of the original color was permitted to show.
The ancient legend of La Llorona has been traced to pre-Columbian times in Mexico, and there is continuing discussion whether it may also have medieval European origins.
, 300 sec; trace d ), dye accumulation in the cells was immediately blocked.
The model we have today can be traced all the way back to the early 1970s (back to the Trueblood Committee).
The “encyclopedic” character of the book, then, cannot be traced to the handful of listings and diagrams in the back matter--structure of the United Nations, genealogical table of British sovereigns, and other dull material easily found in other sources; it must lie in the text itself.
Lewis Dabney signed up to write the biography of Edmund Wilson that I jettisoned in the early '80s, and there's no trace of it.
In summary, these tracing data suggest that mature hair cells are not necessary to direct fiber outgrowth and to maintain some fibers at least up to 6 months in the apex of the cochlea.
Additional algorithms for tracing subclade conservation through parents or children of a specific subclade (Figure 3a) and subclade conservation comparisons (Figure 2a,2c) are also implemented.
Nearby, the Marine Museum of Upper Canada (Exhibition Place, just west of Princes’ Gate) traces the history of shipping on the St. Lawrence River and the Great Lakes, with all the brass and wooden paraphernalia of the old vessels in addition to some beautiful scale models.
The Age of Melbourne headlined its editorial "Putin: the man who rose without trace," and said, "Public attention no longer focuses primarily on the ailing Mr Yeltsin's erratic policy-making, or even on the widespread corruption, ballooning debt and huge disparities of wealth that have arisen during the over-rapid privatisation of the Russian economy.
Previous studies have shown that truncation of the highly acidic carboxy-region BRCT resulted in resistance to caspase induced apoptosis [ 17 ] . Further, this failure of apoptosis was traced specifically to caspase 8 and the Fas/FasL pathway.
10, panel A, shows that the mature CL of the menstrual cycle has p27 expression limited to the luteal vessels; luteal cells show only traces of nuclear p27 (arrow) and no cytoplasmic staining.
Organic phosphate compounds are the central metabolites of all biological systems [ 1 2 ] . Some are the basic building blocks of nucleic acids, some like ATP and GTP, are additionally, cellular energy stores, others like cAMP or cGMP are messengers in signal transduction, and, yet others, such as FAD, NAD, thiamine phosphates and pyridoxal phosphate are cofactors for a range of enzymes [ 1 2 ] . Protein domains belonging to a relatively small set of structural folds are known to bind or catalyze reactions that utilize these organic phosphate compounds (see SCOP database: http://scop.mrc-lmb.cam.ac.uk/scop/) [ 3 4 ] . Several of these folds trace back to some of the earliest phases of the evolution of the protein world, and participate in a wide range of disparate biological functions in extant proteins [ 4 5 ] . Some folds, such as the P-loop fold, the Rossmann fold and the Hsp70-like fold, have been well studied, and comprise mainly of dedicated nucleotide binding or hydrolyzing proteins [ 6 7 8 9 ] . Others, such as the palm-domain, which is found in adenylyl cyclases and various nucleic acid polymerases, belong to more generalized protein folds that contain representatives with diverse biochemical activities [ 4 10 11 ] . Current availability of extensive genome sequence data, allows one to identify less numerous, nevertheless biological important organic phosphate-binding domains that may have previous eluded detection.
where tr denotes the trace of a matrix, that is, the sum of the diagonal entries.
WGS traces were obtained from Celera Genomics with a listing for each trace that included name, insert size and coordinates in Release 2. We determined the Release 2 coordinates of each BAC-end in our tiling path by comparison of the BAC-end sequences to the Release 2 sequence.
And there isn't a trace of irony in the skinny, frazzled Adams, who's as raw as a newly birthed gazelle.
Examples of donor-acceptor combinations might include: simple sugars and/or amino acids or other organic molecules in the presence of oxygen or nitrate (organisms capable of heterotrophic respiration), hydrogen and ferric ions or oxidized iron minerals (chemoautotrophic hydrogen oxidizers), organic acids and ferric ions or oxidized iron minerals (heterotrophic iron reducers), bicarbonate/carbonate and trace minerals in the presence and absence of light (photosynthetic organisms), carbon dioxide and a reduced metal such as ferrous ions (chemoautotrophs), ammonium ion and bicarbonate/carbonate (ammonia oxidizers), etc.
The reenactment of Las Posadas is an ancient tradition that can be traced back to the early conquest in Mexico and to the christianization of the Aztecs by the Augustine priests.
According to a NYT front-pager, the San Francisco Department of Health has traced an outbreak of syphilis to an America Online chat room.
At the adjacent Constitution Museum you can computer skipper the Constitution through some of her famous battles and trace the route she took on her round the world trade mission in 1844.
COMPOUND lepton number special situation air-cushion VERB COMPOUNDS (5) lip-gloss speed freak media mix surfer's knot clock in memory teaching machine clock off trace clock on new issue T-time clock out up quark fuck around 
No crude prongs hold up these stones, but rather, a precise silvery tracing that sets off the diamond and emphasizes the interlaced design of the brooch while hiding its construction.
No trace remains of the prison stormed in 1789; even the column in the center commemorates a later revolution, that of 1830.
The first profile measured the heart rate, the systolic systemic pressure, the diastolic systemic pressure, the mean systemic pressure, the mean pulmonary pressure, the pulmonary capillary wedge pressure, the central venous pressure, the right ventricular diastolic pressure, the right ventricular end diastolic pressure measured at the interception of the R point in the QRS complex with the intraventricular pressure trace [ 14], and the right ventricular systolic pressure.
Smythsons outlets can be traced via a toll-free number, (800) 345-6839.
In contrast to lacZ expression, which cannot be easily detected in living tissue, the EYFP and ECFP reporter strains (together with the GFP reporter strains currently available) will be very useful for monitoring the expression of Cre in living tissues, or tracing the lineage of these cells and their descendants, in cultured embryos or organs.
The first is that the particular phrase Oh dear! is the earliest of the set, as has been already remarked; and secondly, that there is no trace whatever, even in dialects, of a fuller form like dear Lord.
When the layout is done by hand through tracing on a sheet of paper, there is always a temptation for the operator to tilt a particular piece a bit more, squeezing it into the marker or “shrinking” the silhouette of some of the pieces to get them all on the marker.
This made it possible to trace the origin of micropodia and ultramicroextensions.
Set in 17 th -century Delft, the "outstanding" (Denise Kersten, USA Today ) novel traces the singular life of a girl working as a servant in the home of painter Jan Vermeer.
See the introductory film and then look at the 25 exhibits that trace the career of John F. Kennedy using rare film and television footage, documents, and personal memorabilia.
Several years prior to 9/11, an FAA requirement for screeners to conduct "continuous" and "random" hand searches of carry-on luggage at checkpoints had been replaced by explosive trace detection or had simply become ignored by the air carriers.
The importance of knowing the branching order of these species is illustrated by the immediate and wide acceptance of the Ecdysozoa hypothesis and its use in tracing patterns of developmental evolution [ 5 6 7 10 ] . However, in the initial analysis of 18S rRNA sequences [ 3 ] , Ecdysozoa was statistically significant only when a paralinear distance method was used; three other methods did not yield significant bootstrap support.
The CIA and Energy Department spins: The evidence is thin, and there's no way to trace what really happened.
According to a National Institutes of Health report, 70 percent of impotence cases among older men can be traced to cardiovascular problems.)
Degas was drawn to other methods besides photography for recycling his images, using tracing paper to multiply a drawing, then overlaying the copies with different colors to produce a range of emotional variants.
Cheer worked the best overall: It removed the road grime the best, and there was little trace of the orange grease left in the waistband by the barbecue sauce.
MX generated the null mutation, bred all the mice used for this study and generated the statistical data and the immunocytochemical data with MyoVII, AM conducted the tract tracing studies of cochlear afferents and helped with the histological analysis and assembly of image plates, UP carried out the in situ hybridization for neurotrophins and assembled the plates for these data, BF wrote the manuscript, carried out most of the neuronal tracing and immunocytochemistry for acetylated tubulin and data presentation.
Data were collected while running the electrophoresis and stored using the accompanying Cartographer data analysis software program, which extracts the pixel intensity of individual peaks present in a lane trace, allowing for sizing of alleles and quantitation of fluorescent peak areas.
Threshold cycle for each trace was measured at the point where the trace crossed the threshold value.
He allowed himself to succumb to the intrigue and, using his imagination and talent for research, traced out the other eleven days' worth of gifts as a solution to a conundrum.
When I first read [in XX, 3, BIBLIOGRAPHIA that A Dictionary of American Proverbs contains data on the recording of the proverbs and that it contains historical information on earliest appearances: for example, Money is the root of all evil is traced to Aelfric's Homilies (c. 1000), I assumed that the original statement, The love of money is the root of all evil, was not being traced back there.
Just around the corner and up a curving alleyway of vendors, the Great Mosque (Qingzhensi) traces its history to a.d. 742.
An immense essay by Editor in Chief Martin Peretz traces Zionism's triumphant history, beginning with the 1897 Basel conference.
Nerve fibers can be traced into the sensory epithelium of P0 and P8 Brn3c null mutants past the habenula perforata and there is a normal location of spiral sensory neurons in Rosenthal's canal in the apex of P8 Brn3c null mutants (Fig.
In the partition trace, the score is cumulative across partitions.
Driving east from Vancouver on the Trans-Canada Highway and following the Fraser River north to its tributary, the Thompson, you are backtracking along the great exploration route traced by intrepid fur traders from the prairies to the Pacific.
traces the word from an episode of the comic strip “Buck Rogers in the 25th Century” written by Philip Francis Nowlan in 1929--“Ahead of me was one of those golden dragon Mongols, with a deadly disintegrator ray.
This craze became known as décalcomanie, from décalc- (from décalquer `transfer a tracing' + - o - + manie `mania,' whence we get decalcomania ( decal for short for the transfers), and the adjective cockamamie some say echoes the sense of florid but superficial embellishment.
Using the aminoacyl-tRNA synthases as an example of the modular-type entities asserted to be most amenable to LGT, Woese concludes that the genealogical trace of vertical gene flow is readable, despite a significant jumbling influence of LGT.
The C. intestinalis Runx gene ( CiRunt ) was derived from a contig assembled using shot-gun sequence segments queried from NCBI's trace archive.
' ” To the best of our recollection, this may be the only instance in which the origin of an expression has been traced to a statue.
One gets the strong impression that for those entries that are acknowledged as being of US, Canadian, or other origin the editor has very few, if any, citations, for most of the words and expressions are not traced back very far.
You’ll find that the Old City’s myriad colours, sounds, smells, and tastes stir the senses; the Temple Mount’s architecture can take your breath away; pilgrims tracing Christ’s journey to Calvary along the Via Dolorosa remain a deeply moving sight; and the views from the Mount of Olives are stunning.
We used the following genomic sequences and analyses in this work: D. melanogaster Release 3 sequence (Berkeley Drosophila Genome Project, BDGP) [ 36 ] ; D. melanogaster Release 3.1 annotation (BDGP) [ 40 ] ; D. pseudoobscura Release 1 sequence and assembly (Human Genome Sequencing Center at Baylor College of Medicine, HGSC at BCM) [ 37 ] ; whole-genome alignment of D. melanogaster and D. pseudoobscura (Berkeley Genome Pipeline) [ 32 ] ; Anopheles gambiae assembled genomic sequence (Anopheles Genome Project) [ 56 ] ; Apis mellifera unassembled genomic trace sequence (HGSC at BCM) [ 48 ] .
Since our submission filter includes a quality cut-off at the distal end of the read (Phred Score < 12 [ 87 88 ] ), additional sequence can sometimes be obtained by direct examination of the sequencing trace available at [ 89 ] .
Historically, it has been very difficult to irrefutably trace natural Brucella transmission unless the strain involved happened to belong to a rare biovar.
He inverts intellectual history, tracing 18 th -century European chimps' fascination with savage humans--Swift's Yahoos being a prime example--and the delusional arrogance with which "Western Civilization ...
The origin of this expression pattern can be traced from the mesectoderm anlage in statu nascendi, to the mesectoderm anlage, to the mesectoderm (or midline primordium) and, finally, to the mature midline glial cells (Figure 6b).
Here's the story: Last spring, there was an outbreak of a nasty disease known as cyclosporiasis, which was eventually traced to Guatemalan raspberries.
The Sala del Mappamondo (named after a lost map of the Sienese world painted by Ambrogio Lorenzetti to trace the city’s international banking interests) has two great frescoes by the Siena-born master Simone Martini.
This is Italy’s oldest ski resort and an Alpine Museum traces its history in the Casa delle Guide (Maison des Guides).
An accompanying article traces the evolving debate among historians, several of whom proclaimed Jefferson's purity and must now admit to grave error.
To make sense of the shakier expertise both sides now confront, it helps to trace the history of child-care research through three unsettling waves during the past quarter century.
A range of additional steps to further determine data reliability includes tracing to and from source documents, using advanced electronic testing, and reviewing selected system controls.
Consider tracing from source documents, instead of or in addition to tracing a sample to source documents, when you have concerns that the data are not complete.
Holed up in his squalid attic studio in Montmartre (models complained of the dust, but Degas believed that sweeping just moved the dust around), Degas narrowed his subject matter to a few recurrent motifs--women bathing, having their hair combed, and dancing--while at the same time experimenting with a remarkable range of techniques and media (photography, tracing paper, lurid color combinations).
The fine museum inside traces the cultures of the Arab world, both the pre-Islamic and Islamic periods, with first-rate temporary exhibits.
In these cases, the piping may be insulated and heat traced to prevent condensation of the ammonia vapor.
INDIRECT COST - A cost that cannot be identified specifically with or traced to a given cost object in an economically feasible way.
MX generated the null mutation, bred all the mice used for this study and generated the statistical data and the immunocytochemical data with MyoVII, AM conducted the tract tracing studies of cochlear afferents and helped with the histological analysis and assembly of image plates, UP carried out the in situ hybridization for neurotrophins and assembled the plates for these data, BF wrote the manuscript, carried out most of the neuronal tracing and immunocytochemistry for acetylated tubulin and data presentation.
Vestiges of the village’s former grandeur can still be traced along the front, where grand old buildings jostle uncomfortably with high-rise blocks.
Some trace their ancestry to the influence of Spain.
An article traces the path of the "semen-stained dress" story: It bounced from the Drudge Report to countless news outlets without ever being substantiated.
Ears were subsequently reacted for acetylated tubulin to reveal the pattern of innervation in addition to the DiI tracing with a different technique as previously described [ 14 ] . Briefly, dissected ears were incubated with 1:500 anti-acetylated tubulin antibodies (Sigma, St. Louis) followed by secondary antibodies conjugated to HRP.
) An article traces the evolution of gender politics in New Yorker cartoons.
And while Dunlap seems to harbor no trace of self-doubt, the impulse to quiet these critics must have been fairly strong.
, at 200 sec; trace e ), blocked both phases of the response.
The fighting monks in a thousand kung fu films can trace their origin to the Shaolin Monastery in Henan Province.
Nineteenth-Century English is an interesting if somewhat staid tracing of the development of English into a world language, though its influence today is probably owing directly more to events of the past sixty years than to the growth and spread it enjoyed during the century of colonialism.
Interpretation of the 500 nm time course trace is more complicated.
Similarly, one organization's central group was instrumental in acquiring a strong user authentication system to help ensure that network use could be reliably traced to the individual users.
Yet, rumors and “common knowledge,” however inaccurate, are sometimes a misinterpretation of an event that actually occurred and, therefore, can be traced to a fact, even though distorted; the best that can be wished for is to turn up something that might have given rise to the story (like the identification of the Parson Weems tale about George Washington's honesty and the cherry tree).
4, 6) led to the identification of another ancient conserved domain that could be traced back to ancestral RNA polymerases.
For a particular subclade, JEvTrace can perform a parent or child trace, identifying the subclade specific conservation within a chain of parent or child subclades of a node (Figure 3a).
The FBI has been unable to trace back any donations to the Chinese government.
Another noteworthy museum on Calle Isabel is in Casa Serrallés: the Museum of Puerto Rican Music traces the complicated development of the island’s distinctive musical legacy, from Amerindian influences to the blending of Spanish colonial musical styles.
Here is Skeat fuming at a correspondent who had the gall to suggest that the origin of the Ox - in Oxford , long a bone of etymological contention, could be traced through Usk to a connection with Gaelic uisque `water,' as in uisquebaugh literally `water of life,' from which we get whiskey (etymologically speaking):
A most detailed and circumstantial account of its genesis, which more than a little impresses me, also traces its origin to the Torbay area and a comic, but not of the Grock variety.
Of the Hispanics living in these states, 64 percent (concentrated in the Southwest) trace their roots to Mexico; 15 percent (relatively evenly distributed) to Central and South America; 10 percent (concentrated in New York) to Puerto Rico, and 5 percent (concentrated in Florida) to Cuba.
The best detail I've encountered is from the Los Angeles Times , which traced a crucial piece of Furrow's AR-15 assault rifle to Bushmaster Firearms in Maine.
A trace of DNA on a murder weapon, for example, only demonstrates that the suspect touched it--not that he actually committed the crime.
The text says they are a favorite among criminals, but the stats go the other way: one box shows that SNSs only account for about 15 percent of all guns traced to crimes, and another shows that five of the nine models with the shortest time-in-existence-before-use-in-a-crime are not SNSs.
, royalties, sales of goods, or services); 3) tracing transactions handled with electronic money; and 4) identifying parties to transactions, and verifying records.
Rolling Stone 's cover story traces Stern's history from mediocre rock DJ to king of shock jocks.
Schama traces the history of women alienated by the crown: Anne Boleyn, Eleanor of Aquitaine, and Princess Caroline of Brunswick (who?)
Presumably, everyone in Washington is familiar with that picture; but since my correspondents obviously weren't, let me trace out the basics.
Nexis, the journalist's friend, allows us to trace the historical evolution of the term.
And yes, problems with paperwork made it difficult to trace the contaminated meat to its source.
These sites betray no trace of Heaven's Gate's weirdness.
Occasionally, we doctors find convincing evidence of abuse: cigarette burns, X-rays showing multiple fractures of varying age, bruises that trace the outline of a coat hanger, a stockinglike burn suggesting a foot plunged into and held down in hot liquid.
He flipped the sheet of paper over, rotated it 90 degrees, and traced the now-upright form of Tityus.
Banks' heart, it seems to me, is in the present: He is tracing the ancestry of contemporary black intellectuals to claim for them the title to a substantial tradition.
Note 6: Christopher Browning told me: "What's important about Finkelstein's critique is that he has traced the inconsistencies and contradictions in Goldhagen, and no one else has taken the time to do that.
The Wave: Generally traced to 1984 and the Seattle Kingdome, though some insist it dates to a 1983 University of Michigan football game.
The art historian Linda Nochlin has traced what she calls Degas' "perfectly ordinary" anti-Semitism to status anxiety.
But Staros is ultimately sent packing, and Malick never bothers to trace the effect of his action on the Guadalcanal operation.
Not that he has to around Theresa, who traces him through his stationery and shows up pretending that she's interested in boats.
She delivers this speech without a trace of irony.
"We've traced the call ...
A profile of Patricia Duff traces her career as a manipulative, self-destructive femme fatale . After she failed at three marriages and at attempts to leverage wealth and connections into a career as a political powerbroker, she wed Revlon CEO Ron Perelman.
In the big finale, as men and women in tiny swimsuits perform a nearly pornographic water ballet in a giant glass-walled tank, a row of topless showgirls roars onto the stage on Harley Davidsons while lasers trace American Icons--the Statue of Liberty, profiles of Washington and Lincoln, the flag-raising on Iwo Jima--onto the wings of the stage, and a 15-piece pit band plays Bruce Springsteen's "Born in the U.S.A." Greed, liquor, jingoism, bad taste, and utterly compelling entertainment.
Ruskin argues that posting the reports would allow citizens to trace patterns of influence.
These developments trace back to one Manhattan strip bar's attempt to avoid Rudy's wrath by admitting minors accompanied by adults.
That pronunciation can probably be traced to familial/regional roots, not to lazy mouth disease.
Professor Mellinkoff traces the verbosity of lawyers to the historical influences of primitive ritual, bilingual duplication, and payment by the word; certainly their Latin and French gave them a running start over competing professions.
Various other lists could have given the essential information about names based on words with meanings such as ford and wood . An index would have allowed names to be traced in alphabetical order.
Cockneys also used to call ten-shilling notes gennets , the origin of which I have been unable to trace.
Then Webster goes on to hint at the notoriety of the Tories by tracing the word Tory back to an Irish word meaning robber or bandit.
One of the most important wordplay books of the 20th century, it gives a name to letterplay and traces its evolution.
The silhouette for each individual pattern piece is generally traced or imprinted on a sheet of paper, which is called a “marker.”
The custom of offerings to saints goes back hundreds of years and can be traced to the Mediterranean among pre-Christian Greeks, Romans, and Iberians.
It is an ancient game that can be traced to medieval Spain, to a place called Zafra.
The United States has been less successful in persuading other countries to adopt financial regulations that would permit the tracing of financial transactions.
Like his nephew Ramzi Yousef (three years KSM's junior), KSM grew up in Kuwait but traces his ethnic lineage to the Baluchistan region straddling Iran and Pakistan.
These domains are widely distributed in all the 3 superkingdoms of life and can be traced back to the last ancestor of all life forms.
Neurite orientation was recorded by the macro by measuring the angle of the line traced over the neurite.The final measure of orientation for each neurite, the deviation from an orientation parallel to the longitudinal axis of the tract, is the acute angle between the neurite and the longitudinal axis of the tract without regard to the polarity of either.
The intervals between these pulses (interpulse intervals, or IPIs) have been shown to vary rhythmically with a period near one minute in D. melanogaster [ 19 20 ] . The trace shown in Figure 1eis taken from a digitized recording of the male courtship song, and such acoustical data have been subjected to still further kinds of time-series analysis [ 20 21 22 ] . Finally, at the highest frequency among these examples of periodic biological fluctuations, the heartbeat of the fruitfly exhibits a rhythm depicted in Figure 1f.
The sections were digitized by tracing the contours of the lumen, the internal elastic lamella, and the external elastic lamella.
In this sample both the RP-HPLC tracing and the ESI-MS analysis of the peaks corresponding to the drug and its metabolite confirm the presence of both in the serum.
, the tracing was still clear and without apparent change).
5, bottom trace) [ 19 20 21 ] .
While trace amounts were detected due to the sensitivity of PCR amplification, thrombospondin transcripts were essentially absent from breast tissue epithelia obtained from normal and benign specimens, and there were no appreciable levels detected in stromal tissue components.
The ancestry of different Tlr4 alleles can be traced by haplotype analysis, as many deviations from the reference allele occur in conjunction with one another.
These amino acids define a slightly larger and differently oriented surface epitope (Figure 2c) than in the JEvTrace subclade trace analysis (Figure 2b).
Of the algorithms provided in JEvTrace, the parent/child trace and subclade comparisons can be applied with as few as two sequences.
Alternatively, in the subclade trace algorithm, requiring user specification of a set of nodes, the defined nodes are algorithmically treated as a single partition.
This approach allowed us to use the sequence assembly software phrap [ 10], which provided an independent assembly of the raw trace data and an estimated error rate.
An anlage is defined as a morphologically indistinct group of contiguous cells, established by lineage tracing, that gives rise to an individual organ.
Similarly, one organization's central group was instrumental in acquiring a strong user authentication system to help ensure that network use could be reliably traced to the individual users.
On the other hand, if you are more concerned that ineligible cases have been included in the database and that as a result, the potential problems may be understated, you should consider tracing from the database back to source documents.
To trace a sample to source documents, match the entered data with the corresponding data in the source documents.
Such tracing may be appropriate to determine whether all data are completely entered.
COMMON COST - The cost of resources employed jointly in the production of two or more outputs and the cost cannot be directly traced to any one of those outputs.
Justice Cynthia Kinser of the Virginia Supreme Court, keynote speaker for the celebration, said the concept of legal aid can be traced back to wording in England's Magna Carta, but the first version in this country was an 1876 program in New York to help German immigrants.
The position of Bishop of Rome as primate of the Western Church (pope derived from “papa,” the Latin word for father), first claimed in the second century, was later asserted by Pope Leo I (440–461), who traced the succession back to St. Peter.
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age, trace the history of the Easter Rising, or revisit Leopold Bloom’s odyssey in Ulysses.
Medieval penitents traced its path on hands and knees, from the circumference to the center, a symbolic spiritual journey.
Some 500, mostly ruins, can still be traced, but only 30 are visitable.
Away from the center, you can trace the town’s ancient beginnings in the Etruscan Guarnacci Museum (Via Don Minzoni, 15).
You can explore the central area of East Jerusalem’s modern business district, on Saladin Street, by tracing your steps back to the Old City Walls and Herod’s Gate.
The museum traces the dockyards’ 200-year history, displaying naval instruments, weapons, and some superb ship models from sail to steam, including the Aquitania ocean liner.
Visit the barracks, crime laboratories, and Centennial Museum, which traces Mountie history from the first clashes with gold-rush panhandlers to wartime reconnaissance and latter-day counter-espionage.
Unrestrained ocean waves and salty sea spray have wrecked huge chunks of the Malecón, the sumptuous promenade and roadway that traces the edge of the sea.
Previous studies have shown that truncation of the highly acidic carboxy-region BRCT resulted in resistance to caspase induced apoptosis [ 17 ] . Further, this failure of apoptosis was <b>traced</b> specifically to caspase 8 and the Fas/FasL pathway.
Many can be <b>traced</b> far back into the islands’ history.
Ancient Egypt’s complicated annals are filled with massive communal building projects and great individuals <b>traced</b> through many millennia.
But to <b>trace</b> the lineage of Raising the Roof, one must understand the history of the sports gesture itself.
The ancient legend of La Llorona has been <b>traced</b> to pre-Columbian times in Mexico, and there is continuing discussion whether it may also have medieval European origins.
You’ll find that the Old City’s myriad colours, sounds, smells, and tastes stir the senses; the Temple Mount’s architecture can take your breath away; pilgrims <b>tracing</b> Christ’s journey to Calvary along the Via Dolorosa remain a deeply moving sight; and the views from the Mount of Olives are stunning.
Fur-trading coureurs de bois settled down with Indian wives, and today more than a few Québécois proudly <b>trace</b> their ancestry back to native peoples with a tell-tale birthmark on the hip, high cheekbones, or long sleek black hair.
Well, the USDA said this was a big deal because 1) Hudson was "reworking" past days' meat into current production and 2) Hudson's record-keeping was so sloppy that the contamination couldn't be <b>traced</b> back to the real source--one of half a dozen slaughterhouses.
Vestiges of the village’s former grandeur can still be <b>traced</b> along the front, where grand old buildings jostle uncomfortably with high-rise blocks.
Another set of experiences that would affect the capacity of the CIA to cope with the new terrorism <b>traced</b> back to the early Cold War, when the Agency developed a concern, bordering on paranoia, about penetration by the Soviet KGB.
The monastery’s museum <b>traces</b> the kingdom of Naples’ long history in costumes, sculpture, paintings, and prints.
In a similar vein, the National Aviation Museum at Rockcliffe Airport <b>traces</b> the history of aviation through the early flying machines, bi- and triplanes, and the great fighters of two world wars.
On the east coast in Terengganu and Kelantan, the weaving and metalwork still practiced today <b>trace</b> their origins to this early colonization.
On the other hand, if you are more concerned that ineligible cases have been included in the database and that as a result, the potential problems may be understated, you should consider <b>tracing</b> from the database back to source documents.
Today, a detailed map and portable sound-guides rented at the entrance (on the Via dei Fori Imperiali) will make sense of the apparent confusion and help you <b>trace</b> the layout of palaces, temples, and market halls.
These sites betray no <b>trace</b> of Heaven's Gate's weirdness.
Just around the corner and up a curving alleyway of vendors, the Great Mosque (Qingzhensi) <b>traces</b> its history to a.d. 742.
See the introductory film and then look at the 25 exhibits that <b>trace</b> the career of John F. Kennedy using rare film and television footage, documents, and personal memorabilia.
An anlage is defined as a morphologically indistinct group of contiguous cells, established by lineage <b>tracing</b>, that gives rise to an individual organ.
And there isn't a <b>trace</b> of irony in the skinny, frazzled Adams, who's as raw as a newly birthed gazelle.
A range of additional steps to further determine data reliability includes <b>tracing</b> to and from source documents, using advanced electronic testing, and reviewing selected system controls.
This made it possible to <b>trace</b> the origin of micropodia and ultramicroextensions.
Schama <b>traces</b> the history of women alienated by the crown: Anne Boleyn, Eleanor of Aquitaine, and Princess Caroline of Brunswick (who?)
These domains are widely distributed in all the 3 superkingdoms of life and can be <b>traced</b> back to the last ancestor of all life forms.
11 East Asian Trade: Many <b>trace</b> the dive to economic slumps in Malaysia, Thailand, the Philippines, and Indonesia--which together buy 4 percent of all American exports.
<b>traces</b> the word from an episode of the comic strip “Buck Rogers in the 25th Century” written by Philip Francis Nowlan in 1929--“Ahead of me was one of those golden dragon Mongols, with a deadly disintegrator ray.
The slowest decay components of the positive 400-nm signal and the negative 500-nm signal follow similar kinetics, although the amplitudes of these components differ by a factor of 3. At pH 9.5, the 580 nm <b>trace</b> has no significant positive values indicative of an O-like intermediate, although, in agreement with earlier measurements [ 1 ] , at lower pH values a red-shifted transient is the predominant positive absorbance signal (data not shown).
No crude prongs hold up these stones, but rather, a precise silvery <b>tracing</b> that sets off the diamond and emphasizes the interlaced design of the brooch while hiding its construction.
The residues not identified by subclade <b>trace</b> analysis but appearing in the subclade comparison are responsible for a finer level of molecular specificity.
Coulmas's clear exposition of the history of writing systems <b>traces</b> the development of various kinds of writing systems--ideographic, pictographic, morphemic, syllabic, phonemic, and phonetic--through history, discussing them individually, describing how certain ancient scripts were deciphered, and presenting his cogent arguments for regarding at least some aspects of language through the analysis of writing.
Justice Cynthia Kinser of the Virginia Supreme Court, keynote speaker for the celebration, said the concept of legal aid can be <b>traced</b> back to wording in England's Magna Carta, but the first version in this country was an 1876 program in New York to help German immigrants.
This ubiquitous expression of EYFP or ECFP was heritably transmitted to the following generations (data not shown), resulting in ubiquitously expressing lines of mice that will be useful for lineage <b>tracing</b> in chimeric mice or embryos, analogous to the original ROSA26 lacZ promoter trap strain [ 21].
The model we have today can be <b>traced</b> all the way back to the early 1970s (back to the Trueblood Committee).
When I first read [in XX, 3, BIBLIOGRAPHIA that A Dictionary of American Proverbs contains data on the recording of the proverbs and that it contains historical information on earliest appearances: for example, Money is the root of all evil is <b>traced</b> to Aelfric's Homilies (c. 1000), I assumed that the original statement, The love of money is the root of all evil, was not being <b>traced</b> back there.
The sequence <b>traces</b> used in these assemblies are available from the GenBank <b>trace</b> repository and Release 3 offers a high-quality sequence for comparison, providing an important resource for testing new WGS assembly algorithms.
Occasionally, we doctors find convincing evidence of abuse: cigarette burns, X-rays showing multiple fractures of varying age, bruises that <b>trace</b> the outline of a coat hanger, a stockinglike burn suggesting a foot plunged into and held down in hot liquid.
A most detailed and circumstantial account of its genesis, which more than a little impresses me, also <b>traces</b> its origin to the Torbay area and a comic, but not of the Grock variety.
A <b>trace</b> of childish innocence in his face gives the lanky Bethlehem lawyer a Jimmy Stewart-like quality of quiet trust.
In deciding what and how to <b>trace</b>, consider the relative risks to the engagement of overstating or understating the conclusions drawn from the data, for example: On the one hand, if you are particularly concerned that questionable cases might not have been entered into the computer system and that as a result, the degree of compliance may be overstated, you should consider <b>tracing</b> from source documents to the database.
In addition, his over-the-shoulder carry-on bag was swiped by an explosive <b>trace</b> detector and then passed.
MX generated the null mutation, bred all the mice used for this study and generated the statistical data and the immunocytochemical data with MyoVII, AM conducted the tract <b>tracing</b> studies of cochlear afferents and helped with the histological analysis and assembly of image plates, UP carried out the in situ hybridization for neurotrophins and assembled the plates for these data, BF wrote the manuscript, carried out most of the neuronal <b>tracing</b> and immunocytochemistry for acetylated tubulin and data presentation.
Gaelic was the mother tongue in Wigtownshire for twelve centuries, but little <b>trace</b> of it remains in the spoken language today.
Paleoanthropologists examining the skull have <b>traced</b> its origins to Indonesia and presume it to be that of a Homo erectus.
By focusing on a period in which levels of competition were stable and where the change in the nature of competition can be <b>traced</b> to a specific legislative act, this study is able to test for the differential impact of price vs. quality competition, without confounding by other factors.
COMMON COST - The cost of resources employed jointly in the production of two or more outputs and the cost cannot be directly <b>traced</b> to any one of those outputs.
Good acting by Ann Bancroft in Deep in My Heart ( Sunday , 9 p.m.), which <b>traces</b> the odyssey of the mulatto daughter of a white rape victim, but who cares?
The second is a version printed in a 1940 History of the USSR , looking less like a photograph than like an awkward charcoal <b>tracing</b>; the comrade on the left has been excised, having in fact been imprisoned prior to being shot.
While Steely Dan and Frank Zappa strike me as tributaries pretty distant from the mainstream Miller was trying to trace, I think you're correctly suspicious of disco's absence--and not just as a high-point of decadence.
And I trace that false banana to the Nature's Plus Spiru-tein High Protein Energy Meal Banana Yogurt Coated Bar, which, although it ranked decently in terms of taste and texture going down, was no treat during the run.
In 1946, William Fielding Ogburn, the leading sociologist of social change, wrote a sober book, The Social Effects of Aviation , in which he sought to trace out the possible impact of airplanes for the remainder of the century.
In addition, some countries impose quotas on content such as books, movies, music, and software from abroad, but the origin of that content can be tough to trace in the thin air of cyberspace.
The three newsmagazines reconstruct the Heaven's Gate suicide, trace the cult's history, and link it to burgeoning New Age spiritualism.
The Standard traces the history of the Promise Keepers in a long article.
Carbon-dating traced the remains of Kennewick Man to between 7265 and 7535 B.C.
Much of this kind of behavior can be traced back to what Richard Hofstadter famously described as the "paranoid style" of the American Right.
What Cassidy in fact did in his article was to trace a line of influence between one of Arthur's early articles and the current claims of the Department of Justice against Microsoft.
The "MMF Hall of Humiliation" Web site traces the "Make Money Fast" chains to their origins and lists addresses and phones of the alleged originators, requesting that you spam them.
Clinton traced this tradition to Thomas Jefferson and called it "the fundamental story of our country."
Darger produced a lot of his little-girl pictures by tracing comic strips or magazine illustrations (on occasion he cut pictures out and stuck them on the paintings directly).
The editors, New York University's Catharine Stimpson and independent scholar Harriet Chessman, have done a perfectly fresh job assembling both canonical and neglected pieces to trace the evolution of this oddest of minds.
Stop tracing everything backward, looking always to the past for sources, explanations, and excuses."
The second is a version printed in a 1940 History of the USSR , looking less like a photograph than like an awkward charcoal tracing; the comrade on the left has been excised, having in fact been imprisoned prior to being shot.
Vampirism may be traced to the disease porphyria, which causes sunlight-averse skin, retracted gums, and red urine--leading to the blood-drinking myth.
"This newspaper tried to trace these documents in Moscow, but failed to find them in the government, the Security Council, the Federal Security Service, or the Foreign Ministry.
Jackson rejects their previous ads: "The campaign was grounded in the two core teen values of action and sociability, but was initially focused on the intensity more than the sociability," he says without a trace of embarrassment.
While sports analysts compared his greatness on the field with that of Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig, commentators traced his celebrity to his courteous, humble, all-American, son-of-immigrants personality.
The company traced the problem to a preservative used on shipping pallets and a bad batch of carbon dioxide, neither of which presents a serious health threat.
A piece blasts environmentalists for ginning up controversy over "endocrine disrupters," man-made chemicals that allegedly disrupt human reproduction even in trace amounts.
An article traces the similarities between Edmund Morris' Dutch and a 1994 short story by Daniel Voll.
Bradley won the high ground on campaign reform by offering a comprehensive reform plan while teaming up with John McCain against a fund-raising system whose corruption McCain helpfully traced to the Clinton-Gore White House.
Good acting by Ann Bancroft in Deep in My Heart ( Sunday , 9 p.m.), which traces the odyssey of the mulatto daughter of a white rape victim, but who cares?
The poet William Cowper once wrote “philologists who trace/A panting syllable through time and space,/Start it at home, and hunt it in the dark/To Gaul, to Greece, and into Noah's ark.”
In the same piece, he traces savvy to Portuguese, which might be correct, but Mencken's American Language derives it from the Spanish sabe . Professor Kaye's nuance word is, at a guess, a suggestion from a word-processor's spelling checker which was derailed by nonce word .
.. rouat , or the cacophonous: chuchbachuch bauachuch bakaxichuch bazabachuch bachaxichuch bazetophoth bainchoooch . (Psycholinguists like F. Trojan even trace relationships between word sounds and word meanings, the deep, dark vowels like o and u having an awesome, threatening, secretive nature on the one hand, and on the other the lighter ones like e and i often referring to the gentler, pleasanter things--whether in Indo-European or Chinese phonetics.)
When I first read [in XX, 3, BIBLIOGRAPHIA that A Dictionary of American Proverbs contains data on the recording of the proverbs and that it contains historical information on earliest appearances: for example, Money is the root of all evil is traced to Aelfric's Homilies (c. 1000), I assumed that the original statement, The love of money is the root of all evil, was not being traced back there.
Gaelic was the mother tongue in Wigtownshire for twelve centuries, but little trace of it remains in the spoken language today.
The best explanation for the name Beatles can be traced directly to the music that influenced Lennon, McCartney, Harrison, and Sutcliffe at the time and to their music idol, Buddy Holly.
Such quality is difficult to achieve with hand layout and manual tracing of the silhouette onto the marker cloth.
Joseph Henry Jackson’s work traces the history of the legend, claiming all the information came from the John Rollin Ridge version and that he should be credited with starting the “fictitious” legend.
My account seeks to unite the divergent strains of all religions that trace their roots to the original idea in Exodus of a nation living under God and under law.
In addition, his over-the-shoulder carry-on bag was swiped by an explosive trace detector and then passed.
In this chapter, we trace the parallel evolution of government efforts to counter terrorism by Islamic extremists against the United States.
The alignment itself is recovered by tracing the individual optimal steps backwards through the matrix, starting from cell ( N,M ). The algorithm is O(NM) in both time and memory.
Threshold cycle for each trace was measured at the point where the trace crossed the threshold value.
The spatial extent of the tract was marked by tracing around the perimeter of the visible tract using the polygon tool.
The central projection of DiI and DiA traces fibers to the cochlear nuclei (Fig.
In contrast, radial columns of elongated fiber cells of uniform size and shape containing ball and socket interdigitations were observed in the posterior subcapsular region in 5 wk (Figure 4I), 46 wk (Figure 4L) and 72 wk (data not shown) wild type lenses, and fiber cells in contact with the posterior capsule could be traced back to the equatorial bow region and anterior epithelium.
2Bis indicated by the arrow in the trace of integrated fluorescence at +30 mV.
The same experimental protocol was employed for evaluation of ethidium uptake (Fig 3, lower panel ). Again, MTX-induced uptake of ethidium was biphasic in the absence of U73343 ( trace a ). Addition of the U-compound shortly after MTX (i.e.
By focusing on a period in which levels of competition were stable and where the change in the nature of competition can be traced to a specific legislative act, this study is able to test for the differential impact of price vs. quality competition, without confounding by other factors.
The interpretation of an EEG tracing involves the quantification of signal strength and recognition of patterns [ 2].
Regions with no trace of gene order conservation are not rare, even between closely related organisms.
The residues not identified by subclade trace analysis but appearing in the subclade comparison are responsible for a finer level of molecular specificity.
The partition trace and subclade trace require more than a pair of subclades, and benefit non-linearly from larger amounts of data.
The subclade trace does not require partitions, and is therefore independent of the topology of the phylogeny.
Thus, apart from filling gaps and improving sequence quality, we were able to compare two independent assemblies of the same trace data.
A failure rate of 25% is typical for high-throughput sequencing and resulted from poor overall trace quality (~21% of all reads), missing insert (~0.
However, one point is clear based on our study-the basic or root causes of improper payments can typically be traced to a lack of or breakdown in internal control.
The reason to trace only a sample is because sampling saves time and cost.
But in attempting to trace entered data back to source documents, several problems can arise: Source documents may not be available because they were destroyed, were never created, or are not centrally located.
The error rate, in tracing to or from source documents, did not compromise reliability.
There are three methods of cost assignment: (a) directly tracing costs wherever economically feasible, (b) cause-and-effect, and (c) allocating costs on a reasonable and consistent basis.
A step beyond this issue is the question of tracking and tracing.
Before you dismiss all this as the mere “myth” of Japan’s origins, remember that the Japanese continued to trace the imperial dynasty directly back to those deities until Emperor Hirohito in 1946 denounced “the false conception that the emperor is divine. ”
Brahmins, the priestly caste, fill many of the top posts in the universities and administration; many Indian Army officers can trace their ancestry to the proud Kshatriya warrior caste; business is dominated by the merchant or Vaishya caste; and Shudras till the land.
While you are in the Jura, take the time to trace the Loue river and its tributary, the Lison, back to their cascading sources through the landscapes that inspired so many of Courbet’s paintings.
Archaeologists can trace their origins to the builders of the first cities, Harappa and Mohenjodaro, in the Indus valley.
Today, its factories and shops are an undeniable tourist trap, but the museum (Museo Vetrario) tracing the glass industry back to Roman times is worth a look.
The knee-high walls that trace the outline of this once luxury establishment are still clearly visible.
Scores of lighthouses along Nova Scotia’s south shore trace a sawtoothed route of coves that over the ages offered shelter to pirates, rum-runners, and fishermen.
Columbus’s routes and Canarian connections may be traced at the atmospheric Casa de Colón in Las Palmas (see page 55).
Havana’s suburbs are sprawling and grimy, but they contain a couple of places associated with Ernest Hemingway that are magnets for those seeking to trace the Nobel Prize winner’s life in Cuba.
A 1996 study commissioned by the FAA analyzed a decade's worth of inflight instrument-malfunction reports and could not trace a single incident to a cell phone.
The Post reports that Chinese diagrams of a miniaturized nuclear warhead--the W88, designed by America--contain a telltale measurement error that can be traced back to several weapons manufacterers in the U.S.
The LAT reports on its front page that President Clinton announced yesterday that Los Angeles will be added to a computerized law enforcement tracking system that helps cops catch illegal gun traffickers by tracing guns sold to juveniles.
11 East Asian Trade: Many trace the dive to economic slumps in Malaysia, Thailand, the Philippines, and Indonesia--which together buy 4 percent of all American exports.
VF traces Andrew Cunanan's bloody trail from San Diego to Minneapolis to Chicago to Miami.
(He traces the lives of eight student leaders, including Washington, D.C., Mayor Marion Barry and Georgia Rep.
No one has yet traced these abuses to the president himself.
Well, the USDA said this was a big deal because 1) Hudson was "reworking" past days' meat into current production and 2) Hudson's record-keeping was so sloppy that the contamination couldn't be traced back to the real source--one of half a dozen slaughterhouses.
Many Jews find a trace of their roots in Israel.
Yet, in public discussion of youthful suicide, we're often unwilling to trace it to such causes and try to place blame elsewhere--on television, music, movies.
To produce his bizarre painting The Courtesan (1887), van Gogh enlarged the traced image, replaced the subdued blacks and grays of the kimono with bright complementary reds and greens, and added a fantasy Japanese background of storks and frogs borrowed from other Japanese prints.
They trace the web of conversations that brought their ideas to the office of Bob Taylor, Licklider's successor.
But each moment remains significant only as it traces the trajectory of his spiritual deterioration.
But to trace the lineage of Raising the Roof, one must understand the history of the sports gesture itself.
Seth Stevenson's "Signs and Wonders" incorrectly traces the lineage of "Raising the Roof."
An article traces a family of impassioned Albanian gun-running fighters from Brooklyn, N.Y., to Kosovo, where they support the rebel Kosovo Liberation Army against Serbian oppression.
2) By tracing the virus's journey from chimps to humans, we can learn how to recognize dangerous viruses earlier and prevent another HIV-type epidemic.
A sidebar traces political attitudes toward women's bodies, from Margaret Sanger to ...
"A step-by-step guide to vanishing without a trace."
The company traced the problem to a preservative used on shipping pallets and a bad batch of carbon dioxide, neither of which presents a serious health threat.
Paleoanthropologists examining the skull have traced its origins to Indonesia and presume it to be that of a Homo erectus.
It didn't take long to trace the sudden interest in Twain's bovine toilette to the Nov. 2 edition of London's Daily Telegraph . The Star 's Carolyn Callahan was apparently so enamored of the interview Twain gave to the Telegraph that she tried to replicate it exactly: The first five quotes from Twain in her piece are identical to those in reporter Judith Woods' original, although Woods and the Telegraph are never mentioned.
… An article weighs David Hockney's ingenious theory that Ingres and Caravaggio used refracting technology to trace the outlines of their subjects.
The name has been traced back as far as 1814, and one theory is that it was the local term for a junction of two roads.
Thus evolution of meanings assumed by strain can be easily traced.
It is good to have the name traced back through the different languages to its Hebrew original; but the inclusion of just two literary Susans (out of what must be hundreds) tells us little, except perhaps that the name was already in general English use in the early 17th century.
A writer of dictionaries; a harmless drudge, that busies himself in tracing the original, and detailing the signification of words.
Hendrickson cannot be held accountable for failing to trace many of the expressions to their source: even though many are not much more than a hundred years old, there is no way to document them.
He has witnessed it evolve through the work of many people, he has written many articles about it himself, and now he has traced its development with the precise logic of a chessmaster of language.
Most of the preceding commentary has nothing whatsoever to do with the substance of Nineteenth-Century English, which traces the spread, growth, and increasing universality of the English language during that period.
The song actually goes back to early Mexican colonial history; it has been traced to 1790 when it was performed at the Coliseo Theatre in Mexico City.
The use of public walls for asserting a fraternal identity is really an ancient tradition, and within Chicano culture it can be traced back to at least the 1930s.
The difficulty, understood later, was that even if the intelligence community might "link" someone to a terrorist group through acquaintances or communications, the task of tracing the money from that individual to the terrorist group, or otherwise showing complicity, was far more difficult.
Participants noted that while the FBI had been given additional resources for such efforts, both it and the CIA were having problems exploiting leads by tracing U.S. telephone numbers and translating documents obtained in cell disruptions abroad.
This ubiquitous expression of EYFP or ECFP was heritably transmitted to the following generations (data not shown), resulting in ubiquitously expressing lines of mice that will be useful for lineage tracing in chimeric mice or embryos, analogous to the original ROSA26 lacZ promoter trap strain [ 21].
A contour was then traced around the perimeter of the crushed region, as assessed by its increased optical density, using the polygon tool provided by NIH Image.
Neurite orientation was defined as the angle of the line traced over the neurite.
First, the integrated response during stimulation calculated as the surface area under the trace and expressed in arbitrary units.
In Equation 1, ƒ represents the image, G is a 2D Gaussian filleting operation, and the second directional derivative is taken along the normal vector n . Using this edge-detected image, the boundary was traced and the angles of its curvature recorded, as shown in Figure 2.
In many preparations, after obtaining a clear laser diffraction pattern at rest, the tracing was lost during the contractions.
The positive 400 nm trace in fig.
For extremely robust osteoclast cultures, manual tracing and digital quantitation of a photographed osteoclast area was the best measure due to extensive fusion and multinucleation between cells (Fig.
In one case, P&PD with the bed was associated with multi-focal premature ventricular contractions and 'whip' artefact on the pulmonary artery pressure tracing.
JEvTrace subclade trace analysis was performed on all the subclades of this family ranging from 28% to 53% sequence identity (Figure 2a).
JEvTrace parent trace analysis, which relies on tracing the conservation of the progenitor sequences of a single selected node (Figure 3a), identified a number of neutral polar and hydrophobic amino acids conserved in the YbaK subclade on the conserved lysine face of YbaK (Figure 3a, top).
The partition trace variation of the ET method assigns nodes from the tree to a defined partition of the phylogeny.
We call this variation of the ET method a parent (or child) trace, and it is especially useful for families with few subclades and cases of highly speciated specificity.
7 Mb of the Drosophila genome, using an improved assembly algorithm and the same trace data used for Release 1. A high-quality sequence of 116.
Nitrogen saturation of watersheds contributes to environmental problems such as reduced drinking water quality, nitrateinduced toxic effects on freshwater organisms, increased soil acidification and aluminum mobility, increased emissions from soil of nitrogenous greenhouse trace gases, reduction of methane consumption in soil, and forest decline and reduced productivity.
In deciding what and how to trace, consider the relative risks to the engagement of overstating or understating the conclusions drawn from the data, for example: On the one hand, if you are particularly concerned that questionable cases might not have been entered into the computer system and that as a result, the degree of compliance may be overstated, you should consider tracing from source documents to the database.
Consider tracing to source documents when (1) the source documents are available relatively easily or (2) the possible magnitude of errors is especially critical.
To trace a sample from source documents, match the source documents with the entered data.
A trace of childish innocence in his face gives the lanky Bethlehem lawyer a Jimmy Stewart-like quality of quiet trust.
Ancient Egypt’s complicated annals are filled with massive communal building projects and great individuals traced through many millennia.
On the east coast in Terengganu and Kelantan, the weaving and metalwork still practiced today trace their origins to this early colonization.
The consulting service of the office of Ireland’s Chief Herald will help you trace your own ancestry, and if you have a couple of thousand pounds to spare, you can apply for a grant of arms.
Macau’s oldest museum, the Maritime Museum (Wednesday–Monday 10am–5:30pm; admission HK$10, HK$5 children over 10) traces the history of Macau’s connection to the sea.
Today, a detailed map and portable sound-guides rented at the entrance (on the Via dei Fori Imperiali) will make sense of the apparent confusion and help you trace the layout of palaces, temples, and market halls.
Asakusa is the heart of Shitamachi, the quarter best-beloved of that fractious, gossipy, prodigal population called the Edokko, who trace their “downtown” roots back at least three generations.
Fur-trading coureurs de bois settled down with Indian wives, and today more than a few Québécois proudly trace their ancestry back to native peoples with a tell-tale birthmark on the hip, high cheekbones, or long sleek black hair.
Excellent explanatory panels trace the growth of these majestic trees.
Many can be traced far back into the islands’ history.
The Museo Arqueológico de la Costa Grande, located near the eastern end of Paseo del Pescador, traces the history of this area from pre-Hispanic times, when the place was known as Zihuatlán, through the colonial era.
Earlier in the week, the paper (and others) ran a glorious photo of President Clinton following through on a swing, his cheeks inflated Dizzy Gillespie-style, eyes intently tracing the ball's path.
You suggest they destroyed all trace of the affair, by mutual decision.
The writer traces Fidel Castro's behavior through a sordid four-and-a-half year international tug-of-war for his own son.
Some historians trace Palestinian landlessness to Palestine's entry into the world economy in the 1880s.
VF traces Andrew Cunanan's bloody trail from San Diego to Minneapolis to Chicago to Miami.
An article traces a promising development in the search for an AIDS cure.
A "Tangled Web" column by Slate 's Seth Stevenson traces the path of the story from Drudge, to the Internet as a whole, to television--and only then to the newspapers.
But over the course of a generation, activists and bureaucrats have manufactured a single race out of a diverse mass of several million people whose origins can be traced to dozens of countries.
Last fall, Morris gave an interview to the Door , the world's funniest evangelical humor magazine, in which he traced the arc of this sort of spiritual/professional recovery.
(The two dailies don't trace the story back to the Drudge Report .) CNN goes to Defcon1, with constant updates, and so do the wire services.
There are only two works on paper in the show: an image of a geisha derived from a Japanese woodblock print on the cover of Paris Illustré of 1886, and van Gogh's virtuoso tracing of its outlines.
Still life, that most humble of the classical genres, traces its origins to a legendary painting contest.
Out of sight at the back, the grainy tracing around the stones is held up on a continuous gallery of supports rising from another tracery that lies against the body.
In attempting to "walk back the cat" (to use the increasingly prevalent argot of the intelligence services for tracing a chain of events backward to establish a point of origin), I have found yadda - yadda - yadda strands in episodes of Seinfeld and Home Improvement . The most compelling manifestation, though, is in an advertisement for Converse athletic shoes featuring images of Kevin Johnson of the Phoenix Suns that was aired on national television during last spring's basketball championships:
I trace my lineage back to Joseph, Solomon, the Delphic Oracle, Cassandra, Adam Smith, and Benjamin Franklin.
And since we can't trace the paternity of her other children because there are no male descendants, the likelihood that the paternity was from other men is as likely as any other possible answer, now that we know that she had her first child by a non-Jefferson family member, i.e., that she had children by at least two different men from different families.
Scientists say they have found the source of HIV . They traced HIV-1, the virus that has caused most of the AIDS epidemic, to a related virus carried by an African chimpanzee subspecies.
While sports analysts compared his greatness on the field to that of Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig, commentators traced his celebrity to his courteous, humble, all-American, son-of-immigrants personality.
But reviving Shylock--without a trace of historical awareness--to amuse uncomprehending children seems obviously vicious rather than funny.
Director François Girard ( Thirty-Two Short Films About Glenn Gould ) hits the musical theme again in this "odd, piquant tale" (Lisa Schwarzbaum, Entertainment Weekly ) that traces the peregrinations of a priceless 17 th -century violin.
A book excerpt traces the roots of the SAT.
In Dequenne, the filmmakers have found a somewhat lumpen girl with just a trace of prettiness, especially when she opens her eyes and lets the world see in.
… The issue is packed with remarkable historical tidbits: One article traces the rise of total war to Napoleon's conquest of Zaragoza.
arc-jet engine media mix ductibility Bering time memory electro- bitch box trace hydraulics bodyclothes new issue fluidonics broken home offtrack bet- fluoridizer Colourpoint ting incapacitator Longhair pump jockey Mosleyite computerized mysterium aerial to- rap session oceanologic, mography slack-fill adj.
Coulmas's clear exposition of the history of writing systems traces the development of various kinds of writing systems--ideographic, pictographic, morphemic, syllabic, phonemic, and phonetic--through history, discussing them individually, describing how certain ancient scripts were deciphered, and presenting his cogent arguments for regarding at least some aspects of language through the analysis of writing.
In an issue of N. & Q . not two weeks later, in commenting on a correspondent's plea for help in tracing the form irpe , Skeat wrote:
An interesting consequence of this aboriginal foundness for nicknaming is that several of the oldest and best-known Indian team names can trace their deepest roots--and in some cases their actual origins--to the exploits and linguistic customs of Native Americans themselves.
I supposed that since the quote is given as Money is the root of all evil, the editors of the Dictionary were tracing back the American misquotation-as-proverb that one usually hears.
There is even a trace of this tendency in American English: Hit hain't like 'im.
Where the Beatles got Silver from is harder to trace.
Markers are made by hand, tracing pattern pieces onto sheets of paper from thick, pre-cut cardboard pattern elements.
It is a well-known symbol among Chicanos and has been traced to the era of the pachucos (1940s urban youth), hence its name.
The mid-nineteenth century was a time in which the nations of the West, tracing their lineage to common linguistic and historical roots, built political movements grounded in a shared national identity.
The FBI told us they found no trace of explosives at the crash sites.
Another set of experiences that would affect the capacity of the CIA to cope with the new terrorism traced back to the early Cold War, when the Agency developed a concern, bordering on paranoia, about penetration by the Soviet KGB.
In normal PBMC only trace amounts of both genes were identified, but after activation by PHA and IL2 only granzyme B was up-regulated.
The traced longitudinal axis as well as both rectangular regions drawn over the uncrushed segments were recorded by the macro program.
Neurite length was assessed by tracing the neurite using the straight-line tool in NIH Image.
DiI tracing from the brainstem was performed as previously described [ 41 ] . Small filter stripes soaked with saturated DiI were implanted into the efferent fiber bundle near the floor plate or into the ascending or descending afferents in the alar plate [ 42 ] . After appropriate diffusion time of the dye, the ears were dissected and mounted flat for visualization in an epifluorescent microscope.
Stools were positive for leukocytes and trace reducing substances.
This procedure was repeated using 100 μL of 1.52 mM norepinephrine (in saline solution), and the arterial trace recorded.
The slowest decay components of the positive 400-nm signal and the negative 500-nm signal follow similar kinetics, although the amplitudes of these components differ by a factor of 3. At pH 9.5, the 580 nm trace has no significant positive values indicative of an O-like intermediate, although, in agreement with earlier measurements [ 1 ] , at lower pH values a red-shifted transient is the predominant positive absorbance signal (data not shown).
Note that the Table 1also summarizes the data with respect to ERα expression showing either strong expression of ERα protein (PT1 and PT2) or only traces (PT3 and PT4).
Different classifications and combinations of sedatives, analgesics or antipsychotics can be tried until the combination that brings about the most appropriately calm cerebral function tracing is discovered.
We were interested in identifying other such functionally versatile β-rich folds that could be traced back to the early stages of life's evolution.
JEvTrace parent trace analysis, which relies on tracing the conservation of the progenitor sequences of a single selected node (Figure 3a), identified a number of neutral polar and hydrophobic amino acids conserved in the YbaK subclade on the conserved lysine face of YbaK (Figure 3a, top).
The partition trace and subclade trace require more than a pair of subclades, and benefit non-linearly from larger amounts of data.
JEvTrace also provides the ability to perform a single subclade trace.
The sequence traces used in these assemblies are available from the GenBank trace repository and Release 3 offers a high-quality sequence for comparison, providing an important resource for testing new WGS assembly algorithms.
In fibroblasts alone, a trace of MMP-1 was occasionally detectable.
In deciding what and how to trace, consider the relative risks to the engagement of overstating or understating the conclusions drawn from the data, for example: On the one hand, if you are particularly concerned that questionable cases might not have been entered into the computer system and that as a result, the degree of compliance may be overstated, you should consider tracing from source documents to the database.
In this case, the error could be caught, not by electronic testing, but only by tracing the data to source documents.
Consider tracing from source documents, instead of or in addition to tracing a sample to source documents, when you have concerns that the data are not complete.
For example, we have traced the management problems of many federal agencies to organizational structures that are obsolete and inadequate to modern demands.
Direct costs are assigned to activities by direct tracing of units of resources consumed by individual activities.
Britain’s political and economic connections to Madeira can be traced to the 17th century.
Madrid’s diverse architecture, while not the equal of a Paris or London, traces the city’s stages of expansion and prevailing styles of the different eras.
If a trace of tropical lethargy still adds to the charm in this city of sidewalk cafés, palm trees, and pedicabs, any torpor definitely ends once inside the doors of Macau’s casinos, scene of some of the liveliest gambling west of Las Vegas.
The “little town of Bethlehem” is a Palestinian settlement where Christians worship and Jews trace the line of David.
The monastery’s museum traces the kingdom of Naples’ long history in costumes, sculpture, paintings, and prints.
In a similar vein, the National Aviation Museum at Rockcliffe Airport traces the history of aviation through the early flying machines, bi- and triplanes, and the great fighters of two world wars.
The Maritime Museum traces the history of the Pacific port.
The roots of the sport are hard to trace.
The central keep sits on the highest ground and houses an interesting Museu Militar, tracing the course of Portuguese military concerns from prehistoric times right through to the colonial wars of the 1970s.
