a chemical used for the purification of rough diamonds and precious stones.
my company will be sending our representative to Asia to purchase this chemical and i don't want them to go directly to the agent because of the price which i have quoted to them for this will cause a conflict of interest and i stand the risk of losing my job that is the more reason i need a middle person in this transaction(the person am supposed to use as middle man is not buoyant).
Now that I know My time is near I have been touched by God to donate from what I have Inherited from my late husband for the good work of God, rather than Allow my relatives to use my husband hard earned funds ungodly.
I pray that God uses you to support and assist me with good heart Please pray that the good Lord forgive me my sins.
My doctors told me I will not live longer than some weeks because of my health I decided to WILL/ DONATE the sum of 4.5 Million to you since I don't have a child rather than allowing my late husband's relatives that compare for his death to use my late husband hard earned funds ungodly.
I can't predict what will be my fate by the time you will receive the funds, But you should please ensure that the fund is used as l have described above.You should reply urgently for more explanation.
I want somebody that will use this fund according to the desire of my late.
I took this decision because I don't have any child that will inherit this fund, And I don't want in away where this money will be used in an ungodly way.
So really you have nothing to lose since that $200 is going to be used to buying groceries anyway.
I apologize if the content hereunder are contrary to your moral ethics, but I had to reach you through this medium and further do respond to me using my secured email address underneath my names below.
Being a devoted christian family i have no other option than to use this amount is $22 million to help those that is in need.
Kindly reply immediately together with your complete address which will be used for the transferring of the money to your country.
Increase your email quota limit and continue to use your webmail account.
Finally, I am now using this medium to tell you that, if you have also had any scam experience on-line or been a victim, please tell the center about it, how it happened that you got scammed, they will help you to refund your money or you can also help any close fellow you know around you that he or she has been scammed before, to help refund his/her money back from this paying center.
Increase your email quota limit and continue to use your webmail account.
Then after some time my dad started to look for properties to buy to use for an office, in several occasions I went out with him to inspect some properties.
The reason I am telling you and revealing to you my family's secret because my late dad's burial is over and my Uncle is searching every where looking for bank documents that my father used in depositing all his money in the bank when his sickness became serious..
The amount of US$7.500, 000.00 which he deposited in one of the Bank Here and I need a honest and God fearing person who have the feelings of human that can use this funds for God's work and 15% out of the total funds will be for your compasation for doing this work of God.
Please if you would be able to use these funds for the Lord's work kindly reply to me.
He shouldered the burden of command while fighting an internal war against his captors and their attempts to use the prisoners for propaganda.
But they used this grim fact as a catalyst for creating an entirely new business model based on asking three central questions of greatness:
We were going to use the calamity as an opportunity to remake Fannie Maw into a great company.
Instead of using this recession as an opportunity to fundamentally rethink their business and rebuild a culture of discipline, the will simply restructure, lay off a bunch of people and liquidate their cultural equity.
Used correctly, this recession can be a defining time in your firm's history that , in retrospect, you would not trade.
Used wrongly, this recession will weaken your foundations and make it that much harder to become great.
I’d have to get used to that.
As he turned away from the beach, he saw the last flame of the fire, what used to be so huge he was afraid they wouldn’t be able to put it out, go away forever.
As he turned away from the beach, he saw the last flame of the fire, what used to be so huge he was afraid they wouldn’t be able to put it out, go away forever.
If you’re like me, and you use a fair amount of tags (or a fair amount of ficlets), you might have somewhere in the neighborhood of 2,500.
Then write your entry using those tags somewhere in the story.
Then I shut up, remembering the Miranda Rights I heard on the holovisions from time to time: anything you say can and will be used against you.
My voice took on the monotonous tone it always does when I'm about to use my ability.
On the diamond plate floor in front of me was the cloth that had been used as my gag.
Seth thought he could use some of that right about now.
She climbed down from the tree, using her stealth power to get next to the boy, running into step with him.
Learning an obscure word and wanting to use it every opportunity you get.
Wrapping a present and using as much tape as you want, even it that may be the whole roll.
Extensive baseline data were collected for all subjects using a baseline home interview, an annual mail questionnaire, and annual clinic examinations.
We used linear interpolation to estimate missing data when there were known values before and after the missing value, bringing the percent complete to 95% [ 18 ] .
We also used an alternative approach, which assigns a different value to each level of EVGFP [ 19 ] . Preliminary results were similar for the two approaches, however, and we report results using only the simpler definition.
We also used an alternative approach, which assigns a different value to each level of EVGFP [ 19 ] . Preliminary results were similar for the two approaches, however, and we report results using only the simpler definition.
For those persons, and for 70 persons in the first cohort who did not have complete data, we estimated the last 4 years of YOL and YHL from their age, sex, and health at the end of 3 years, using validated methods presented elsewhere [ 20 ] . That article showed that estimated 4-year YOL and YHL were unbiased for the African American cohort.
In the primary analysis we used observed 7-year YOL and YHL when they were available, and observed 3-year YOL and YHL plus 4-year estimated YOL and YHL when they were not (about 10% of the sample).
We plotted mean adjusted YOL and YHL against BMI, and tested for difference among BMI groups using confidence intervals or analysis of variance.
Thus, an intervention to improve the health of underweight women to that of their normal weight peers could be performed using either YHL or YOL as the outcome variable.
Trials to make obese women comparable to normal women could be evaluated using YHL, but not YOL.
As mentioned above, we repeated these analyses excluding the persons with partially estimated data, and using two different ways of coding YHL.
Weight or weight change are sometimes used as the outcome in evaluations of interventions such as diet or exercise programs.
Clinical trials whose objective was to make the underweight as healthy as their normal-weight peers (presumably by addressing the underlying conditions that caused the low weight) could be performed efficiently using either YOL or YHL as the outcome measure.
Using either YOL or YHL, however, we found no excess risk for older adults who would be classified as 'overweight' by the NHLBI guidelines.
This suggests using YHL as the outcome measure in clinical trials involving obese or underweight older adults, and discouraging trials that address older adults who are merely overweight.
Since the interactions of Ca +2and Mg +2with proteins are difficult to study due to the lack of spectroscopic properties, vanadyl (V IV=O) 2+has been used as a probe of the ligands that compose Mg 2+, Ca 2+, and Mn 2+binding sites of several proteins, including carboxypeptidase [ 16 ] , S-adenosylmethionine synthetase [ 17 18 ] , pyruvate kinase [ 19 20 ] , and F 1 -ATPase [ 21 22 ] .
Only one nucleotide-binding site was identified on the purified soluble CD39 in the presence of Ca 2+when non-hydrolysable nucleotide analogs were used.
The intensity of -5/2 || peak is used as direct measurement of the amount of bound VO 2+, since this peak is the most intense peak in the EPR spectrum that contains contribution only from A || but not A⊥ [ 21 26 ] .
Vanadyl has been used to estimate the types of groups that serve as metal-ligands in F 1 -ATPase and other enzymes [ 16 18 19 21 ] because the g and A tensors of the 51V hyperfine couplings are approximately a linear combination of tensors from each type of group that contributes an equatorial ligand [ 24 27 ] .
Concentrations of proteins were determined using D C Protein Assay from BIO-RAD using the provided protocol.
Concentrations of proteins were determined using D C Protein Assay from BIO-RAD using the provided protocol.
The low concentration buffer (A) was 0.08 M NH 4 H 2 PO 4 (pH3.8), and the high concentration buffer (B) was 0.25 M NH 4 H 2 PO 4 (pH4.95) with 8 mM KCl. The gradient used was 4 min, 0-2.5% (B); 26 min, 2.5-25% (B).
Once the samples were in EPR tubes, they were immediately frozen in liquid nitrogen, and stored in liquid nitrogen before using.
CW-EPR experiments were carried out at X-band (9 GHz) using a Bruker 300E spectrometer with a TE102 rectangular standard cavity and a liquid nitrogen flow cryostat operating at 150 K.
To estimate the types of groups that serve as equatorial ligands to VO 2+in each condition, the observed values of A || derived from simulation of the EPR spectrum by QPOWA were compared with the coupling constants obtained from model studies [ 24 32 ] using: A ||calc = Σ n i A ||i /4 where i represents the different types of equatorial ligand donor groups, n i (=1-4) is the number of ligands of type i, and A ||i is the measured coupling constant for equatorial donor group i [ 24 ] .
Similar equations were used to calculated g || from a given set of equatorial ligands for comparison with those derived experimentally.
Using a whole mount in situ hybridization approach, we found that Gad1 is indeed expressed in a number of different regions and tissues.
Control hybridizations using a sense strand Gad1 probe were also performed.
The studies reported here used a probe that will detect the adult Gad1 mRNA that encodes GAD67 as well as the embryonic alternatively spliced mRNA that can encode GAD25 and GAD44.
Embryos were removed and fixed in 4% paraformaldehyde/PBS overnight and used immediately for the in situ hybridization.
The embryos were photographed without clearing using a Leica model MZFL III dissecting scope, a Hamamatsu model C4742-95 digital camera and Openlab 2.0.
Sections were phtotographed using an Olympus BX60 microscope fitted with a SPOT digital camera (Diagnostic Instruments Inc.).
Comparison of results of patients with and without liver disease was done using t-tests of continuous variables and Fisher's exact test or x2 for categoric measures.
If you are not the addressee or authorized to | | receive this for the addressee, you must not use, copy, | | disclose or take any action based on this message or any | | information herein.
Ambiguous Language Regarding the Ratemaking Mechanism that Will Be Used to= =20 Recover DWR=01,s Costs of Power Purchases In addition to the ambiguity regarding ratemaking and regulatory authority= =20 noted above, the language in the bill is equally ambiguous with respect to= =20 the specific ratemaking =01&mechanics=018 that AB1X directs the PUC to empl= oy to=20 permit DWR to recover its power purchase costs.
In addition, it creates an=20 innovative emissions reduction bank to allow project sponsors to fund=20 emissions in advance of obtaining certification, and permits the affected a= ir=20 districts to use those funds to finance projects that will produce the=20 required reductions in pollution emissions.
On the basis of thousands of pages of information developed in an earlier federal inquiry into Torricelli's activities, the committee chastised him for using poor judgment and disregarding Senate rules in his dealings with the former donor, David Chang.
Senator Torricelli provided the committee with a full explanation of sources of income and any funds used for cash purposes," she said.
On Thursday, Powell and representatives of the nations of the Asian group, including Indonesia, are expected to sign a declaration promising cooperation to prevent terrorism by sharing information, blocking funds, tightening borders and making it hard to use forged travel papers.
The deal would be part of Microsoft's drive to sign up wireless carriers to use its so-called smart phone software -- a pared-down version of the Windows operating system -- and services that Microsoft is developing as part of its .Net Internet strategy.
Microsoft's efforts to persuade wireless carriers to use its cell phone operating system have struggled.
The city has talked with Starke about using his students for some vehicle repairs.
Pat McCarthy, the local employment law attorney that I have been using, used these terms when David Howe and i talked to him today.
Pat McCarthy, the local employment law attorney that I have been using, used these terms when David Howe and i talked to him today.
Note: AA should also use the shared drive to pass info back if there are questions, or the data needs updating.
Details on how to access for those who will use this method to pass info:
I hope you can use your personal contacts to intervene on Krishna's behalf and ask for a reversal of the decision on humanitarian grounds.
misrepresenting information used to calculate amounts owed under the contract 3) appears to have instigated an FBI investigation of our company regarding a pending civil and regulatory dispute.
Their chances are small, however, as their arguments rely on polemic, exaggeration and misrepresentation -- in other words, on the same techniques which they accuse Moore of using.
The latter is the kind of media propaganda that was used to unleash a genocide in Rwanda in 1994, which killed 800,000 people.
This sounds more like a later correction for public relations purposes, but of course nobody questions the bank claims when they can be used against Moore.
First, the "from my cold, dead hands" part: This is used by Moore as a visual citation to introduce Heston.
Moore is a professional filmmaker -- he concentrates on maximum impact of each of the statements he cites, and to accomplish that effect, uses subtle interludes instead of long-winded introductions.
Moore's critics would expect us to have him quote Heston in his entirety, have him present fully the PR that the NRA has used to justify its rally in Denver for reasons of "balance".
You use standard filmmaking technique as a basis to construct bizarre conspiracies which sound plausible to the gullible reader, without ever providing any evidence for the implicit or explicit claims of fraud and distortion.
Never mind that in a regime that is controlled by warlords, it does not matter who is authorized to distribute the aid -- the ruling regional warlords will seize control of it and use it to their own advantage.
Never mind that this very argument has been used by hawks in opposition to sending humanitarian aid to Iraq's Saddam Hussein.
His main mistake is that he does not use population corrected data, his second mistake is that he does not cite his sources (and, as you correctly point out, he probably uses different reporting methods for the different countries).
His main mistake is that he does not use population corrected data, his second mistake is that he does not cite his sources (and, as you correctly point out, he probably uses different reporting methods for the different countries).
It is the second intuition which gun rights groups like the NRA seek to obscure using fraudulent data by the likes of John "Mary" Lott.
Once again, you fail to distinguish between regular film editing and "faking" (a word which "Canadian officials" have never used; for such a distortion, Moore would have been boiled alive by his critics).
To trash Heston, it even uses the audio/video editor to assemble a Heston speech that Heston did not give, and sequences images and carefully highlighted text to spin the viewer's mind to a wrong conclusion."
Had Moore wanted to make a propaganda film, he would have used other material: photos from America's Emergency Rooms.
I'd read Watchmen a short while before and appreciated its narrative complexity, but not being used to reading comics, hadn't registered all the technical tricks that the artist was using to achieve this.
I'd read Watchmen a short while before and appreciated its narrative complexity, but not being used to reading comics, hadn't registered all the technical tricks that the artist was using to achieve this.

Harvester ants do not exit the nest when the outside temperature is above 52 degrees Celsius (Gordon, 9), and the ability to use a temperature gradient will enable in-nest navigation.
These sensors would correspond to the cells in the ants’ eyes sensitive to polarized light, and research has shown that many insects, including ants, do navigate using a path integration system synthesizing input from a polarization compasses and from a sort of odometer (Labhart, et al, 2002).
Antie would use a system for processing the input from its polarization compass based on the compass designed by Lambrinos, Moller, Labhart, Pfeifer and Wehner in 2000, consisting of two photodiodes with blue filters and polarizers.
The difference of their logarithmized signals would be returned to Antie, who will use a simultaneous model to navigate returns to the nest: Upon each exit from the nest, Antie will take a single 360o scan of the sky, and will orient itself according to an analytical procedure to derive compass information from different polarization patterns perceived later.
The following global variables will be used throughout the pseudocode, and are compiled here for ease of reference:
These behaviors will often be used in other subroutines running on a schema basis, and when combined with the forward cruise function, should cause the robot to move at an angle.
Implementations of chemical gradient following robots using two sensors on “antennae” stalks has been successful in with analog robots in the past (Webb, 1998), regardless of the potential problem of airflow causing a disturbed gradient over evaporating pheromones.
Antie will use the chemical gradient algorithm of Braitenberg’s aggressive type 2 vehicle described in his book “Vehicles: Experiments in Synthetic Psychology,” as this was found through a series of experiments by Russell, et al (2003) to be very efficient when compared to several biomimetic models.
Using these basic common behaviors, more complex behaviors may be coded.
For the task-switching in the patrolling behavior, assume some variable “age” that Antie has been keeping track of using the CPU’s clock pulses to track the time since its last bootup.
Workers probably switch to patrolling based on their perceived life expectancy and as a function of a gene whose expression changes between young and old ants, and this is easily emulated using a clock pulse counter in Antie’s CPU that will count its “age” since last boot.
In turn communal identity can be formed around a language; it is used as the focal point around which the group gathers.
This resulted in persecution against the Mayans, who make up about 60% of the overall population. In both counties, guerrillas were often associated with the native peoples; in many cases there were coalitions, but in others the guerrillas merely used the remote, inaccessible villages as hideouts.
While the repartimento was originally used to repress the indigenous groups, it is now used to support them: resguardos, or communally owned plots of land, are granted to communities.
While the repartimento was originally used to repress the indigenous groups, it is now used to support them: resguardos, or communally owned plots of land, are granted to communities.
This website and everything on it is in the Public Domain, so you may use it freely, even without attribution.
P.S. And please feel free to use your Temporary Membership Card while we are processing your application.
Eleven states have banned the procedure called intact dilation and extraction (IDE)--also known as partial-birth abortion --in the belief that this procedure is used mainly post-viability.
Pro-choicers say the ban on IDEs is inconsistent with Roe , because the procedure can be used to abort pre-viable fetuses.
Please accept the enclosed name stickers as our gift to you and use them to spread the word about the ASPCA and the animals we help -- thank you.
Please destroy your old card and begin using your new card as of the “valid date” printed on your new card.
We’ve made your card easier to use with features you can customize yourself… more valuable with special savings programs.
Personal Identification Number (PIN) Choose your own PIN to use for cash access and calling.
Before beginning an analysis of any piece by Béla Bartók, one must first decide to what degree tonal analysis will be used.
Using this interpretation, we can map out the local tonics (tonal centers) used throughout the movement, as shown in Example 2.
Using this interpretation, we can map out the local tonics (tonal centers) used throughout the movement, as shown in Example 2.
Bartók has often applied a tonic-dominant relationship to a pitch-class and its tritone partner, and even admits to using that as a compositional framework in his fifth string quartet.
Artificial light sources can be used to supplement daylight, to help reset a person's internal clock to the correct new time zone when traveling.
In the paper, "self-control" is used to mean a sense of willpower.
He used it to preserve baby tomatoes, cucumbers, and strawberries in translucent cubes that he stored in the pantry for spring-time meals in the middle of winter.
One night when I did not believe love had ever existed for anyone, I used my own capturador, a sleek titanium Sanyo Tardar Ahora, to undo the stopbox.
Cloudwood had been used in a Mediterranean manner, making the house seem primitive and civilized at the same time.
Now he had thought to use vacationers like Tasha and me, and when someone came looking, he would say we had gone island-hopping in our windboat.
Had he said then that I should use it on myself, I might have.
Most likely: she would be meat --there is a reason why stopboxes are most often used in kitchens.
Price and Whetstone (1977) used asymmetric river and valley cross-section profiles, as evidence for movement along the Chattahoochee Embayment in Florida.
Using
Cox (1994) used a somewhat different index to demonstrate tilting and river shift in the southwestern Mississippi Embayment.
Figure 2.7 Map of asymmetrical stream valleys in the vicinity of Taos, New Mexico showing method of measuring distances used in calculating index of asymmetry (modified after Muehlberger, 1979).
In the Valley’s early days, it used to take place in the infamous Wagon Wheel Bar and the Homebrew Computer Club.
Traditional career models used to prescribe that people offer loyalty in return for deferred rewards.
In the name of “wolf control,” wolf killers will predictably once again use aircraft to hunt wolves to the point of exhaustion, so that the wolves have, literally, no chance of survival.
Whoever took that stuff is probably using it in their own garden.
I used to be against making blanket statements about the hard core tea partiers, like the person you described...
Especially that court in Dover that found, as a matter of FACT, that the ID crowd simply used "Find & Replace" to substitute "Intelligent Design" for "Creation" (resulting in numerous instances of "Intelligent Designism").
Sources, rather than government, decide the most cost-effective way to use available resources to comply.
Thus, well-designed national cap and trade programs can help use government resources and taxpayer dollars more efficiently at both the state and federal level.
The Administration will not support any legislation that would cause a significant decline in our nation's ability to use coal as a major source of current and future electricity.
power in many arenas and they chose not to use it. To give just 
Eminent Domain Used To Usurp Wine Label Real Estate
Proponents of the new Sonoma County Conjunctive labeling law like to point to a similar law that demands "Napa Valley" be placed on all wines that are made from grapes grown in that appellation, rather than simply using a sub appellation.
It also is a 'social promotion' in the sense that great Sonoma wines that now are forced to use "Sonoma County" will be giving some of their credibility to their lesser neighbors.
By using the same sensational BS Tactics you rail against, instead of a balanced and fair assessment you render the entirety of your rant incredible.
We use Labrador Retrievers, Golden Retrievers and a cross between Labs and Goldens.
Male and female dogs are used.
For fifteen years, Las Vegas was used as a Spanish Trail way-station.
But it was not until 1869 that the term “homosexual” was first used, to describe “a man or woman whose feelings of sexual attraction are for someone of the same sex” (Marcus 1).
At this point in time, Karl Maria Kertbeny used the word in a pamphlet which fought to repeal the current antihomosexual laws of Prussia.
Treatments such as castration, hysterectomy, lobotomy, and electroshock therapy were used as attempted cures.
How long until all you remember is this, the ship, the thick red carpeting, the chandeliers, the empty conversations you hold with the other shells who used to be people?
asked Adrienne, using Sarah's phrasing.
A TGI Friday's Facebook page does exist, with roughly a third of the fans they used to have.
I think when used properly they can be terrific.
What do I mean by used properly?
He's also a very astute individual who understands how to use the media -- and various communication channels -- to his advantage.
Please take this moment to be as generous as possible to send your best gift today, and don’t forget to use your free colorful pet stickers and name labels enclosed.
Rather than carry the bricks down by hand, I decided to lower them in a barrel by using a pulley, which was attached to the side of the building on the sixth floor.
I thought about how mothers feed their babies with little tiny spoons and forks, so I wonder what Chinese mothers use.
Seaman: I will tell it to use the default drivers.
She screamed and fainted, the snake rushed back under the sofa, and the neighbor man, seeing her laying there passed out tried to use CPR to revive her.
On a helmet mounted mirror used by US cyclists - REMEMBER, OBJECTS IN THE MIRROR ARE ACTUALLY BEHIND YOU.
On a Japanese product used to relieve painful haemorrhoids LIE DOWN ON BED AND INSERT POSCOOL SLOWLY UP TO THE PROJECTED PORTION LIKE A SWORD-GUARD INTO ANAL DUCT.
He used olive oil
While working for an organization that delivers lunches to elderly shut-ins, I used to take my four-year-old daughter on my afternoon rounds.
Oral Cure "I finally quit smoking by using the patch.
Using the power generated by this giant buttered toast-cat array, a high-speed monorail could easily link New York with Chicago.
Don't you remember how we used to drive you crazy with water guns?
Recalling a saying my grandmother used to repeat, I recited, "You should never lend anything to your kids, because you will never get it back.
It broke one of the windows with its tusk and then, using its trunk like a vacuum cleaner sucked up all of the jewellery.
NINE- I wish the buck stopped here; I sure could use a few...
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married 22.
Their letter claims that you owe them money, which they will take and use to pay for the operation of essential functions of the government.
The money the IRS collects is used to fund themselves and various other corporations which entirely depend on these 'subsidies' to stay in business.
In truth, the SSA uses the money to pay for it's own overheads and the same misguided corporate welfare the IRS helps to mastermind.
Do you remember Grandma and Grandpa were sitting in their porch rockers watching the beautiful sunset and reminiscing about "the good old days," when Grandma turned to Grandpa and said, "Honey, do you remember when we first started dating and you used to just casually reach over and take my hand?
They have concluded that 5000 years ago, their ancestors were already using mobile phones".
The native language they use to communicate with other computers is incomprehensible to everyone else; 3.
Do not use a foreign word when there is an adequate English quid pro quo.
Don't be redundant; don't use more words than necessary; it's highly superfluous.
The passive voice should not be used.
Don't use commas, that, are not necessary.
Do not use hyperbole; not one in a million can do it effectively.
Don't never use no double negatives.
Hopefully, you will use words correctly, irregardless of how others use them.
Hopefully, you will use words correctly, irregardless of how others use them.
Everyone should be careful to use a singular pronoun with singular nouns in their writing.
JEFFERY CLARK You used what you had, Uncle Roland.
SAMUEL PERKINS (laughing) Mr. Hammond hated lawyers almost as much as he hated the language we use.
If we can contain the animals, we'll give it a try, but my orders are to stabilize the area using any and all means necessary.
have to have an important purpose, and the means that you use is necessarily tied to that purpose. If 
cost of that, on my numbers in here, made up, at least a billion dollars, or they can't find the people at all and get permission, an innumerable cost, un -- valuable cost to people who want to use it. Tho
 didn't use that. The
 used the phrase, limited term, which means then, meant then and means now, a certain specified -- Okay
ress weighed -- as this Court, the phrase Court used, I think it was in the Feist case,the delicate balance that was so difficult for Congress to-- How
April 27, 2009 12:07 PM Padraic Ryan: Re: cap & trade - you shouldn't use the financial crisis as an excuse to write off all of economics.
I use it to calculate how many I'll get towards my premier status.
Both of our cars are high mpg and rarely used.
An easy mistake to make (I speak from experience) is to assume that the charset parameter on a MIME Content-Type: line encodes the character set used by the entity composing the message, or the character set to be used by the entity displaying the message.
An easy mistake to make (I speak from experience) is to assume that the charset parameter on a MIME Content-Type: line encodes the character set used by the entity composing the message, or the character set to be used by the entity displaying the message.
charset is an octet-based encoding used during message transfer; it need bear no relation to the composing or viewing character sets.
In the most general case, a message will be composed using some native character set, translated automatically to a MIME-registered charset, and translated at the other end into a native display character set.
You'll notice that I reinforce this distinction in my own head and in this message by using the terms "character set" and "charset" noninterchangeably.
For now, composition agents which wish to allow users to use extended character sets (such as Latin-1), but which elect to relegate character set and/or charset selection to the user, should either present the user with a menu of registered MIME charsets from which to select (presumably it will be up to the user to ensure that the editor or composition tool is actually using a character set corresponding to the selected charset), or (in the case of what it sounds like PINE is doing) at least filter the user's open-ended charset selection against the list of registered values (and perhaps also the X- pattern).
For now, composition agents which wish to allow users to use extended character sets (such as Latin-1), but which elect to relegate character set and/or charset selection to the user, should either present the user with a menu of registered MIME charsets from which to select (presumably it will be up to the user to ensure that the editor or composition tool is actually using a character set corresponding to the selected charset), or (in the case of what it sounds like PINE is doing) at least filter the user's open-ended charset selection against the list of registered values (and perhaps also the X- pattern).
For example if you set Pine to use ISO-8859-1 and send an all ASCII message it will tag it US-ASCII (instead of ISO-8859-1).
Although I used this to defend my action of having used an illegitimate CHARSET, I do NOT think that all "user can shoot themself in the foot" features are bad.
Although I used this to defend my action of having used an illegitimate CHARSET, I do NOT think that all "user can shoot themself in the foot" features are bad.
charset is an octet-based encoding used during >message transfer; it need bear no relation to the composing or >viewing character sets.
There are two goals: 1) to be able to specify new and/or extended character sets (and mark-ups and other extensions to plain text) and 2) to use "plain text" (in mail) as a transport medium.
In the most general case, a message will >be composed using some native character set, translated >automatically to a MIME-registered charset, and translated at the >other end into a native display character set.
You'll notice that I reinforce this distinction in my >own head and in this message by using the terms "character set" >and "charset" noninterchangeably.
Thanks for making up and using those labels!
In many parts of the world it is seen as essential for the success of the global services that they should be able to recognize, store, and present textual information like personal and organizational names, represented in the character sets used by those concerned.
The same applies to the other global information services on the network (e.g the data bases used in many information servers).
If we consider the other scripts used in Europe and the other encodings the number of different charater set codes rise to as many as 40.
Changing the character sets in this world is not an option, as current systems run applications which can support only the character sets used by that system.
Can we use UCS as a common denominator for that?
They have been put to use in the field of 8-bit characters.
It is best for a computer to use the code of interchange internally, but all computers in the world cannot be modified overnight.
What computer Si has to do to abide by the external representation is the sole matter of computer Si: to appear to others as if it were using it internally.
On any protocol the same way, even during dialog with computer Ti using the same code ("One need not know which kind of system one is sending mail to").
But that's not sure, like for XDR which can be used from many levels to convert CPU data to line format.
Some intermediate compromises will have to be used like additional encoding on pathes some insist to not even try to convert to 8-bit, asking the rest of the networks to convert to 7-bit instead and to rewrite all their programs to use a complicated method for sending plain text when the sole problem is that it contains 8-bit data.
Some intermediate compromises will have to be used like additional encoding on pathes some insist to not even try to convert to 8-bit, asking the rest of the networks to convert to 7-bit instead and to rewrite all their programs to use a complicated method for sending plain text when the sole problem is that it contains 8-bit data.
The important thing is that the new layer be known and used.
It will get void when a system will use the interchange code for itself.
Will ISO 10646 be used by OSI 6?
That document was an experiment by Microsoft to determine how well SSL and PCT could be merged into one protocol - using SSL as a base and adding PCT deltas.
That document was an experiment by Microsoft to >>determine how well SSL and PCT could be merged into one protocol - using >>SSL as a base and adding PCT deltas.
We discussed whether it was necessary to use SGML for the math notation.
When using operator precedence, there is a need to constrain the context in which given operators can be used.
When using operator precedence, there is a need to constrain the context in which given operators can be used.
Automatic numbering, or better: automatic generation of numbers (labels) from keys used in symbolic referencing, a la \label/\ref in LaTeX or ID/IDREF in SGML, is fraught with difficulties.
This is the documentation of our article DTD, and it contains tables with *all* symbols and characters we use in typesetting our products.
This is used in chemical formulas, and is different from an arrow or brace AS ORNAMENT, that adjusts its width to the text underneath it.
 Is there a specific reason we don't want to use the TeX-like notation:
For instance if one uses an SGML named character entity how does the tokenizer know whether the character is allowed as part of an identifier?
o Whether it can be used to embellish other operators.
The features needed for math make it inappropriate to use the HTML table tags.
How can CSS based style sheets influence the style properties used within plugins?
The control panel for the html-math plug-in would allow the user to set the font size to be used in these contexts.
One idea is to allow the author to name a subexpression and then to use that name in place of further occurrences of that subexpression.
AsTeR also implemented a fairly straight-forward naming algorithm for giving meaningful names to sub-expressions e.g. "lower constraint 1" and denominator 3" etc.
In my recent list of questions and comments to Bruce, I made reference to the fact that I felt ISO 12083 Math gave a good basis for the fundamental layout schemata and might better be used than TeX for HTML-math.
I think this group should make it absolutely clear that we will draw inspiration from ISO 12083 as much as we need, and that we will use the ISO TR 9573 entity sets, and also that WRI is not "running the show".
Or if we must have them, tell people to always uses braces to properly group it.
Or if we must have them, tell people to always uses > braces to properly group it.
If each operator has a property indicating that it can act as an embellishment on other operators, then we can use this fact to make the above parse as {&bold +} 2 in preference to the interpretation of &bold as a normal prefix operator.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
I hope you enjoy using them as you correspond with your friends and family and help us spread the word to protect ocean wildlife.
You can help us spread our message to protect ocean wildlife by using the enclosed labels on all your correspondence.
It came in through my mother's blood; my Russian grandmother would always tell me stories, bylichkas, of ancestors with the "second sight", stupid mill owners who discovered bags of gold after letting a special fish off their hooks, and dark strangers who used to appear to help or interfere at crucial times.
We slammed against the doorway and I was laughing too, the pulse close enough to shake the doorframe and set up vibrations in my chest, Rachel in my arms because she’d used me to soften her landing.
“You’ll be used to the sensation in a moment.”
Step behind the cart and enter through the door there, using your left hand to open the door and your right – ”
“Be careful you don’t let him touch it until you’re ready to use it,” the woman admonished Nepthys as she slipped the stone into a grey cloth pouch and handed it to him.
“Come on,” said Nepthys, “you could use a drink.”
They are our gift to you to keep and use on your holiday packages in thanks for considering this important appeal for wildlife.
When you use the attractive wrapping paper and gift tags, you will be helping us spread the word about saving America’s wildlife treasures and their habitat.
When you use it in place of plastic bags you help conserve our natural resources.
IBM is an exception among computer makers in that it still invests heavily in research to advance the design, manufacture and materials used in semiconductor chips.
The factory will produce a wide range of specialized semiconductors used in everything from the largest mainframe computers to cell phones and video-game consoles.

CHRON EDITORS NOTE: Each week, The Chronicle offers readers a look at the more unusual fruits, vegetables and herbs of each season and how to use them.
USES Bitter melons are used in many Asian cuisines, most prominently Indian, Chinese and Vietnamese.

Scene: BLACK PEARL [Jack is using calipers on a map, using his left hand, a "P" brand mark is seen on his right arm] [an hourglass is in the background, Jack taps the Compass] [Jack looks in his bottle, turns the bottle upside-down, only a few drops spill out] JACK SPARROW: Why is the rum always gone?
Scene: BLACK PEARL [Jack is using calipers on a map, using his left hand, a "P" brand mark is seen on his right arm] [an hourglass is in the background, Jack taps the Compass] [Jack looks in his bottle, turns the bottle upside-down, only a few drops spill out] JACK SPARROW: Why is the rum always gone?
:
:
FLYING DUTCHMAN: organ room [nighttime on deck of the Flying Dutchman] [Will emerges from a hatch on deck] [Will sneaks past one one the crew on deck, who is sleeping with a bottle in his hand] [Jones is asleep at his organ, snoring] [Will sneaks into his room, behind him] [Will grabs a nearby quill pen, uses it to lift one of Jones' tentacles] [one tentacle accidentally falls on an organ key, almost waking up Jones] [the falling tentacle also sets off a locket on top of the organ, that plays a song] [Will holds one of the staves in his mouth while lifting the tentacles] [Will finally removes the key, replaces it with his drawing of the key] FLYING DUTCHMAN: deck WILL TURNER: It's not a fate you had to choose for yourself, either.




Unless you plan on using him to hit something with.
These rules were not used extensively.
The fourth set specifies conditions under which the Service may use multi-year test periods to demonstrate that a proposed new service will become compensatory over time.
HF-NL were cultured from five human lungs that arrived at our transplant center with the intention of being used for transplantation, but for various reasons could not be transplanted; these were macroscopically and microscopically normal.
The cells were then resuspended and divided into two aliquots, which were used for RNA and protein extractions, respectively.
The above experiments were repeated in HF-IPF (n = 2) and HF-NL (n = 2) using serum free media conditions.
Prostanoids were measured by modified stable isotope dilution assays that used gas chromatography-negative ion-chemical ionization mass spectrometry as previously described [ 23 ] .
After evaporation of reagents, the residue was subjected to TLC plates, using the solvent system chloroform/ethanol (93:7, vol/vol) for PGF 2α and TXB 2 , and ethyl acetate/methanol (93:2, vol/vol) for 6-keto-PGF 1α and PGE 2 .
SDS-PAGE was performed using a 7.5% separating gel with a 4% stacking gel.
Cell pellets were lyzed and RNA extracted using the RNeasy method ®(Qiagen), following the manufacturer's instructions.
Prehybridization and hybridization were performed at 42°C and using Quick Hyb ®(Stratagene) as hybridization solution.
Comparisons between HF-IPF and HF-NL were done using the Mann-Whitney test.
This study differed from ours in that a different stimulus was used.
Furthermore, a significant proportion of the fibroblasts used in the study by Keerthisingam et al. [ 21 ] were obtained from patients with systemic sclerosis, which makes their fibroblast population more heterogeneous.
Carrère & Hastings and Howard & Cauldwell used the Modern French style, which was more ornate and allowed for more articulation to the façade than the austere Classical style that McKim opted for.
Building on the same site, fulfilling the same functional requirements, and using the same up-to-date construction technology, the four firms would produce libraries that would look different.
As far as we know, the ancient Greeks used only three orders: Doric, Ionic, and Corinthian.
Although art historians use terms like Gothic Revival and Greek Revival to distinguish later reincarnations of styles, architects look at history differently.
Since historic styles carry cultural overtones, using different styles was also a way for architects—and clients—to say different things.
A stilus was the sharp-pointed tool used to write on wax tablets and, by inference, stilus also referred to the way that something was written.
Once the overall form of a building is determined—“the masterly, correct, and magnificent play of masses brought together in light”—there remains the question not only of what materials are to be used and how these will be assembled, but also of how the hundreds of parts of the building are to be designed: from the door frames and the window sills to the railings and the baseboards.
In his early villas, Le Corbusier used white-painted pipe railings to create a nautical image; in later buildings like the Carpenter Center for the Visual Arts at Harvard, flat steel bars take the place of pipes.
The railings in Louis Kahn buildings tend to be parapets, but where he is obliged to use an open railing the design is as simple as possible.
Classical architects use a large variety of moldings—fillet, astragal, egg and dart, ogee—that can be combined and recombined to great decorative effect.
To a modern visitor, the spires, turrets, and steep slate roofs of Biltmore recall Disneyland’s Sleeping Beauty Castle, which is not surprising since Disney also used a Loire Valley chateau—the Château d’Ussé—as his model.
The Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao, Spain, for example, is clad in titanium, previously used chiefly for building aircraft.
The titanium sheets simply follow the churning surfaces like shingles on a Shingle Style roof; limestone is used in a similarly unaffected fashion, without articulated joints.
I used to see this old scary dude walking around checking the trees in Griffith Park for Dutch Elm Disease.
Well we thought they could use more.
At work BRCS developing Crystal Reports using Property data from a Progress Database and thinking about making kerjodando p2p open source.
and i meant to say, got pressured into it and never used it again...
Reading software design using java 2 Sourcing, recruiting Back to paper of Piratpartiet.
p watching tv my fav par tof my job -- giving bonuses preparing the report for ps Trying Pownce and still primarily using Jaiku.
ACS uses Second Life for virtual instance of it's annual Relay For Life fundraiser.
Thinking about a presentation to a group of secondary Tourism teachers next week - including ideas for using Web2.0 tools in the classroom.

annoying, I wanted to use one for design time functionality.
have you tried to just use the Facebook importer?
CatWalk 3 Recipe Sites For The Post Fast Food Era http://tinyurl.com/croeg8 "Cy&H: You know how to use one of these?
http://twitpic.com/3bd9w You can use http://bit.ly/ .
I use TweetDeck which has this built-in, it runs on Adobe AIR - I think this is available on Linux.
Now that Obama is president it puts severe limits on how he can use email and indeed Twitter.
See why at http://bit.ly/moos9 Brain damaged people: helmets :: deaf people: earplugs RT @whitneyhess: #uie Design failures aren't due to a lack of knowledge on a team, but rather an inability to use our soft skills -- Sc ...
Select Custom Art Prints" - http://ping.fm/4fYdR RT @12C4: Lindsay Lohan makes mock dating service ad http://is.gd/spoK if you r left-handed & use a Crayon then the color name is upside down!
Brown The real question is, what keywords will you have to use to have them unfollow you :) Go wild!!
RT @joeciarallo awesome interview with Horn Group CEO Sabrina Horn on Everything PR: http://tinyurl.com/cb4tuf Uppercut Fail << FAIL Blog: Pictures and Videos of Owned, Pwnd and Fail Moments http://ow.ly/2QQ7 Just using win2vnc with my MacBook to do pseudo dual-screen - http://win2vnc.sourceforge.net/index.html It's just a little buggy.
Could really use your advise wahooooo wtg Emily!!!!
I will be using http://icerocket.com smart search engine all the time.
"In the beginning I decided the specimen parcel I got gratis was a kind of a nasty trick, until I have takento take the P.E.P. I can not describe depict how pleased I am with the effects from using this stuff for 2 brief months.
"In the beginning I considered the gratuitous sample parcel I received was a jest, until I tried to use the P.E.P. Words cannot describe how plume I am with the effects from using this patch for 8 brief weeks.
"In the beginning I considered the gratuitous sample parcel I received was a jest, until I tried to use the P.E.P. Words cannot describe how plume I am with the effects from using this patch for 8 brief weeks.
Our audio conferences provide money-saving tactics you can start using as soon as you hang up the phone.
Words cannot report how pleased I am with the consequence from using this stuff after 2 brief months.
SSL connection: PayPal automatically encrypts your confidential information in transit from your computer to ours using the Secure Sockets Layer protocol (SSL) with an encryption key length of 128-bits (the highest level commercially available)
This payment was sent using your bank account.
By using your bank account to send money, you just:
Thanks for using your bank account!
Thank you for using PayPal!
You will be able to update your transfer information quickly and easily using our secure server web form.
This tracking system tells us, among others, if you are using your account from a different computer(s) than the one you registered on.
If you want to continue using our service you have to renew your online account.
Remember how much fun you used to have on that bike, how fast you went, how great it felt?
Even if your life requires four wheels, you can use a bike for local errands.
There used to be a local tradition in this area: at each spring tide , the local community would head out to the bogs and marshes to harvest the grasses.
This makes it an excellent and bountiful source of compost, and it was used for generations as a soil enricher.
Surely Ninjas were done with horrible movies like American Ninja (1985) or with comedies starring Chris Farley ( Beverly Hills Ninja , 1997), and yet Ninja has become a replacement word for 'expert' to the point where it's almost accepted parlance: A twellow search for 'ninja' turned up more than 7,000 Twitter accounts using the term in their profiles.
Markets are the places to use your bargaining skills.
Behind the church is the 1917 French Mission Building, now used as the Court of Final Appeal.
These gardens used to belong to the governor’s mountain lodge, but the building was demolished by the Japanese during the occupation of Hong Kong.
The gold-plated sedan chairs on the left-hand side of the temple were once used for transporting the statues of the temple’s gods in religious processions.
These pleasant, but expensive, outings can lay the foundation for your own explorations aboard the cheap but usually comfortable ferries used by the islanders themselves.
Macau’s own currency, the pataca, is pegged to the Hong Kong dollar, and you can use your Hong Kong currency freely in Macau.
An unexpected piece of historical memorabilia turns up in the monastery garden, where guides point out a small stone table used for a treaty-signing ceremony in 1844.
Part of the fortress has been converted and is now used as a luxury inn.
The complex contains the oldest wooden stage in China, used by the Wan Fu Tai Chinese opera.
You can use your Hong Kong dollars here, so there’s no need to change currency.
Using your address labels is an easy way to show you care about wildlife.
So, please send us your membership gift today ... by using the convenient form attached to your personal address labels.
This information used to be poorly documented and largely anecdotal, says Beth Gates-Warren of Sotheby's.
Currently a $300 million-a-year business, 900 telephone service is expected to hit $500 million next year and near $2 billion by 1992 as uses for the service continue to expand, says Joel Gross of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Inc.
Concerned about shrinking landfills and the safety of chemicals used in super-absorbent disposables, parents are returning to the cloth diaper.
We’re now creating model projects in 25 of these high-priority areas -- in order to balance conservation with people’s need to use natural resources to sustain their livelihoods.
More recently, NLS staff has joined with the Nevada Supreme Court and others to draft a uniform set of pleadings that can be used in family court throughout Nevada.
In an effort to address these issues, we developed a new primer set to be used in conjunction with denaturing high-performance liquid chromatography (DHPLC) and dye-terminator sequencing.
To determine the effect of CPT on newly synthesized collagenous proteins, we used an established method of metabolic labeling with [ 3H]proline followed by SDS-PAGE electrophoresis [ 22].
It is impossible to know what difference it made that units in the North Tower were not using the repeater channel after 10:00.
In brief, 20-25 mg of tissue (containing 5-10 million cells) was used to generate each of the libraries with the exception of the P10.
As different laboratories began to use this cladoceran test, it was discovered that apparently more than one species was involved in the tests conducted by the same laboratory.
Here we conducted a small pilot study using genetically defined Mamu-A*01 macaques to study the vims-specific immune response following parenteral or rectal exposure to SIV mac251 This study was designed to begin to investigate the specificity of the immune response and its kinetics as well as the kinetics of viral replication according to the site of primary exposure and viral entry.
But the French soon proved just as great a burden on Italian treasuries, used to support their war effort and the Bonaparte family.
Wild-type and mutated receptors in the pRc/CMW vector were transfected into CHO-K1 cells using calcium phosphate precipitation technique as described previously [ 21 ] . Stable transfectants were selected with 500 μg/ml G-418 (Geneticin; Life Technologies) and screened by intact cell binding using [ 3H]rauwolscine as previously described [ 21 ] .
Equal amount of total plasmids were used to transiently transfect COS-1 using the DEAE dextran method [ 40 ] . A GFP construct was used to monitor the transfection efficiency.
Cultures were stained with the osteoclast-specific marker TRAP using a kit from Sigma (St Louis, USA).
The repeatability or precision of toxicity tests is also a function of the number of test organisms used at each toxicant concentration.
Total protein amount in the extracts was determined using the Bio-Rad Bradford reagent.
The Spectrum Green labeled centromere of chromosome 8 (Vysis) was used as a control.
For monetary instruments, the revenue is recognized at the time of obtaining forfeiture judgment; for property that is sold, at the time of sale; and for property that is held for internal use or transferred to another Federal agency, at the time of obtaining approval to use the property internally or transfer it.
hard shoulder The raised roughly surfaced strip running along the edge of a motorway, which is used for emergency stops.
The anti-bloat whiners would have you believe that Microsoft is coercing them into using our extralarded software products!
When I was a boy in Detroit we used to go to the movies on Saturday afternoon and watch the violence between cowboys and Indians.
The analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as required by section 607 and numerous small entities participated in the rulemaking as required by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed regulation following the inclusion in the notice of proposed rulemaking of the initial regulatory flexibility analysis which discussed the economic impact on small entities.
Using the bifurcation analysis software tool AUTO we determined that single parameter changes as small as 20% from the nominal value can cause the limit cycle to disappear and a stable equilibrium to appear.
Bradley has already bought up airtime to use during the last several weeks of the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary.
A previous SR [ 5 6 ] pooled 12 trials that used subcutaneous EPO (all also included in our analysis) in a Bayesian MA reached results similar [OR = 0.38; 95%CI: 0.28 to 0.51] to ours.
In forming the dictionary used for MP decomposition, using any fixed scheme of subsampling the parameter space introduces statistical bias in the resulting parametrization.
Federal investigators 1) dismissed the report as "rumors and innuendo"; 2) said lab tests indicate the residue is from standard glue used in plane seats; and 3) seized the radar tape, ostensibly to check it out.
We expected the amplification protocol to increase the signal intensity of low expressing genes; in other words, the number of genes having measurable signal intensity above background levels from using the amplification protocol should be higher than that using the regular protocol.
It had originally been the name of a vast Miami village that used to stand between the Maumee and St. Joseph Rivers near present-day Ft.
We used a three-step selection process to identify articles for the systematic review.
14 Managing for Results: Federal Managers' Views Show Need for Ensuring Top Leadership Skills (GAO-01-127, Oct. 20, 2000); Management Reform: Using the Results Act and Quality Management to Improve Federal Performance (GAO/T-GGD-99-151, July 29, 1999); and Management Reform: Elements of Successful Improvement Initiatives (GAO/T- GGD-00-26, Oct. 15, 1999).
5 nM okadaic acid was used to inhibit PP2A during the assay.
For a given test method, successive tests must be performed with the same reference toxicant, at the same concentrations, in the same dilution water, using the same data analysis methods.
1) is approximated by an interpolating or smoothed spline function and the deconvolution uses the analytic approach of Veng-Pedersen [ 14 15 ] and Gilespie and Veng-Pedersen [ 3 ] . This approach is used in the freely distributed program PCDCON written by Gillespie http://anesthesia.stanford.edu/pkpdand is the most widely used experimental deconvolution technique [ 16 17 18 19 20 21 ] .
The following plasmids were used in each experiment: 0.1 μg LEF-luciferase reporter [ 19 ] , 0.2 μg mouse LEF-1 and 0.1 μg Renilla luciferase.
Chiefs at a fire operation also would use a separate command channel.
Our extensions include: (1) using fully probabilistic models; (2) adding a third model of pairwise alignments constrained by structural RNA evolution; (3) allowing gapped alignments; and (4) allowing for the possibility that only part of the pairwise alignment may represent a coding region or structural RNA, because a primary sequence alignment may extend into flanking noncoding or nonstructural conserved sequence.
While reference toxicant test results should not be used as a de facto criterion for test rejection, effluent and receiving water test results should be reviewed and interpreted in the light of reference toxicant test results.
The cultures were then visualized using a Nikon Diaphot fluorescent microscope with a fluorescein filter and a 4x or 10x objective.
17The current account balance would improve to the extent that the increase in saving is used to increase net foreign investment rather than domestic investment.
The solution-phase melting temperatures were measured with an Agilent 8453 UV-VIS spectroscopy system with added Peltier thermostated single cell holder using a 1.5 ml quartz cuvette.
Inside the major cities, you may prefer to park your car and use the generally efficient public transport.
Soon after war broke out in the former Yugoslavia in 1991, the United Nations used a previously obscure section of its charter to convene the first international war-crimes tribunal since Nuremberg and Tokyo.
Then, the trapezoid rule is used to compute the integral numerically.
Washington, DC Orders may also be placed by calling (202) 5126000 or by using fax number (202) 5126061, or TDD (202) 5122537.
This was used as a waiting room and also, according to the Roman historian Pausanias, as a picture gallery or Pinakotheke, the name it holds today.
To compute the anticipated maximum bias (25) we first computed ε ( max ) s using (24) and estimated w 
It said that "the purposes of the military adventure in Iraq remain fatally unspecific," and added that one reason Saddam had not dared to use his biological and chemical weapons during the Gulf War was the weight of Arab power ranged against him.
The samples were allowed to dry in the dark and were viewed using a 100 × objective lens on a Nikon Eclipse E400 epifluorescence microscope from Nikon Inc. (Melville, NY).
Typically, each movie collected by Winview (Roper Scientific) was 1 frame/sec for 200 sec, and was subsequently analyzed using NIH image.
They are simply not using crack, even when they are using other drugs.
Final images were produced using Adobe Photoshop.
One wouldn't want to exaggerate the points of contact but, curiously, The Capeman is the first musical since Show Boat in 1927 to use the word "niggers" in its opening number:
The purified glycosaminoglycans used in this study were a generous gift of Dr. Nancy Schwartz (Univ.
When a dilution factor of 0.3 is used, the NOEC could be considered to have a relative variability as high as ± 300%.
For these experiments we used mesenteric arteries and veins from 12 different dogs.
1) The ble gene was PCR amplified from pPICZalphaC as a 375-bp fragment using primers Ble-N and Ble-C; the amplicon was blunt-ended and ligated into the blunt-cloning site of pT7Blue to generate pT7Blue-bleA.
Electrosurgical devices use variable waveform shape and duty cycle duration to achieve fulguration, cutting, or desiccation [ 15 16 ] . In general the application of energy with electrosurgical devices is intense for an extremely short period of time (several seconds).
ELISAs were developed using ABTS in citrate buffer, 0.03% H2O2.
Mouse monoclonal antibodies raised against phosphorylated tyrosines (clone PY20 (1:2,000 dilution), Santa Cruz Biotechnology, Santa Cruz, CA) were used to identify tyrosine phosphorylated EGFR or δ-ORs.
Vector NTI ContigXpress was used to assemble the sequence.
Fisher's exact test will be used instead of chi-square tests if the frequency of a given allele is too low to justify the assumptions of the chi-square test.
He frames the issue of openness more broadly, arguing that the WTO has made trade decisions more accountable and more universally beneficial than they used to be.
I use the word "loser" so casually because the film virtually brands it on his forehead.
The PBPK parameters used in this calculation were identical to those used for figure 2except that the portal blood flow was increased 50% because of the coincident meal [ 22 23 24 ] , the liver Vm was increased from 2.1 to 2.5 because of the induced ethanol effect [ 25 26 ] and the muscle blood flow was doubled.
In the Venetian Republic by the end of the 10th century, some people were using fixed secondary names to distinguish themselves, and at least some of these names were passed from parents to children.
In Lieutenant Colonel North's response he used the words a version of the chronology that was inaccurate . Later, Nields used the phrase the chronology with the false version in it . He then followed with a question, staying with this stronger phrase false version . North's response contained the clause this version of the document was wrong, intentionally misleading . Earlier he had used this version was incorrect . Once Nields had used false version , he stayed with that for a while.
A script, named Mouse Gene Selection NCBI (MGS_NCBI), was written in JAVA and used to parse BLAST results from NCBI.
The value of the bin with the greatest number of data points is the mode, and this value can be fine-tuned by simple interpolation with adjacent bins [ 11 ] . The major drawback of the histogram method is that different modes can be obtained using different bin sizes, although some stability can be gained by using the mean of modes obtained from different bin sizes.
The present studies show that reduction of BRCA1 levels, using an antisense retroviral vector in the estrogen dependent BG-1 ovarian carcinoma cell line, may aid in confirmation of the hypothesis that BRCA1 functions as a tumor suppressor gene by playing a pivotal role in the balance between cell death and cell proliferation.
The D2526+/D2507- and D2453+/D2543M-Sal pairs were used with DRF+ RNA, and the D1433+/ D1452- pair was used with DXB+ RNA.
Further, the intensity of the Vex1 signal using a Bex1 excitation filter was 0.027 ± 0.00057 (n = 50) of the Vex1 signal using a Vex1 excitation filter.
Plasmid DNA was introduced into cultured cells using Lipofectamine (Life Technologies).
v 1 may represent normalized global gene expression deviation from the project mean, and was not used to identify grain-filling genes.
To prepare 20 L of standard, synthetic, moderately hard, reconstituted water, using mineral water such as PERRIER® Water, or equivalent (Table 4), follow the instructions below.
After calling the stores, we connected to Amazon using Netscape Navigator 3.0 and a 28,800-baud modem.
The airline hub-and-spoke system (which has large numbers of flights all trying to use the airport at the same time) and weather are the major causes of delay for airline passengers.
If Congress and the executive branch decide to move forward with the COO approach, it may make sense to use a pilot in a select number of agencies using a value and risk-based approach.
However, he believed research on screening instruments that is not linked with an intervention leads to the easy assumption that results will be generalizable to using that screening instrument in a full protocol.
Direct fluorescence from EGFP and indirect immunofluorescence using the amplification protocol with anti-EGFP antibody were compared.
The final rule was issued using the notice and comment procedures found at 5 U.S.C.
We also conducted an analysis of perimenopausal and postmenopausal women that stratified body mass index by hormone replacement therapy use, adjusting for other variables in the multivariate model: in comparison with women who had not used hormone replacement therapy and had a body mass index of less than 25 kg/m 2, cases were significantly less likely than controls to report a highest body mass index of more than 30, regardless of whether they had used hormone replacement therapy (OR = 0.36; 95% CI, 0.14-0.
That is because long before it became a popular name for a resident of Boston, warlike tribes had used Beaneaters as a derisive epithet for peace-loving agrarian Indians.
Linux contributors simply are creating systems they themselves enjoy using and find productive.
Cells were grown and used at late log phase or at 80-90% confluency.
Another theory is that there used to be a race track in the area and Intercourse was the spot where the horses entered onto the course.
Specifically, a reverse northern blot experiment using radiolabeled head cDNA was performed to determine whether hybridization level could be used to identify frequently occurring transcripts.
Autofinish [ 10] was used to design primers to improve quality or extend sequence from multiple sequence contigs.
Using the SAFER analysis approach (see methods), we compared gene expression between the dorsal and ventral spinal cord samples using a paired t-test and analysis of variance (ANOVA).
Genomic clones were ordered and oriented using the fingerprint map and draft assembly.
Logistic regression analysis was performed comparing SVR and death using a univariant analysis.
A second limitation is that the Systematic Review method used in this evaluation is derived from the social and behavioral sciences and is not commonly used in medical research evaluation.
This was done by determining that the regulated expression levels identified by microarray technology from a single animal could be confirmed by RT-PCR using multiple similarly treated animals.
With neither timely information on the state of sales at the store, nor the capability to use that information, little could be done to resolve this source of uncertainty and excess cost in the channel.
The insertion/deletion genotype of subjects was performed using purified genomic DNA (prepared as above) and the polymerase chain reaction using the forward primer 5'CTGGAGACCACTCCCATCCTTTCT3' and the reverse primer 5'GATGTGGCCATCACATTCGTCAGAT3' as per Rigat et al [ 13].
The mAb P3 [ 56 ] was used in all immunoprecipitation and flow cytometry experiments as a negative control.
Rather, a common word can become a trademark only if it acquires a “secondary meaning,” if, in other words, it is used so long and so exclusively by one producer that it has come to signal to the general public that the product in question is made by that producer, and that producer alone.
Given the relatively small number of strains that we have sampled, our hypothesis of lower variation in striatal cell populations requires a more extensive test, a problem which we are now pursuing using the large numbers of strains in the Mouse Brain Library http://www.mbl.org.
Agonists and antagonists were dissolved in extracellular solution and delivered to cells using a rapid perfusion system (Warner Instruments, Hamden, CT).
Captured images were compiled using Microsoft ®Power-Point ®97 SR-2 (Microsoft Corporation, Redmont, WA) and Microsoft Photo Editor 3.0 (Microsoft Corporation).
We've already pledged to use force, he argues, and now we must keep our word.
We used the MTT assays to assess the viability of the tumor cells treated with or without the drug.
In addition, as described below and in [ 2 ] , Resolver's clustering algorithms use the error estimates to weigh the similarity measures.
[ 40 ] . Its purity and state of oxidation was confirmed by an oxidimetric titration using arsenite-cerate method [ 41 ] . This method measures only Fe(VI and V), leaving any ferric ions in the preparation unreduced.
A 1570 bp DNA fragment containing an hnt2Δ::kanMX2 disruption cassette was generated as described [ 46 ] . Primers 4716 (5'GAAGCTCCATTGATCTATCTTGGGCTCAGAATGATCTTAAGCAAAACAAAGCTTCGTACGCTGCAG) and 4717 (5'CGTAAGTATGAATCTATTATTTATTGAACTATAGTGTTAAACCAGGGCCACTAGTGGATCTGA) were used to amplify the yeast expressible geneticin-resistance gene from pFA6a -kanMX2 [ 46 ] with 50 bp DNA ends corresponding to sequences upstream and downstream of HNT2 . The resulting fragment was transformed into haploid S. cerevisiae strain BY4727, and transformants were selected on YPD with 400 μg/ml geneticin.
(FISA hearings, to cite one example, approved the surveillance used in the Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman investigation.)
Three hybridizations were done on the same day using arrays from the same print batch and the average correlation coefficient between any two hybridizations was 0.97 ± 0.01, demonstrating a high reproducibility between parallel hybridizations done on the same day.
In cases in which there was no patient response at 90 days because they had been discharged, the data from the last assessment but before 90 days were used.
Chatterbox forgot to ask George S. whether he'd ever used marijuana, but doesn't feel like calling him back to ask now.
We stress that the conservation consideration described above applies only to appropriately related species (such as Dm/Dp ) and should not be indiscriminately used to filter miRNA candidates derived from comparative analysis of other species.
Domoic acid has been reported to be neurotoxic to neuronal tissue in vitro in concentrations ranging from 10 μM to 20 mM [ 28 29 30 31 32 33 ] . In order to determine a concentration of domoic acid that was neurotoxic in vitro during a 6 hour exposure, we investigated the concentration-dependent effect of domoic acid on cerebellar granule neurons using the WST-1 viability assay.
countGC.pl: PERL script used to compute GC content of sequences analyzed.
, terminally ill people) should use it.
The amplification technique we used was such that product generated from a single imaginal disc was sufficient to make several probes and to carry out multiple array hybridizations.
Phylogenetic analysis was performed using the neighbor joining or least square method followed by local rearrangements using the maximum likelihood algorithm to predict the most likely tree.
The new doctrine broadens the conditions under which Russia would use nuclear weapons, and describes the West, for the first time since the Cold War, as a potential threat to Russian security.
Several methods have been proposed to assign values to samples that are below the limit of detection, all of which may introduce bias [ 39 40 41 ] . We have used a method based on one described by Hornung and Reed [ 40 ] and modified in conjunction with scientists from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to reduce overestimation when summing many individual congeners for which few of the samples are detectable.
A professional moderator led the group using a semi-structured interview guide developed by the researchers.
Copper and brass: These metals have long been used for practical items such as water carriers, samovars, or cooking pots and they make excellent souvenirs.
The next step is to repeat the above calculations, but this time using the simultaneous IV and oral data when propranolol is administered at the same time as a standard meal (660 calorie high protein breakfast [ 5 ] ). As before, since the two sets of data are obtained simultaneously, exactly the same set of physiological parameters must be used for the IV and oral calculations.
The leaf decoction of Jatropha gossypifolia is used for bathing wounds [ 83 ] . The stem sap stops bleeding and itching of cuts and scratches [ 84 85 ] . The leaf bath is used for sores, sprains, rash and bewitchment in Latin America and the Caribbean [ 52 86 ] . Poultices are used for sores and pain in Trinidad [ 52 ] . These uses are similar to the ethnoveterinary use.
Each commercial company we visited used the evolutionary approach as the primary method of product development.
' With this system, there is also a good word for a `thousand million': a milliard , as used in French and German.
In the this year's fall collections, designers for men were using the same trousers and shorts, shirts and sweaters, coats and jackets that women had already rescued from British decorum and boldly distorted for themselves.
The Maharaja of Bharatpur used to organize formal annual duck-shoots here for British viceroys and other top officials as well as for fellow princes.
The seven shortest (<75 amino acids) of those were used only in phylogenetic analyses; the remaining proteins averaged 196 amino acids each.
Piper auritum leaf juice is applied topically to remove ticks and head lice in El Salvador and Ecuador respectively [ 92 ] . In Guatemala, Panama and Columbia the juice of crushed leaves of Piper species or the decoction of roots are drunk or used in baths for snakebites or rubbed onto the body as a snake repellent [ 63 95 139 ] . In Eastern Nicaragua and Jamaica Piper hispidum is used in remedies for colds, fever, stomach aches and for aches and pains [ 116 53 ] . In Trinidad, Puerto Rico and other Caribbean countries Piper amalgo leaf infusions are used as ritual baths or baths to perfume the body [ 52 16 ] .
Sometimes the words we use are the sounds of the communicating: whispering, cackling, prattling, chuckling, chortling, mumbling, grumbling.
Finally, we created 338 (42%) new annotations in Release 3 using protein homology data from BLASTX analysis, arising from the comparison of translated Release 3 sequence with sequence of other proteins in Drosophila or other model organisms, in the absence of other supporting data.
The effect of CPT on the production of types I, III, and VI collagen by 11 pairs of SSc and normal dermal fibroblasts was examined by ELISA using fibroblast cell and matrix layers (Fig.
Booze You Can Use
Total RNA was reverse transcribed using Superscript II RNase H -Reverse Transcriptase (Life Technologies, Inc.) as per manufacturer's protocol, except that all reactions were doubled to 40 μL final volume.
The United States prefers to use the 1974 benchmark.
In addition, there are times when it is awkward and illogical to use a male metaphor for a woman.
The other parameter we used was the integrated response which also suffers some shortcomings.
However, the financial services corporation provided the best example of how periodic reports of results can be used to hold managers accountable for understanding, as well as reducing, the information security risks to their business units.
The 10 most statistically significant motifs found by this method are listed in Table 2, and their location distributions within the sequences that MEME used in its alignments are shown in Figure 1. Well-known motifs such as the TATA box and Inr are readily found (the third and fourth most significant motifs in Table 2).
The Release 3 euchromatic genome sequence has been reannotated [ 6, 7] using a new annotation tool, Apollo [ 8], and deposited in GenBank.
Its aim is not to prescribe how Americans should speak, or even to describe the language we use as cultivated speakers and writers.
To investigate whether the nature of the bulk lipid in the vesicles affects the ability of phosphatidylinositides to stimulate proteolysis of Boi1-PH, we repeated this analysis using the neutral phospholipid PC (phosphatidylcholine) instead of PS.
The appropriateness of combining results from individual studies was examined using the Wald χ 2for statistical homogeneity.
The power control of the handsets was adjusted at 900 MHz and 1800 MHz using the GSM tester "CMD 55" from Rhode & Schwarz.
The majority of PCR products were sequenced using dye-terminator chemistry (ABI Prism FS, PE Applied Biosystems, Boston, MA).
An automated analytical microscope system (ARTIS™, TissueInformatics) was used to scan the entire slide at a low resolution to identify tissue locations.
7 Mb of the Drosophila genome, using an improved assembly algorithm and the same trace data used for Release 1. A high-quality sequence of 116.
Software used for lexical analysis was obtained via anonymous ftp from the TIGR software FTP site [ 41].
where W is a symmetric function having a simple maximum at the origin, strictly decreasing on [0,1] and vanishing for u ≥ 1. For our application in this paper, we use the efficiently computed tricube function
For genotyping of the MAOA 30-bp repeat in promotor as described (Sabol et al, 1998), Forward: 5'-ACAGCCTGACCGTGGAGAAG-3' and Reverse 5'-GAACGGACGCTCCATTCGGA-3' primers were used.
Using the word "remarkable" bodes well for your future together, as does your understanding of your differences.
Student's t -test and the Mann-Whitney U multivariate analysis test were used for continuous variables, χ 2and Fisher's χ 2tests were used for proportions, and logistic regression was used for effects of factors on mortality.
Example 3 also used a ranking method after LOCF for a secondary analysis.
(We used to say that when you were an undergraduate at Harvard, you were one of the few students who knew that one should not begin a sentence with "Hopefully," and more, why one should not do so.)
It is important to note that while we have used gene-expression data generated from Affymetrix GeneChips, data from other microarray platforms and other techniques such as SAGE (serial analysis of gene expression) can be used equally easily.
And finally, it was used on Quayle, which is sort of like using a sledgehammer on a drugged baby seal.
For now, it is home to a few beach clubs used by non-oceanfront hotels, and a small marina that is under construction.
On one side of the church, in what used to be an 18th-century schoolhouse, you will find the Ferenczy Museum, displaying works by the Hungarian Impressionist Károly Ferenczy and his two children.
Different methodologies and strategies for reducing noise include establishing an arbitrary global threshold for fold-changes [ 9 ] , noise-filtering look up tables [ 8 ] , normalization techniques to make microarrays comparable, such as using ANOVA methods to provide estimates of changes in gene expression that are corrected for potential confounding effects [ 10 11 ] , and using replicate experiments to estimate the variability in reported gene expression [ 12 ] . Applying fold change thresholds has been the most common method of reducing noise by filtering out the false positives [ 8 9 13 ] . However, much of the work done to date has focused on decreasing noise within the same generation and has not addressed the issue of comparability across generations.
Since Clinton also used the "aware" fuzzword, it's not clear what Wechsler found so irritating.
"It is not known, however, whether the 17-year-old perpetrator possessed the handgun used in the crime," concedes the NRA.
They may be used before a solicitation for software development is
A tricubic weighting function (proportional to [1 - (distance/max distance)^3)^3]) is used for calculating the weights.
Bradley, using somewhat stronger language, described big money a "plague," an acid "eating away at the core of our democracy" and as "a great stone wall that comes between the people and their representatives."
, physical interactions determined, primarily, using the yeast two-hybrid system) proteins are involved in [ 4 ] . Yeast proteins that have a large number of interacting partners were found to have evolved slower, on average, than those with fewer interacting partners, and this was presumed to be due to the fact that proteins with more interacting partners have a greater fraction of residues directly involved in function.
It got the Reagan administration to negotiate telecommunications agreements with Japan that were then used to ensure Motorola's access to the cellular market there.
The remaining 43 studies [ 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 ] were retrieved, reviewed and excluded from our study because they either did not address manual palpation procedure(s), did not pertain to content validity but focused on either construct, predictive, or criterion validity, or used inappropriate statistics (see Additional file 1).
It will inform LSC grantees about the range of methods being used by their fellow program managers to deliver more and better services and to assist people with the precise level and type of service appropriate to their legal situation.
This is a useful way to distract the reader's attention from gaps in logic and evidence, just as curry and spices were once used to make bad meat palatable.
Immunoreactive TNF-α in cell-free media supernates was determined using an ultrasensitive rat-specific ELISA for TNF-α purchased from Biosource International (Camarillo, CA) with a detection limit of 0.7 pg/ml.
Such legislation would be necessary to repeal the current requirement that such benefits be used only for official travel9 and to affirmatively authorize employees and members to retain for personal use these benefits that are now considered the property of the government.
HRP was quantitated using a kit from Kirkegaard & Perry Laboratories, Inc., Gaithersburg, MD.
But, as Professor Frank H. Knight used to say, what people want is not only to have their wants fulfilled but also to have better wants.
DAVID's functionality is demonstrated using the Affymetrix GeneChip data of Cicala et al . [ 10 ] .
The FT 's main editorial Thursday was about the financial crisis in Russia, saying that a devaluation of the ruble should be avoided if at all possible and that "the IMF could use this crisis as an opportunity to impose stricter conditionality on Russia and to demand greater involvement in its attempts to reform its public finances."
Coding region sequences were retrieved from GenBank and used as the query for BLAST searches.
The story runs under the headline: "Barry Used Unaudited Funds For Gift, Parties and Travel."
The p -values can be used, for example, to sort categories to identify those of the most potential interest.
The Bloomsbury Dictionary claims it has been used in Cornwall since the 1950s.
Products that get used up as they are used naturally have this property.
In most cell systems that have been examined, the primary signal transduction pathway for BMPs involves phosphorylation of Smad-1 [ 22 ] , and recent evidence suggests that this is also true for BMP-7 induced dendritic growth in sympathetic neurons [ 23 ] . To determine if BMP-5 initiates similar signaling events in sympathetic neurons, cultured sympathetic neurons grown in the absence of glial cells were treated with BMP-5 for 30 or 60 min then analyzed by Western blotting using Abs specific for total Smad-1 or for phosphorylated Smad-1.
In a letter to Elbridge Gerry, written from Braintree, Massachusetts, 17 October 1779, Adams described the tactics he had tried to use in Paris to avoid political queries made by an insistent Ralph Izard: At Sometimes [ sic ] I endeavoured to perswade [ sic ] him to excuse me, at others I rhodomontaded it, with him, and endeavoured to divert him from it ... 
Reference toxicant test results should not be used as a de facto criterion for rejection of individual effluent or receiving water tests.
The Commission's analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule and alternatives on small entities.
OK, OK, I've used this writing trick before.
We quantified the reproducibility using the concordance coefficient, which is analogous to the correlation coefficient but measures how well a set of points matches the identity line [ 16 17 18 ] . The concordance between experiments using the regular protocol ranged from 0.574 to 0.835, with a median of 0.739.
When the original diagnostic weight was used, APACHE II significantly overestimated mortality (predicted mortality 12.
Probes for the two Hemochromatosis mutations H63D and C282Y were designed using the parameters outlined in Methods and used to screen patient sample sets of known genotype (probe sequences in Table 1).
All EIA assays were performed using a serum dilution of 1:1000 and were run taking the average OD of duplicate wells.
Klaidman used this information, obviously dug up by private investigators of the Clintons to suggest that the Judicial Watch chairman will sue anyone, and so hurt Klayman by trampling on the memory of his grandmother.
The subject of that memo was Bosnia, and while Ambassador Albright emerged as the administration's leading hawk on a number of fronts, arguing for intervention in Haiti and in Rwanda, she made the case for how the United States should take the lead--by threatening and, if necessary, using force--with special passion about the American role in the Balkans.
Achieving both these objectives is facilitated by using a common reference sample that provides a baseline expression measure for each gene, enabling normalization and comparison of independent experiments.
5 embryos were used.
Cell ablation experiments are used to identify lateral inhibition: when cells that would normally adopt a primary fate are removed, cells that would otherwise acquire a secondary fate replace them.
A phd file generated from the assembly of the plasmid clone was used to direct the BAC assembly.
Phylogenic analyses of both DNA and amino acid sequences were performed using PAUP* [ 23 ] . In this study Cpn 0186 (IncA), and four additional candidate inclusion membrane proteins, Cpn 0284, Cpn 0285, Cpn 0829 and Cpn 0830, were selected as members of an outgroup for analysis.
Although both the Enquirer and its sister Star have Web sites, they do not use them to push their dirt.
All data used in this analysis come from a market research study called the Household Diary Study (HDS).
0 kg/m 2for controls); categorized data are presented in Table 2. A similar result was found by using body mass index 1 year before diagnosis for cases and before interview for controls.
Bauhinia excisa vine decoction has been used for snakebites and pain and the root decoction is used for scorpion stings in Trinidad [ 52 ] .
Because of tight resources, lack of travel funds, and the need to use staff with uneven experience and skills, this becomes critical in situations involving many evaluators working in different regions.
During two scenarios, the clinicians used the LSTAT and during the other two scenarios they used conventional equipment.
Pearson's χ 2analysis orFisher's exact test, when appropriate, were used for univariatecomparisons for all categoric variables analyzed.
Two microliters of serially diluted template cDNA (1:3, 1:9, 1:27, 1:81, 1:243, 1:729 in ddH 2 O) was used for each PCR reaction in a total volume of 24 μl containing 10 pmol of each primer, 0.2 mM each dNTP and 2.5 U Taq DNA polymerase in Qiagen PCR buffer.
The ethnographic section has tableaux of a nomad tent, a yurt, a village house, and a traditional carpet loom, with explanations of the natural dyes used to colour the wool.
Using DNA microarrays, we found that flavopiridol inhibited gene expression broadly in a manner highly related to other transcription inhibitors such as actinomycin D and 5,6-dichloro-1-β-D-ribofuranosyl-benzimidazole (DRB).
The assignment of the two signals to represent the total intracellular water and the total extracellular water, including the apoplast, has been confirmed by the selective imaging of intracellular and extracellular water using this approach [ 71].
Both of the devices were used under supervision of the Michigan State Department of Natural Resources, and the department owned the trap net.
We performed all analyses using SAS version 8.2 (SAS Institute, Cary NC), with the exception of the smoothing procedure, for which we used STATA version 7 (STATA Corporation, College Station TX)
4, bottom row, right) determined by deconvolution using this r(t) is in good agreement with the model input (green).
This data was used to calculate the net amounts of membrane fatty acids produced by the seedlings in each sample.
Blumenthal is wanted because of the possibility that his testimony will illustrate how Clinton's lies to aides were used to spin the grand jury and for his alleged role in planting negative stories about Lewinsky.
Given the association between AVP and OCD and the stereotyped nature of AVP-induced flank gland grooming and flank marking, the present studies were undertaken to determine whether clomipramine and fluoxetine, two drugs used to treat OCD in humans [ 20 ] might inhibit these AVP-induced behaviors.
Price-to-earnings ratios are fairly meaningless statistics--since they don't take into account how much capital companies are using to get their earnings--but if we can use a meaningless stat, the market's current P/E ratio puts all those that came before it to shame.
Using a cDNA fragment identical to the PAC-1 probe on the cDNA microarray, we performed a Northern blot analysis and confirmed the over-expression of two transcripts in leukemic LGL cells (Fig.
We provide indirect confirming evidence of the hypothesis, using the fact that the model implies that mail processing and delivery costs will comprise specific percentages of total costs at specific per capita volume levels.
The NYT and the WP agree that the abortion bans were deemed unconstitutional because their wording could also prohibit procedures used in first- and second-trimester abortions.
As we used to say in the third grade, back when I was wearing Keds for Kids and a Star Wars T-shirt and sobbing on the playground because the other kids were all pelting me with dodge balls, "well, ah- doy.
Or at least she used to be--they don't give her much to do in what we've seen so far.
That left me wondering why men who use after-shave are not chronically dissatisfied with their dry cleaners.
One is the state's Enforcement Court, which goes after people who remain on probation because they failed to pay fines and restitution, collects the money, restores the trust of crime victims, and brings literally millions of dollars into state coffers that can be used to beef up other justice programs.
Well, any technology can be used for good or ill.
Is using her to beat on me.
I received 35 unsolicited e-mails in February, not a huge number, but it's a short month, and I use a local Internet service provider.
The largest change in fashion since 1968 has been an immense new consciousness of what clothes mean, so that people have got used to thinking about what their own outfits "say."
The NYT lead reports that according to the General Accounting Office, only one-third of the 421 computer systems used nationwide for the major health, welfare and nutrition benefit programs are ready for the year 2000.
Nothing has been said about the artful ways in which abbreviations, chemical symbols, Arabic and Roman numerals, musical notes, etc., may be used in clues.
One afternoon, while grading a batch of super-sentences, I decided to try writing one myself, using the fewest words possible.
That is better than the treatment in Questions of English (see the review elsewhere in this issue), but it ignores the fact that the word is used in AE to describe any paved surface: when an American says, I remember nothing after my head hit the pavement, the site of the paved surface could be a road, sidewalk, or any other paved area.
If the chief use of language is to communicate, it might come as a surprise to note a few of the times when language is used specially to confuse and alienate.
Wild type 5-HT 3AS mouse receptor cDNA was obtained from Dr. Michael White [ 20 ] . Mutant receptors were constructed using either the Quick Change Mutagenesis kit (Stratagene) or the Altered Sites Mutagenesis kit (Promega).
RNA secondary structure of the ThiF domain coding regions of the sequences in the high homology group was predicted using the GeneBee web server http://www.genebee.msu.su/using both individual sequences as well as alignments [ 45 ] .
Using an Advantage-GC cDNA PCR polymerase (Clontech) and Pfu DNA polymerase (Stratagene), PCR was carried out with primers specific to the exon and/or intron of DMN sequence (Table 1) under the following conditions: 94°C for 1 min followed by 35 cycles of 94°C for 1 min, 57-59 °C for 1 min, 72°C for 3 min and a final extension time of 10 min at 72°C.
In addition to examining the distribution of t statistics, we used this plot to observe points that deviate markedly from the bulk of the observations since they may represent difference in means of the patient and control groups.
The clones were: Clone T/F 1-471 bp of 7.194 Kb cDNA [using primers T 5' GGTCTCAACTTAAACTCCAGCACCACGA 3' with the primer F] and clone G/A 246-2007 bp of 7.194 Kb cDNA [using primer G 5' GAGAAGGTGGAG AACCTCTCCATTCAGC 3' with primer A].
These probes were used to screen a 216 patient sample set that had been previously genotyped using RFLP.
This result was reminiscent of an earlier study conducted by our laboratory using the mga mutant of isolate 64/14 [ 9 ] . In this case, although the mga mutant failed to express M or M-related proteins, however, it was capable of causing a lethal infection [ 9 ] . Detailed analysis of this system indicated that the mouse was capable of selecting an M protein over-expressing variant despite the presence of the mga mutation in an identical location [ 9 ] .
Using immunostaining, we found that Syntaxin 1A and Galpha(olf) proteins were enriched in the dorsal spinal cord.
Three days after RNA injection, oocytes were stimulated with 5-HT or Ach, and the chloride current was measured using a two-electrode voltage-clamp (Axoclamp-2A, Axon Instruments, Foster City, CA).
As in Experiment 1, 3-point running means of estimated testis volume were used to reduce the effects of measurement error for testis size.
Even though structure prediction methods need further development, it is possible to produce models where functional hypotheses can be tested in a rational manner (for example, with mutagenesis experiments) through detailed analysis [ 54 ] . Additionally, structure comparisons can be used to detect functional relationships that cannot be detected by sequence information alone [ 52 ] , and micro-environment analyses that parse models for particular three-dimensional motifs [ 55 ] can be used to discern molecular function.
Detergent laxatives (eg, docusate) at conventional doses are only stool softeners, and are rarely effective when used alone for patients at the end-of-life.
This same approach can be used to predict blood levels administered via IM, IP or skin.
Clinicians will document using structured tools that allow capture of patient symptoms, clinical findings, and the physician's assessment.
The total protein content of an aliquot of each tissue homogenate was analyzed by the method of Bradford [ 22 ] using the Bio-Rad protein assay (micro-method).
In the study area, the population in ZIP codes ranges between 445-105,723 individuals, with a mean of about 23,000 (using 2000 US Census numbers, http://factfinder.census.gov).
The phospholipid fatty acid proportions and the cholesterol content of the red cells of SCD subjects and controls were compared using a two-sample t-test.
The lysates were rocked in the cold for 1 h and centrifuged for 10 min at 10,000 × g . In some cases, a highly enriched mitochondrial fraction was obtained using a commercially available kit (Mitchondrial Fractionation Kit, Active Motif, Carlsbad, CA) according to the manufacturer's instructions.
Because the synovium is an important contributor to pathogenesis in arthritis, primary cultures of HSFs were used as target cells, and concentrations of PGE 2 in media conditioned by the HSFs were used as a measure of IL-1β stimulation.
Radiation hybrid mapping was used to localize the MADS on human chromosomes using high-resolution Gene-Bridge 4 radiation hybrid panels (Research Genetics, Inc, Carlsbad, CA, USA).
The all-survivors group using the last observation carried forward analysis totaled 897 patients, whereas the in-hospital group totaled 118.
The three-dimensional structure visualization, alignment and modeling were carried out using the SWISS-PDB-Viewer program [ 33].
Each unmatched segment was classified according to the nature of the mismatch as follows: known gaps in Release 2 which are filled with sequence in Release 3; newly discovered gaps in Release 2 defined as 20 bp or more of sequence that does not align with Release 3 using Sim4; and regions containing single nucleotide differences between Release 2 and Release 3, defined as less than 20 bp of sequence that does not align with Release 3 using Sim4.
The results generated by the pipeline were filtered using the Bioinformatics Output Parser (BOP) [ 51], and the filtered results were curated using the tool Apollo [ 52].
They have been used to classify the cancer type of a given sample or classify groups of co-regulated genes [ 5, 6, 7, 8].
One method for assessing the sensitivity of microarray assays is to use exogenous spiking controls.
All treatments affect foliar tissue, which was the material used for library construction.
The notable exception is Mj-CM , which is postulated to encode chorismate mutase in M. javanica [ 20 ] . To examine why this gene was not identified by our filtering process, we used both Mj-CM sequences found in GenBank (AF095949, AF095950) in a series of BLASTX queries.
After two years of data collection, or a minimum of 20 data points, the control chart should be maintained using only the 20 most recent data points.
A second set of controls, using culture water, should be included in the test.
Receiving waters, synthetic waters, or synthetic waters adjusted to approximate receiving water characteristics may be used for dilution provided that the water meets the above listed qualifications for an acceptable dilution water.
Data converted to 2000 dollars using the consumer price index for all urban consumers.
Congressional oversight and authorization committees, as well as the Appropriations Committees, can use the database to prepare for hearings and budget deliberations.
RIFs would be used only as a last resort.
It can be seen that by serving all rural routes and using actual labor costs, the Postal Service realized an average profit of 10.
Its white marble was brought from the Rajasthani quarries used for building the Taj Mahal.
Branch lengths and their confidence intervals were calculated with TREE-PUZZLE 5.0 [ 46 ] using the JTT or the HKY model for substitution respectively, and assuming an among site rate variation described by a gamma distribution.
RNA was fractionated via denaturing agarose gel electrophoresis using glyoxal according to standard protocols [ 76 ] . Immediately before use the glyoxal was deionized by vortexing in the presence of mixed bed resin beads (Sigma Chemical Co.
Mr Rivers has emphasized to me that the word was not then used in a disparaging way, but more as a kind of professional in-joke, with about the same force as the now universal punter client, customer, part of the verbal comaraderie of a lively band of young workers.
Odds ratios were used to quantify risk in our population.
In Northamptonshire, Jeremy Seabrook reported in The Unprivileged that his mother would use terms that appear in Chaucer but have long vanished from Received English.
Other criteria include whether rates will be entered as proportions (less than or equal 1) or as percents, whether natural logarithms or base 10 logarithms are used, etc.
Direct sequencing of PCR amplified genomic fragments was performed as described previously [ 11 ] . The 5' flanking region, all the exons and the 3'UTR region, as well as the introns of Abcg5 and Abcg8 with size less than 1 Kb, were individually amplified using primers, as described in Table 2. The amplified PCR products were sequenced by the use of an automated capillary sequencer.
A single-decrement life table was used to calculate the proportion ( p1 
But I only need to use your examples as proof that what the Internet has wrought in an unbelievably short time has been profound--the entire computer industry (as evidenced by Michael Dell's success) has been turned on its ear, the retail industry is reeling (did you see the many news stories today about Nordstrom's striking a deal with a well-known Silicon Valley venture firm to jumpstart its Web efforts?), and traditional media companies are in full-scale alert.
Densitometry was performed using BandScan software (Glyko).
Similar results are obtained using the genomic DNA-based assay, although these results cannot be interpreted in a C H -specific manner (data not shown).
Because hospitalizations for poisonings were uncommon, Poisson Regression was used for validation, using the GENLOG approximation in SPSS.
The now-defunct magazine FACT , published by the eccentric Ralph Ginzburg, polled 12,356 members of the American Psychiatric Association and used the 2,419 responses to conclude that the psychiatrists considered Goldwater paranoid.
If you must use paper, please do so with extreme caution.
To use your phrase: just asking.
A DOT official also indicated that the Department's Research and Special Programs Administration had used a "chat room" arrangement during some of the agency's rulemaking comment periods.
Using these guidelines, the "normal" range of NOECs from toxicity tests using a 0.5 dilution factor (two-fold difference between adjacent concentrations), would be four-fold.
The PKQuest global (simulated annealing) and local (Powell) optimization routines were used to select the fat blood flow that provided the best fit to the enflurane data.
The ndr1-1/npr1-2 double mutant was used to further test this hypothesis.
The equation was solved for i given the observed change in prevalence between decades and time elapsed (using the end of each time period).
These templates were used for volume integration as a measure of signal intensify.
Of these bits of academic immortality, Black-Scholes is probably the most widely used by nonacademics, so they have made a good buy on the formula's fame value.
In making this determination, the Administrator will use the best available peer reviewed models and methodology that consider the proximity of the source or sources to the petitioning State or political subdivision and incorporate other source characteristics.
Also look out for the silk obi sashes used to tie kimono.
Robust regression techniques incur significant computational costs and, in practice, a small random sample of data must be used for today's oligonucleotide arrays.
For some reason unknown to lexicographers the word became popular, and it was but a matter of time before it was shortened to pommy and then pom , both of which were used adjectivally as well.
Dextran Sulfate (Sigma) was tested at concentrations ranging from 0% to 20%, and formamide (Sigma) at concentrations ranging from 20% to 60% (using pepsin with or without sodium citrate unmasking regimen).
However, tumors from Wnt-1 TG, Pten +/+ mice have low apoptotic rates (40 ± 16 per digital camera field using a 20x objective) and high proliferation rates (53% ± 11).
With the end of summer upon us, Keeping Tabs' thoughts have turned to a high school in Slovakia, where American teacher Monica Fenton has been using the National Enquirer as a "teaching tool" in her English classes.
MATLAB (The Math Works, Natick, MA, USA) was used to create a T1 map by curve-fitting each T1-weighted image series on a voxel-by-voxel basis.
These are drawn to run midway between/ localities which were shown by the Survey of English Dialects to use the different words or pronunciations which are the subject of the map.
Thirty-five cycles of PCR, using a mix of six oligonucleotides specific for the different VH families as primers at the 5' end and a mix of oligonucleotides corresponding to the known JH overlapping to a part of the intron sequence as primers at the 3' end, were followed by 35 cycles with 1 μl of the first PCR products and individual VH and JH primers (at a more 5' position) ( Table 1).
Recent linkage mapping studies mapped hypertension QTLs to a number of chromosomal regions in SHR and SHRSP rats [ 35 ] . Our FISH study assigned the STSL locus rat chromosome 6q12, a region where a cluster of blood pressure QTL with Lod score 4~6 has been reported to be present (M6MIT12-M6MIT3, 39 cM distance) in a New Zealand genetically hypertensive rat (GH rat) [ 35 ] . With respect to hypertension, although the SHR and SHRSP strains carry the Gly583Cys mutation, in extensive QTL mapping studies using these strains, no loci mapping to the rat STSL region have been reported [ 35 ] . In our study, the GH rat is neither sitosterolemic, nor has any nucleotide alteration at the STSL locus that would implicate this region as mutated.
The inducible MCF7 cell line expressing 4EBP-1-5A was established using the Complete Control™ Inducible Mammalian Expression System (Stratagene).
These include capital tied up in work-in-process or finished goods; the costs of facilities used; the risks of failure to sell; and price markdowns to dispose of products.
We have used a strategy identical to that used in Rule 1 to further analyze this data.
In an accompanying paper, C. Bergman et al . [ 65] surveyed sequence conservation in approximately 0.5 Mb of the D. melanogaster genome containing 81 genes using comparative data from four Drosophila species ( D. erecta, D. pseudoobscura, D. willistoni and D. littoralis) . Their comparison to our D. melanogaster annotations detected no genes conserved in other species that were missed in Release 3 [ 65].
The word "huge," which appears here, is used by Tripp three times in the transcript of her taped conversations with Lewinsky reported in Newsweek . This point is made by Skip Fox and Jack Gillis, two academics at the University of Southwestern Louisiana whose analysis of the TP may be found here.
The spreadsheet used to filter the gene list analyzed in this report and baseline occurrence values can be downloaded (see Additional data files).
1980, USEPA adopted the policy that ELS test data could be used in establishing water quality criteria if data from full life-cycle tests were not available (USEPA, 1980a).
We hear the tale of a project manager for US West, who's spent his career finding ways for businesses to use technology but in the process found himself a slave to the machine.
Because Accidents Happen , on Tuesday and Wednesday (8-10 p.m.) Using the fig leaf of studying "survival engineering" and safety pointers, PBS gives us fires, crashes, and sinking ships.
Project resources limited the study to four cases, but we achieved our sampling goal of including representation of at least one prospective case (a company still using methylene chloride at the time of the study) as well as four diverse industrial sectors (metal finishing, electrical equipment manufacture, rubber products manufacture and vessel cleaning services).
Using cytokine/chemokine-specific primers with RT-PCR, untreated MGBE showed distinct bands representing mRNA of TNF-α, RANTES (Regulated on activation, normal T cell expressed and secreted) (CCL5), and macrophage inflammatory protein-2 (MIP-2/CXCL2) (Figure 1).
This discrepancy between our findings and previous results can be explained by the fact that Park et al [ 11] used 10-fold more GST-Nrg1 in their binding studies than we did.
The first involved PCR amplification from either PAC 61J10 (for TMOD2 ) or BAC HB342I3 (for TMOD4 and YL-1 ) using primers within each exon to amplify the exon and the intervening intron and use it as a substrate for sequencing the exon-intron boundaries.
6 In the fifty-five years leading up to the Civil War, the Court used this power sparingly.
' The words are apt for scientific testing, not for dealing with a simple problem-- though of course that's precisely the point: using these words gives a pseudo-scientific boost, a spurious exactitude.
Degas sends no consoling words to his dying sister, just a camera, and the hope that she has a month to learn how to use it.
The QTL intervals that were used in the present study were rather large, and many other QTLs that use strains amenable to an in silico approach are considerably smaller.
The flaw in their case was an inability to prove permanent damage-most side effects disappeared after women stopped using Norplant.
Using another bioinformatic approach, Eidelman et al.
In an attempt to understand the significance of the distributions of β-tubulin classes II and I + IV in normal and tumor breast tissues, we used ELISAs to quantify the Her2/neu protein levels in these tissues.
This approach differs from that used by Alexander, et al.
The central hypothesis is that a core curriculum designed, written and taught by physicians using state of the art clinical knowledge and education theory, can be effective in reaching a second tier of physicians by having the newly trained physicians return to their work settings and seek to engage and educate a growing number of their peers using and adapting the provided educational materials.
Vulnerability to inefficient entry can be addressed using delivery cost heterogeneity.
After analyzing data from over 50 research projects ( with replications ) done in our facility, we have consistently seen smaller within-group variability (and more genes with significant differences) in experiments using appropriate RNA pooling strategies than those with approximately the same number of arrays that did not employ pooling.
Similar experiments were performed using hexadecane and dodecane.
Using an L shaped wire loop with a 6 mm diameter loop the contents of the surface layer were transferred on to a slide for observation.
Unexpectedly, different alleles were found at some loci than were predicted from the published genome sequences of B. melitensis and B. suis . This was despite using the same strains for our studies.
There are many similarity measures that can be used to compute the similarity or dissimilarity between a pair of objects, among which the two most popular ones for gene expression data are correlation coefficient and Euclidean distance.
My files are as full as any policy wonk's with scholarly studies demonstrating that using tax lures to attract jobs and taxpayers often ends up robbing not just Peter, but Paul as well.
These prototypes were built using production-like tooling and methods using production workers.
All non-commercial softwares used in this study were written in PERL 5.0.
These methods are restricted to use by, or under the supervision of, analysts experienced in the use or conduct of aquatic toxicity tests and the interpretation of data from aquatic toxicity testing.
Study protocols used to induce upregulation of VEGF mRNA
Your gift to The Salvation Army will be used right here in Central Indiana.
PICS does not dictate what the labels should say or how they should be used.
I see the rather boring point about using alumni to cover both men and women, and I quite agree that the use of relatively newer and less widely used terms like authoress, aviatrix , and poetess seems to be a deliberate, unwarranted attempt to identify someone as a female; but a graduate of the feminine gender is a `woman graduate' = alumna , the `first woman dancer in a ballet company' is a prima ballerina (I've never heard of a “prime ballerino”), and a `woman opera star' is a diva or prima donna . I hesitate to point out that we use prima donna of men, too, because my critics will say that they disapprove of the term's second life as designating a “temperamental person of either sex.
The retinae were used for immunocytochemistry, back phosphorylation assays and immunoprecipitation assays.
When I ask people how they use their dictionaries, they tell me for spelling (now I suppose more and more people just use spell checkers for that), or sometimes to look up an unfamiliar word.
The cells were then harvested on filter papers using a harvester, filter papers were dried and were then transferred to liquid scintillation vials and [ 3H] thymidine uptake were quantified as counts per minute (CPM) using a liquid scintillation counter.
protocol to study subconfluent podocyte growth and podocyte growth during establishment of mature cell-cell contacts between differentiated podocytes [ 27 28 ] . Briefly, RNA and protein were extracted from parallel plates of podocytes using TRIZOL Reagent or RIPA buffer, respectively, under three conditions: 1) during sub-confluent growth at 33°C; 2) immediately upon reaching confluency (day zero); and 3) on day 14 after switching confluent cultures to 37°C.
The mouse homologue of one of the candidate biomarkers, LNC2, has been shown to be regulated at the transcriptional level by dexamethasone in murine cells [ 22 ] . However, there is no published evidence that the human LCN2 gene is likewise dexamethasone-inducible, and there is no description of glucocorticoid-responsive elements in the 5' regulatory region of the human LCN2 gene [ 28 ] . Further, preliminary investigation in our laboratory, using in vitro cultures of purified PBMCs from healthy volunteers, indicates that neither the LCN2 gene nor any of the other 3 transcripts is directly inducible by acute treatment with either SU5416 or dexamethasone (data not shown).
But his repeated warnings were brushed off ; last year, Elizabeth Moler, the then-acting Energy Secretary, told him to withhold his findings from Congress, who could use them to criticize Clinton's policy towards China.
A. vitis F2/5(pT2TFXK) and F2/5(pT2TX3K) were constructed by triparental mating using standard procedures.
The normal distributions modeled after real-life cDNA data used in Baldi and Long [ 4 ] were used here to provide a testing ground for the methods (Table 2).
The papers all have the same basic lawsuit details: The government and state lawyers argue that after an abortive attempt at an "illegal conspiracy" deal with browser rival Netscape, Microsoft violated antitrust laws by using its virtual lock with Windows to dominate the Internet browser market.
It surprises me to see a Big Name economics journalist like Krugman following this trend, and, further, using it to discourage dissent within the profession.
Using this technique, they showed a G1 block by PP1 that was dependent upon the presence of pRB.
Using this average the probabilities for a measuring grid square 4 time larger than the capture square are:
Benzodiazepines are used widely to treat terminal delirium as they are anxiolytics, amnestics, skeletal muscle relaxants, and antiepileptics [ 93 ] . Pre-dissolved oral lorazepam can be administered against the buccal mucosa and dose escalated to effect.
(Figure 1) Compared to conventional studies using these same quality criteria the homeopathic studies had a higher number of validity threats in 21 categories (63.
The method used consisted of an initial identification of nutrient partitioning genes based on annotation and selection of genes that potentially participate in the grain-filling process by clustering of expression profiles via Self-Organizing Map (SOM), followed by hierarchical clustering influenced by the SOM gene ordering [ 2 ] . A set of grain filling related, nutrient partitioning gene clusters were identified via informed visual inspection of the hierarchical clustering results.
A variety of control activities are used in information processing.
The BeT procedure was used to identify perfectly symmetrical COGs of size 3 for this species group.
To identify scaled signals that are detectable above background and to accurately estimate fold changes (ratios), a threshold is set using the scaled background values.
Although there seems to be no reason for jayvee , it must be noted that the date given for the first appearance of a word is actually a record of when it was first found in print, and earlier oral use could not distinguish J. V. from jayvee . The word was no doubt used orally much earlier.
For example, data from concentrations above the NOEC for survival are included in determining ICp estimates using the Linear Interpolation Method.
A blank PCR was run using water for each gene tested.
To understand the role of such a committee, and to provide recommendations for future efforts, we reviewed the results of the CEC process used in the PURSUIT trial to identify and adjudicate suspected end-point MIs.
We have previously shown that the in vitro priming protocol used in the present study induces the differentiation of early uncommitted CD4 +, CD27 +memory T cells into IL-4-producing effector cells [ 17].
To construct the GST-fusion protein expression vectors, the BTBD inserts from the prey vector pPC86 were amplified using primers complementary to the BTBD coding regions with additional Sma I and EcoR I restriction sites for insertion into these sites in pGEX-2TK (Pharmacia).
For example, locally weighted linear regression (lowess) normalizations have been used to correct the systematic dependence of the log 2 of the red/green expression ratios on hybridization intensity [ 28 ] . The finding that competitive hybridization in a two-color system requires the hybridization kinetics of the two targets to be the same [ 21 ] may help explain the need for such normalizations.
In these studies the GR-GFP used was derived from the fusion of GFP to a GR mutant that retained the ability to bind agonist, translocate to the nucleus, and bind DNA, but lacked transactivation activity [ 27].
Cost reduction initiatives that typically arise after a program is experiencing problems are common tools used to manage these risks.
Oxidative activity and pH distribution may be used as in situ indexes to improve our understanding of lipid accumulation in subsets of lysosomes.
Antigens were localized by indirect immunofluorescence as previously described [ 16 ] . Dendritic growth was quantified using SPOT image analysis system.
All of the written and oral examinations used to test competency during our training program built on the prior week's session information.
To investigate transcriptional responses to NF-κB inhibition, we analyzed control and SN50-treated E15 + 2 SMG explants using cDNA arrays.
PKQuest will be used to try and provide an explanation of this behavior.
A 300 base pair cDNA probe corresponding to nucleotide residues 779-1078 of the A. thaliana vacuolar type H +-ATPase subunit A gene was generated using primers SM-2 and SM-3 (Table 1).
Captain Arthur Knowles and his First Mate Harold Sherman used a neat expression for the sky when a cool northwesterly breeze swept over the bay clearing out every vestige of cloud except those low to the southeast, where the warm water of the Gulf Stream condensed as a ragged range of billowy clouds.
Both parametric and non-parametric tests were used because the distributional assumptions required for parametric testing may not be satisfied in all cases.
One quarter of each fraction was subjected to SDS-PAGE and immunoblot analysis using the 9E10 monoclonal antibody against the myc epitope (Oncogene Research Products, Cambridge, MA), followed by HRP-conjugated goat anti-mouse IgG and ECL detection reagent (Amersham Corp, Arlington Hts.
We must only hope that our Pakistani friend does not get to sound too much like the aforementioned Mr. Russert--or any of the other Sabbath gasbags, to use the phrase that the wonderful Frank Rich has popularized.
• The interactions of TOP 1 with BTBD1 and BTBD2 were confirmed by deletion mapping using two-hybrid and GST-pulldown assays.
Immediately prior to use, cells were homogenized on ice in PBS using a glass tissue homogenizer then centrifuged at 35 000 × g for 30 minutes in a Beckman JA20 rotor (4°C).
Perhaps an ingenuous minority used it innocently in its hippie heyday; but most often one heard it uttered with a bit of wonderment, as if the speaker couldn't believe that he or she was really using the word.
The primers for rat TNF-α, were designed using the DNASTAR Lasergene software (Madison, WI) and the rat TNF-α cDNA sequence (GenBank accession number NM 012675), and are sense (bp 127 - 150):5'-GGG GCC ACC ACG CTC TTC TGT CTA-3' and antisense (bp 285 - 307): 5'-CCT CCG CTT GGT TTG CTA CG-3', and generate a 181 bp cDNA product.
We also filter terms using stringent criteria, a critical step that allows the analysis of patterns of term occurrences by hierarchical clustering.
Northern Blots were performed using standard procedures [ 35 ] . Quantitation used a Storm PhosphorImager (Amersham Biosciences, Sunnyvale, CA).
A century later the term cat's-foot was used for a dupe.
The biologic activity of the mhATF-BPTI was tested in vitro in a plasmin inhibition assay using the chromogenic substrate S2251 (Chromogenix, Mölndahl, Sweden).
As no one appears to use the pronunciations anyway, they matter little.
(This is an expression frequently used by my British colleagues and one that in my opinion is as silly as basing a legal system on what's done.)
eNOS expression in the lung, as studied using quantitative reverse-transcription PCR, was increased 1.5-fold following hypoxia as compared with normoxic conditions, whereas iNOS expression was increased 3.5-fold (Fig.
Songket was originally reserved for royalty, but is today also used for bridal dresses, other ceremonial robes, cushion-covers, and handbags.
Each of the 10 plasmids was used to synthesize cRNA in vitro . cRNAs were quantitated and differentially spiked into heart and brain RNA samples at specific copy numbers based on the following assumptions: 360,000 mRNA transcripts per cell, 20 pg total RNA per cell and 1 pg mRNA transcript per cell; hence, 100 'spike' copies/cell would be equivalent to about 0.14 ng 'spike' transcript in 10 μg total RNA [ 12].
The results show that this 55 kDa protein is detected regardless of which antibody is used for immunoprecipitation or immunoblotting.
The guidelines used to define gene models in the euchromatin [ 48] were modified slightly, to deal with the unique properties of heterochromatic sequence (see Materials and methods).
For both DGCr1 and r2, custom oligonucleotide primers designed using Autofinish [ 10] were used to bring the sequences to high quality.
Weight matrices can be used to scan genomic DNA and determine statistically significant matches to the sequence pattern described by the matrix [ 14].
Using regional cancer rates, standardized incidence ratios (SIR) were calculated.
On this data, our goal is to cluster the genes, and the four functional categories are used as our external knowledge.
But in this year's cable indecency case, known as Denver Consortium , four Supreme Court justices were willing to use Pacifica as a guide for cable television as well as over-the-air broadcasting.
Arrays were printed using a Flexys robot (Genomic Solutions) on a 9 × 9 double-spotted grid with 400 μm spacing between spots.
Chris Dodd; they were the ones for whom Mark was accused in the red chyron of "Raising Millions"), choosing, instead, to use the phony picture to segue into a general attack on John Warner's character.
This contention is further supported by published data showing that the npr1-2 allele failed to interact with putative target TGA transcription factor genes in a two-hybrid assay [ 17 ] or in an in vivo , reporter gene-based assay [ 18 ] . The treatment of npr1-2 seedlings with exogenous SA failed to induce increases in PR-1 gene expression under some experimental conditions [ 19 ] albeit not under all conditions [ 15 ] . The potential alternative explanation that results presented herein were caused by residual gene product function in the mutant lines used is thus not correct.
The five disease models we used varied in heritability from0.
To further investigate its evolutionary relationships, we used the sequence of this β-barrel unit from the PRC-H protein (gi: 132177, residues 151-257) of Rhodopseudomonas viridis in a PSI-BLAST [ 21] search of the non-redundant (NR) database at the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI).
This new technique was used to assess the influence upon pedal cutaneous perfusion of the insertion of a femoral artery catheter for the purpose of measuring ITBV, EVLW and cardiac output (CO) using the Pulsion COLD system.
For both types of hypotheses, evidence against the null hypothesis can be summarized formally under probability models for the data or more informally by using internal indices as described next.
The measured and Lungview ®-derived volumes of aliquots were compared by linear regression analysis and using the Bland-Altman method [ 21].
By 1961, the percentage using traditional bundles had fallen to 26 percent; PBS had risen to 69 percent of all production workers, and line systems remained uncommon at 5 percent.
For many years, I used AmiPro because I liked the interface and features better, but I eventually gave it up and switched to MS Word.
DNA was extracted from 250 μL aliquots by using the QIAmp DNA Mini Kit (QIAGEN Inc., Valencia, CA).
Univariate analysis was performed with Chi-Square testing for categorical variables (Fisher exact test used for violations of Cochran's assumptions) and student's t-test for continuous variables (Mann Whitney test was used for variables without a Gaussian distribution).
Multivariate analysis was carried out using Cox proportional hazard model.
The alignments generated from the cDNA sequences were used to create new gene models for the corresponding genes in the A. thaliana genome.
Some studies have supported its use by finding that acceleromyography compares closely with other more sophisticated equipment [ 26 27 ] , whereas clinical trials using the TOF-Guard to measure neuromuscular function have been increased.
During the preparation of this manuscript, a similar study using a recombinant Ad-mIL-4 vector for treatment of murine CIA was reported [ 31].
If the toxicity value from a given test with the reference toxicant falls well outside the expected range for the test organisms when using the standard dilution water, the laboratory should investigate sources of variability, take corrective actions to reduce identified sources of variability, and perform an additional reference toxicant test during the same month.
The supercritical carbon dioxide (SCCO 2 ) extracts of Idaho red sand (Figure 1) and a Lake Boney Basin Antarctica soil, which contained relatively few bacteria (Table 1), showed detectable signature molecules in the extracted samples using either a diode array detector or an amperometric detector (Figure 1).
The URL database used to generate basic PubMed search strings for human genes can be downloaded (see Additional data files).
The northernmost Temple of Ceres was built around 500 b.c. , and was later used as a church in the early Middle Ages, as attested by three Christian tombs.
This pipeline aligns Drosophila ESTs, cDNA sequences, and other sequences in GenBank using sim4 [ 53], performs DNA and protein sequence similarity searches of the GenBank and SwissProt/TrEMBL databases using BLASTX and TBLASTX, and executes the gene-prediction algorithms Genie [ 68] and Genscan [ 69].
Existing microarray datasets, such as that reported in [ 21], were generated using spotted cDNA arrays [ 13] derived from the same DGC clone set [ 14, 15, 16] that we used for the in situ probes, and were therefore unsuitable as independent controls.
In the case of a nonequilibrium system, in principle, measurements of a system might pay in the sense that more work could be extracted from the system  which now becomes a provider of energy  than need be used to record and later erase the measurement.
In all subsequent discussion, the term 'class' is used to refer to the external knowledge, while the term 'cluster' refers to the partitions created by the algorithm.
Control beads were soaked in PB overnight at 4°C and used the next day.
Cobuild is intended for the foreign learner of English, whose dual concern is with understanding and using the core vocabulary of English, and who, having achieved that aim, can “graduate” to a dictionary for native speakers—like CED .
Hence, fraction 6 (CM-IV-6) was collected, lyophilized and resolved further using HPLC gradient system-II which yielded two peaks: CM-IV-6A and CM-IV-6B.
In these cases, the average of the differential expression values (fold difference) for the different hybridizations was used in subsequent calculations.
However, when the noun is used adjectivally it can mean `each' or `every': Ilka lassie ha' here laddi.
Spleen cells from arthritic animals were depleted of CD25 +cells using negative selection as described above (0.
Using gene annotations in the Arabidopsis genome database, this simple computer-based analysis not only avoided the time and cost required for hybridization-based experimental methods [ 24, 25, 26], but also allowed us to make informed decisions as to the location of unidentified genes of interest, as well as intervening genes between test markers in the target area.
For instance, the verb is used to mean "to deprive of vigor" in this sentence from a letter to the editor of the conservative Washington Times : "Bravo to Tony Snow for exposing the bobbi[t]ting of the GOP leadership when confronted with Democratic tirades."
This sample was loaded on Whatman 3 mm chromatography paper and developed using solvent system of water:Acetic Acid:Acetone in ratio of 90:10:1.
We have demonstrated, using in vitro methods, that osteoclast precursors exposed to RANKL for 1-2 days can be rendered resistant to maximal osteoclast-inhibitory doses of IFN-γ.
The surface roughness value for that distance was then used to determine the average value for all the dies.
Due to the unavoidable tentativeness in identification, while analyzing parasite diversity we used two strategies.
When the patent expired, new manufacturers simply used shredded wheat as a descriptive term.
The WP carries an AP story inside stating that the man who used the Internet last spring to accuse the Navy of shooting down TWA Flight 800 is now saying that action was "reckless and a mistake."
However, expression of alleles that result in embryonic lethality cannot be studied using regular transgenic procedures because lines of founder mice cannot be established.
Descriptions are a method of providing extra information allowing both NVTs and free text: for example, MAGE-OM allows users to describe protocols (as well as experimental materials, see below) using free-text descriptions.
Some structure is evident in Figure 2, and this method can be used to recognize relationships among the genes and samples.With any method that reduces the dimension of the data, however, finer structure can be lost.
To verify whether decreased levels of functional M6P/IGF2R can provide a growth advantage for cancer cells, we used viral and ribozyme strategies to reduce the expression of M6P/IGF2R in human breast cancer cells and then examined the effect on growth and apoptosis of these cells.
When proper procedural safeguards are used, these elements alone do not diminish the value of case study methods.
We used the OSCE to examine how well second-year students learned clinical skills in the second-year physical diagnosis course at Harvard Medical School.
We use two methods to assess cluster quality: cluster accuracy and cluster stability.
These primers are used to synthesize PCR products directly from genomic DNA, which serves as template during the first stage of PCR amplification.
This clone, designated MBT2+RheoSwitch-2, was used for further development.
The "high resolution" time points used above do not improve the estimate of the absorption rate since the additional points are at early times before any significant absorption occurs.
Elevated levels of methionine can then be used in the synthesis of SAM while THF has downstream effects on uracil to thymidine conversions involved with DNA repair and synthesis [ 24 ] .
Using the PWM, the most conserved stretches were rapidly identified making possible the design of robust primers based on the criteria described in Methods.
Note too the pockmarks on some of the headstones caused by the British who used them for target practice before the Battle of Bunker Hill (see page 16).
An RGS3-GST fusion protein was incubated with an 35S-Met-Gα-protein, and the amount of labeled Gα-protein was determined using glutathione-coupled beads to "pull down" the RGS3-GST/ 35S-Gα-protein complex that was then separated and quantified by SDS/PAGE (Fig.
A point mutation changing glycine 94 to glutamic acid was made into three-myc Bid using the primers 5'-GCCCAGGTCGAGGACAGCATG-3' and 5'-CATGCTGTCCTCGACCTGGGC-3' using standard techniques.
The curator used the Apollo editing tool to annotate the region, after which the data in the modified XML file was stored in Gadfly.
TBP was detected using monoclonal antibodies 3G3 and 2C1 [ [ 66 67 68 ] ]. TAF II 135 was detected using monoclonal antibody 20TA [ 5] which recognizes an epitope in the conserved C-terminal domain and monoclonal antibody 32TA raised against peptide P1 in the N-terminal region as described in [ 5].
For the same reason, many civilians may have been unable to use the emergency intercom phones, as they had been advised to do in fire drills.
We used potato-based media because they are commonly used to grow fungal pathogens.
The median or mean of a negative control group is regarded an adequate measure for non-specific hybridization [ 13 ] , however, due to low specificity (~50%) we conclude that neither thresholds should be used if maximum specificity is required.
For the complete data set (21 samples plus two pooled samples) gene and sample clusters were prepared using Cluster and visualized with TreeView [ 25 ] , using log 10 -transformed and median-centered average difference values.
K d values were determined by fitting the binding data to the following equation using Graphpad PRISM (San Diego CA): B = B max [L] n/ ([L] n+ K n), where B is bound ligand, B max is the maximum binding at equilibrium L is the free ligand concentration and n is the Hill coefficient.
Both pulse sequences used a time-to-echo of 8.5ms, section thicknesses of 0.5mm, in-plane resolutions of 100μm, and two averages, for a total imaging time of less than 1 hour per sample.
Information on antibiotic use patterns, the illnesses for which antibiotics are prescribed and the DDD/100 bed-days of commonly used antibiotics in hospitals in Western Nepal are lacking.
Since 1993, the administration has been using export restrictions as leverage to encourage American companies to adopt a standard with a "backdoor "--a route of entry for an outsider, such as the U.S. government, to recover encrypted data.
Similarly, the feasibility and safety of carotid angioplasty and stenting using the PercuSurge GuardWire system has been determined [ 10].
GSA officials responsible for the program told us they believe the savings achieved through this program far outweigh the benefits the government would gain through more aggressive efforts to capture and use frequent flyer miles for official travel.
Some portion of gross national saving pays for replacing capital goods that have been worn out or used up in producing goods and services-consumption of fixed capital in technical terms, or hereafter simply depreciation.
Managers should use performance information to continuously improve organizational processes, identify performance gaps, and set improvement goals.
BES from clone 357N13 was then used to repeat the alignment searches and identified another clone RPCI-11_488J11, which overlapped STS markers Cda11d08 and WI-16741.
All the NlpC/P60 homologs recovered in the above searches were collated and clustered at various thresholds of BLAST-bit-score to high-scoring pairs (HSP)-length ratios using the BLASTCLUST program.
Defenders call it a "largely episodic collection of great moments that aren't all causally linked in that comforting way we're used to" (Yahlin Chang, Newsweek ). Tom Wolfe, who attacked the book in the literary magazine Biblio on the basis of its title--without having read a word of the manuscript--draws a stinging retort from Kirn in the latest issue of Tin House , in which he writes a lovely parody of a negative review for his own book: "I consider it my duty as the author of this offensive work, to carry even further Wolfe's condemnation in hopes of neutralizing, from the start, a potentially harmful literary contagion."
Only very recently have there been concerted efforts to identify such genes systematically, using both experimental and computational approaches [ 1 ] .
For example, to analyze the draft sequence of the repeat-rich heterochromatin [ 40], we needed to adjust the parameters and datasets used, but also to develop an entirely new repeat-masking approach to facilitate gene finding in highly repetitive regions.
(I guess we don't use the word "starlet" for such cases; it is reserved for something else.)
Sequence searches of the non-redundant (NR) and the unfinished genomes databases, were done using the gapped BLAST and PSI-BLAST programs [ 38 ] . Iterative PSI-BLAST searches used for in-depth sequence analysis were done with the profile inclusion cutoff expectation value (E value) set at 0.1.
, where a CUBITAINER® used), or by using an appropriate discharge valve (spigot).
That's the way they used to run things in places like El Salvador and Honduras."
The single nucleotide polymorphisms used to determine M6P/IGF2R loss of heterozygosity were assessed by direct sequencing of PCR products according to the manufacturer's protocol (Thermo Sequenase, USB Corporation, Cleveland, OH) (Figure 1).
2). Yes, running for public office while serving as first lady does trouble me in ways that go beyond legalistic questions of whether White House funds are used for her travel and campaign expenses.
One advantage of this approach was that by detecting Myo1c using a sensitive ELISA method, we were able to use very low concentrations of Myo1c.
We advise that the above items are not used until the retailer or the company has been contacted.
To select genes that were changed between CC and Chr in our pilot data set we used an arbitrary cutoff of 2 fold-change units in combination with the Affymetrix difference call (see Methods).
All filopodia and microvilli are morphologically slender and these descriptive terms in general have not been used to refer to microextensions having a particular dimension.
In the SAPS II system, a score-to-risk transformation developed by Le Gall et al . [ 16] for sepsis patients was used.
Beaten, raped and tortured in her politically repressive homeland, she knowingly used someone else's passport to escape to America, but was caught by immigration authorities upon her arrival.
Commercial laboratories using this system have not experienced any difficulty in using the water for culturing or testing.
Following the death of the last whale at Hong Kong's Ocean Park, the South China Morning Post called Friday for an end to using marine mammals for popular entertainment.
Following the identification of regulated genes, a second method - quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) using Taqman™ - was used to establish that selected, regulated genes detected by microarray could be confirmed in the same sample by RT-PCR, to compare the magnitude of regulation determined by microarray and RT-PCR and to verify the validity of selected regulated genes by examining the gene expression levels in lung RNA from multiple, individual control and challenged monkeys.
The Cre- loxP site specific recombination system [ 1] is widely used for production of tissue-specific and conditional knockout alleles in mice [ 2, 3].
I use little children.
In contrast to trial-blinded Washington, states are using their newly bulging coffers to reform education, health care, and Social Security.
To ensure that obtained relationships were robust, influential points (outliers) were identified using a statistic (DFFITS) which measured the change in coefficients caused by removing the data for each subject.
Using a value from the time-series literature of an approximate 1% increase in deaths per 10 μg/m 3increase in PM 2.5 [ 27 35 36 ] , assuming that each time-series death represents a loss of only one life-year, and using US EPA's value of statistical life year of $360,000 [ 17 ] , our annual mortality benefit would be decreased from $1.
Hu and co-workers [ 27 ] compared amplified and unamplified samples using total RNA obtained from human glioma cell lines and 2300 clone microarrays (printed with duplicates on the same array) to evaluate a similar T7 based protocol with a TS mechanism adopted from Wang and Miller et al.
The following monoclonal antibody combinations were used to characterize the phenotypes of T cells: anti-CD45RA-FITC/anti-CD3-PE/anti-CD62L-CyChrome/ anti-CD4-APC; and anti-CD45RA-FITC/anti-CD3-PE/anti-CD62L-CyChrome/anti-CD8-APC (PharMingen, San Diego, CA, USA).
By using all the previous information that is available to restrict the model and minimize the number of adjustable parameters, PKQuest greatly increases the predictive power of the analysis.
And with the exception of napalm and Agent Orange used in Vietnam, the United States is not known to have used chemical weapons in battle since World War I. To allay concerns about any loss in deterrence, the Clinton administration has said that the United States will respond to any use of chemical weapons with an "overwhelming and devastating" attack.
At the 5 minute measurement, however, IOP was the same using all doses suggesting that the anesthetic effect on IOP had not yet occurred.
The spores were collected by centrifugation, washed twice with 100 mL of sterile water, freeze dried, and stored under desiccation until used.
To assign putative functions to clusters, the integrated protein domain recognition program InterProScan [ 97 98 ] was run locally to search translated contig consensus sequences versus all InterPro protein domains (as of 2 April 2002) [ 99 ] . The Prosite, Prints, Pfam, ProDom, and Smart search components of InterProScan were used with default parameters.
[ 10 ] , using only a single round of amplification.
Because three arsC genes have been reported for different strains/plasmids of E. coli , and two arsC genes have been identified for both Salmonella typhimurium and Clostridium acetobutylicum (plasmid and chromosomal for each; Table 1 [see Additional file 1]) only one 16S rRNA sequence was used for each to avoid potential biases and inaccurate attractions due to sequence identity.
It is indeed suggestive that the presence of TrpEb_2 correlates almost perfectly with the absence of the primary L-serine deaminase (COG1760) used in nature (Table 3).
And now,” concludes Maxwell with a broad smile, “we can use the macroscopic temperature dierence between the left and right boxes to extract mechanical work, say, by driving a piston.”
But as this primer suggests, it has become a collection of meaningless terms, used as new bottles into which the old wine of liberalism and conservatism is poured.
Normal and logistic distributions are easy to work with using numerical methods.
You can use your computer to take a virtual tour of the abbey at <www.abbayedefontenay.com>.
The confusion comes with those games whose names emerged from the equipment used ( paddleball ) or from the peculiarities of the court construction ( platform tennis ). A tangential problem relates to certain ancient racquet sports approaching obsolescence ( court tennis, racquets, squash tennis , for example) whose original clear-cut identity has become hazy owing to recently created sports, such as racquetball and platform tennis , which share some of the characteristics of the older games.
For Patternfind, the following parameters are used:
Techniques used included
Because it provides an approach to the evaluation of disparate systems, we used the SR method to evaluate a sample of homeopathic clinical trials and compare them to the quality of research in conventional studies previously evaluated by the SR method [ 20 ] . Our specific aim was to get representative samples of the "best" research in both homeopathy and conventional medicine and objectively evaluate their quality using a "system neutral" approach to research assessment.
Clinton's advisers, who used to protect him by spinning and covering up his wrongdoing, have turned skeptical.
Changes in the rate of vectorial Ca transport in the intestine however must be accomplished without a major disruption in the free intracellular Ca concentration, which is used as an important intracellular signal in the enterocyte [ 5 ] as in other cells.
Our initial attempts with standardized transfection procedures using OligofectAMINE (Life Technologies: Bethesda, MD) with the dsRNA did not produce an appreciable loss of PfPP1.
Time's and Newsweek 's cover stories describe the cloning process, predicting that the technology will be used on humans in seven years ( Time ) or in one to 10 years ( Newsweek ). Neither is terribly keen on the idea, but both agree that human clones would be normal.
Testis sections on the corpus slides were used as positive controls and showed the same color pattern as the epididymis for the presence and absence of the signal (data not shown).
Protein secondary structure was predicted using a multiple alignment as the input for the JPRED and PHD programs [ 42 43 44 ] . Preliminary clustering of proteins was done using the BLASTCLUST program with empirically determined length and score threshold cut off values (For documentation see ftp://ftp.ncbi.nih.gov/blast/documents/README.bcl).
Control experiments aimed to demonstrate the specificity of the staining with the MIF antibody and to rule out cross-reactivity of secondary antisera included: 1) preabsorption controls: incubation of the MIF antibody with the peptide used to produce the antibody; 2) omission of the primary antibody; 3) omission of either one of the primary antisera used for double-immunofluorescence.
Plasmid DNA was prepared using the full lysate protocol of the Montage™ Plasmid Miniprep96 Kit (Millipore, Bedford, MA).
Then he used false story . This word story presents interesting possibilities.
For hospice patients with severe dyspnea and fatigue, a bipolar 11-point Dyspnea Graphic Rating Intensity Scale (DGRIS) was used.
List of abbreviations used
Equal loading was confirmed by either immunoblotting for actin or Coomassie-blue staining of gel lanes loaded and subjected to SDS-PAGE in a manner identical to those used for immunoblotting.
In order to compare the use of CAM terminology among authors and indexers, we focused the study on the standard practice of using MeSH among various databases.
Following each round of 5' sequencing, all sequences were clustered using a clustering algorithm that forms separate clusters if there are more than 6 nucleotide differences in any 30-nucleotide window of the match.
Gels were stained with ethidium bromide and viewed using a UV trans-illuminator.
Cells were either used fresh or frozen at this step until needed.
STRPs which passed these first two hurdles were then used in genome scans within the Mammalian Genotyping Service (see Marshfield web site) using hundreds of DNA samples from various geographical locations.
The statistical significance of this spacing was assessed using a permutation test by selecting the set of genes that contained a conserved word pair and then randomizing the assignment of one of the words to the genes containing that word (see Materials and methods).
In this paper, we discuss the problem when a nonparametric method, the normal mixture model approach [ 10], is used to detect differential expression.
Key terms and search strategy used to identify articles in the databases used in this review.
The recombinant virus was purified and amplified by infecting two 10 cm dishes of Cre 8 cells using 100 μl lysate.
The sequences of all proteins encoded in the analyzed genomes were compared to each other using the gapped BLASTP program [ 37 ] . Reciprocal, genome-specific BeTs were collected at different expectation (E) value cutoffs (0.
Using BLASTN, sequence from each cDNA clone was compared to genomic sequence, predicted genes, predicted coding sequences (CDSs), known Drosophila transposable elements, and Escherichia coli transposable elements.
The president used to prefer the fright-wig Arkansas hairdos of Flowers and Jones.
RNA was extracted using RNA STAT-60 (Tel-Test Inc., Friendswood, TX) from eight 150 mm plates of exponentially growing sub-confluent cells that were at similar passage numbers.
Toxicity test method used (title, number, source)
An all-against-all structure comparison between all the initial models was used to produce a multiple sequence alignment based on structural similarity for a given family.
Eyes with extensively opaque corneas or obvious cataracts were not used for ERG assessment, and mice with retinal detachments were dropped from the study.
For patients using oral medications, older age and lower neighborhood SES were also associated with lower odds of initiating SMBG.
Having accused Republicans of cynicism for suggesting that Clinton cynically used the Iraq conflict to delay the impeachment vote, Democrats use the conflict to delay the vote.
Because the changes in expression are relatively small, we used real time PCR for this end.
• If the general funds would have been used to redeem federal debt held by the public or acquire nonfederal financial assets, national saving initially would be unchanged because personal saving would increase by the amount that government saving decreases.
Spectrophotometrical absorbency of the samples was measured using an UV-visible Recording Spectrophotometer with wavelength of 550-690 nm.
In speeches and official communications, please refrain from using the following:
Cells used for infections and mRNA isolations were seeded into dishes containing 20 × 20 mm coverslips.
In light of the beneficial effect of carvedilolon the progression of heart failure, and its unique multi-actionsthat are not shared by any other β-blocking drug or by any otheragent currently used in the treatment of heart failure, our findingsrepresent an important new mechanism of improved cardiac function.
Patients' care needs were recorded using an instrument that was developed and validated specifically to assess dependency of patients with Alzheimer's disease [ 9 ] . This dependence scale was designed to assess levels of need and therefore the care expected to be required, as a result of the loss of cognitive and functional skills typically observed in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
9 and gc3'pET and the wild-type (pET/T7p/T7) plasmid were used to generate two gene fragments, which were in turn assembled by overlap PCR.
A MEDLINE search was conducted using databases from 1966 to May 1997.
We used Clontech's Human Heart Marathon-Ready cDNA (Cat # 7404-1) to perform 5' and 3' RACE to the TMOD4 gene.
Some best practices include focusing on improving communications with management and using external advisors.
These computations were carried out using the S-PLUS software package (Mathsoft, Seattle, WA).
Total numbers of viable cells at each mefloquine concentration were determined using trypan blue exclusion as previously described [ 14 ] . Viability (%) was calculated using the following formula: Viability (%) = # viable cells in treated culture/# viable cells in control culture * 100.
If he is unwilling to stand up to them and assert himself, then perhaps, to use your phrase, he should lie, alone, with the sleeping dogs ...
Where available, genotypes from offspring of the adults were used to phase these data (using the program PHAMILY), which reduced the number to 127/2,544 (5%) phase-unknown sites in the Gambian dataset and 75/1,008 (7%) phase-unknown sites in the Malawian dataset.
tBid G94E was used predominantly for testing the hypothesis of localization of tBid to contact sites.
The dosage used was 600R (6 Gy).
But this sort of targeting raises an ethical question: Should a person, by virtue of registering to use a certain Web site, become the involuntary recipient of political propaganda?
Only 7% of patients managed without drugs used any test strips during the year.
Power for any analyses involving continuous measures can be approximated using an independent t test comparison between the incident cases and controls.
WGS1 used 3,156,000 paired-end shotgun reads from genomic plasmids and 12,152 paired BAC-end reads.
Probit models were estimated using the packages LIMDEP [ 21 ] and STATA [ 22 ] .
With the gene-expression-only dataset, we used the 'normalized' gene expression data, 1,040 genes, for all rats.
Using a Leica CM300 cryostat (Leica, Wetzler, Germany), frozen brains were sectioned into five series of 20 mm slices, with individual sections within a series separated by 100 mm.
The Council's documents did not itemize the savings projected at the 2 percent level, but using the Mayor's figures, a 2 percent cut would result in budget for prosecutors of $226.
Inclusion of more diverse and non-clinical populations of obese and extremely obese individuals, and using research designs that better account for rater and subject biases, inter-rater reliability, and diagnostic methodology, will likely give more definitive answers to this report's questions and implications.
Cleverest of the three , Nobunaga used another Western weapon, Christianity, against the principal remaining threat to his authority — the strongholds surrounding Kyoto.
All normalization factors were within 10% of 1. Statistical curve fitting was carried out using GraphPad Prism 2.01.
They use the same tools and methods as their ancestors, and demonstrate the same skills.
Reverse transcription was also performed at 70°C using the thermophilic Tth polymerase with magnesium as the cofactor to enable it to use mRNA as a template.
Adrienne Lehrer's “Wine Vocabularly and Wine Description” [XVIII, 3] reminded me of a bogus word used by the distinguished British oenophile N. Kenne Grant, Chevalier et Baron du Vin.
The NMU-induced rat model of mammary tumorigenesis is widely used for chemoprevention studies, and yields rapid development of hormonally responsive mammary tumors with 100% incidence [ 2, 4, 18].
The correct sequence for LOC244579, which encodes a protein of 648 amino acids, can be located using gi:20888005.
It is plausible that in some other mammalian cell types, subcellular targeting signals similar to Arabidopsis may be used.
When used (see Figure 3), gp32 was 0.01% (wt/vol).
and World Bank) that used impeccable deductive logic to show that mass unemployment was impossible, or temporary, or unimportant.
Mortality Probability Models (MPM) II differ slightly in that they use categorical variables (with the exception of age) for mortality prediction [ 4].
Modeling software (ModFit, Verity Software House, Topsham, ME) was used to determine the phase fractions from analysis of single parameter DNA data.
The intensities recorded in ratio images are proportional to local GFP-myosin-II concentrations and were used to measure the accumulation and dynamics of myosin-II distribution.
In contrast, in the analysis described here, the different methods will be tested using the same PBPK model that was used to determine r(t).
There were no apparent trends with total time used; compared with women who never used birth control pills, the use of birth control pills for up to 2 years, 2-6 years, 6-10 years, and more than 10 years had ORs of 0.55 (95% CI, 0.33-0.
Briefly, approximately 10 8cells were transfected with pcDNA 3.1 constructs (Invitrogen) bearing either murine Smo (wild-type or W539L mutant), GFP, rat β2AR (Invitrogen), or murine Ptc cDNAs using Fugene 6 (Roche).
However, this approach could be used to detect rare somatic mutations and to diagnosis cancer with genomic DNA collected from patient samples or biopsies [ 23 24 25 26 27 ] in a manner similar to Digital PCR developed by Vogelstein and Kinzler [ 22 ] . In the case of analyzing pancreatic juice for p53 and K- ras 2 mutations, it seems likely that only a small percentage of DNA harbors mutant DNA.
A lawmaker who was there tells the Post that Gingrich also told the group, "I want you to forget the word 'scandals' and start using the word 'crimes.
SSR primers were used to amplify the genomic DNAs extracted from a panel of 24 peanut accessions with diversified origins (see Table 1).
HUVEC cultures in 6-well plates were photographed using CK40 Olympus culture microscope (Olympus, Japan) with a SPOT camera and software (Diagnostic Instruments, Inc., MI, USA).
The spline fitting algorithms of Spath [ 30 ] were used for both the interpolating ("cub2r7") and smoothing ("cubsm1") conditions.
The following files are available with the online version of this article: expression datasets of the cell culture and xenograft profiles as a tab-delimited text file (Additional data file 1); a spreadsheet file including extra data, such as the scale-normalized means prior to quantile normalization, p -values from the 'present' test, a sheet of data from 60 control probe-sets on the Affymetrix chips, and data from the mouse lung tissue control profile (Additional data file 2); the search results for significantly enriched classes for GO annotation (Additional data file 3) and for MeSH term literature associations (Additional data file 4) for genes found to significantly differ at p < 0.01, fold change > 2 between tumors and cell cultures for a given cell line; the values used in the classifications of cell culture lineage using xenograft tumor profiles, together with the classification results, which correctly predicted the lineage of all six cell culture profiles, as an Excel spreadsheet (Additional data file 5).
So far, the federal government has used surplus funds to reduce its debt held by the public.
For the data presented in the Results section, local normalization was used; however, our scripts allow a choice between the local and global schemes (see Additional data files for scripts).
(This is not the only simple mistake leading to a big one in the news today: the papers all cover NASA's admission that the reason the Mars Orbiter was lost last week was that some engineers did calculations for the mission using pounds and feet, while others used the metric system.)
All procedures were done at 4°C and the protein concentrations of samples were assayed using the Coomassie Blue method.
Various ligands were added and total RNA was prepared 9 hours later and used for Northern blotting using standard procedures [ 27 ] .
McKim (1977) evaluated the data from 56 full life-cycle tests, 32 of which used the fathead minnow, Pimephales promelas, and concluded that the embryo-larval and early juvenile life-stages were the most sensitive stages.
PCR reactions were performed using human testis Marathon RACE-Ready cDNA (Clontech, Palo Alto, CA) using conditions described previously [ 43 ] . PCR products were subcloned in to the pGEM-Teasy plasmid and sequenced.
Methodologies described in this report were tested on a list of 70 genes (see Additional data files) derived from a subset of conditions belonging to a sample gene-expression dataset generated to study the transcriptional response of professional antigen-presenting cells to pathogens using high-density oligonucleotide arrays (D.
Grown in India, it was delivered to Canton, and while China outlawed the trade in 1799, local Cantonese officials were always willing to look the other way for “squeeze money” (a term still used in Hong Kong).
If we used a table of random numbers, and selected as the first two sites those corresponding to the first two numbers between 1 and 16 in the table, we would have selected a probability sample.
Typically, the companies would operate on the same tactical channel, which chiefs on the scene would monitor and use to communicate with the firefighters.
A fragment containing the PPT1 ORF was excised from the pBII-PPT1 using Eco RI and Xho I restriction enzymes and was subcloned downstream of the GST coding region into the Eco RI and Sal I sites of the bacterial expression vector pET-21a GST [ 37 ] . To construct the pET-GST-PPT1 (1-504) plasmid a 453 bp fragment was amplified from pET-GST-PPT1 by PCR using a 3' primer containing a Xho I restriction site and a stop codon designed to truncate the PPT1 gene product at Met504 (5'-gatcctcgagTTAcattggttttatatctggg) and a 5' primer (5'-gtaatgcatggtggttta) encompassing the Nsi I restriction site of PPT1 . The PCR product was cloned into the Nsi I and Xho I restriction sites of pET-GST-PPT1 and sequenced.
According to the manufacturer, Alexa-calmodulin had two dye moieties per calmodulin molecule; the modified residues were likely Lys-75 and Lys-94, the most reactive of calmodulin's lysine residues [ 44 ] . After incubation for 2 hours at room temperature, we transferred 50 μl of the solution to another 96-well plate and measured fluorescence (excitation 485 nm; emission, 520 nm) using a BMG Labtechnologies Fluorostar 403 microplate fluorometer (Durham, NC).
Or what if Jewel was one angry bitch with a bad hair day and a gun to use on any guy she despised?
The scaffold lies approximately 100 kb proximal to the end of the Release 3 euchromatic sequence of 2L [ 47] as determined by genomic Southern blots using single-copy probes derived from the ends of the scaffold and the Release 3 2L sequence [ 61].
Proteolytic fragments separated by SDS-PAGE were transferred to ProBlott PVDF membranes (Applied Biosystems, Inc.) as described by LeGendre et al [ 38 ] . Coomassie-stained protein bands were then subjected to sequence analysis using either a Model 491 or Model 470A gas phase sequencer equipped with a Model 120A on-line phenylthiohydantoin analyzer (Applied Biosystems, Inc).
Products that get used up as they are used naturally have this property.
Phylogenetic analyses describe divergence within a viral population, and these methods have been used to infer the selective advantages of viral variation [ 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30].
R-PCR samples were generated from 50 ng restricted DNA using the Round A/ Round B protocol described in [ 9 12 ] . Briefly, Sequenase (Amersham) was used for two cycles of synthesis using a degenerate primer (5'-GTTTCCCAGTCACGATCNNNNNNNNN-3' ('round A').
So the idiomaticity of the phrase we used in our letter to former subscribers (Dear Friends of VERBATIM'S) all depends on whether you feel VERBATIM is more like your mother or the British Museum!
Complexity analysis using the SEG program showed that the reported PAS domain mapped to a region that was predicted to be entirely non-globular.
Right and left readings for oral (temperature oral), axillary (temperature axilla), groin (temperature groin), and rectal (temperature rectal) were taken using sheathed oral/skin mercury-in-glass thermometers and sheathed rectal or oral/skin or rectal Galinstan-in-glass thermometers (respectively).
To help understand the nature of the associations found among groups of genes, occurrence values of a limited number of terms used in the analysis are shown opposite the dendrogram (Figure 3).
Means were compared using unpaired, two-side t -tests and p -values are presented.
The antibodies were visualized using donkey anti rabbit and donkey anti-sheep secondary antibodies (Jackson), labeled with FITC and RITC, respectively.
, called "deep lobbying": Rather than simply using their money to buy influence directly, special interests pursue the longer-term strategy of funding plausible-sounding people and institutions that supply intellectual rationales for the policies they want.
A standard curve was constructed using dilutions of sodium nitrite, and the absorbance was measured at 550 nm.
The high fat diet used in this study led to the development of obesity over the course of five weeks as expected (Fig.
"The U.S. has used 'open skies' agreements as a divide-and-rule tactic, to secure privileged access to the European market for its carriers," the FT said.
After inactivation of the DNase at 75°C for 5 min 5 μl of the lysate was used for first strand synthesis under the conditions recommended by the manufacturer.
Simple Kappa statistics (κ) was calculated to validate the treatment information from the insurance claims and the HTR [ 26 27 ] . BCS was used as reference group throughout the analysis.
The following pages provide a more detailed discussion of these practices and illustrative examples of the techniques used to implement them by the organizations we studied.
The alignment algorithm used (Sim4) forced intron junctions to occur at GT/AG sites whenever possible, even at the expense of a several-base mismatch.
Single-stranded cDNA was synthesized from total RNA using MMLV reverse transcriptase (Retroscript RT kit; Ambion, Inc., Austin, TX, USA).
The necessary machinery for calculating this weighted sum is exactly what we developed previously for searching for significant structure in single sequences [ 12 ] . In that paper we parameterized a stochastic context-free grammar (SCFG) that incorporates a model of hairpin loops, stems, bulges, and internal loops, including stacking and loop-length distributions, making a probabilistic counterpart for the widely used MFOLD program for RNA structure prediction.
Purposeful stepwise multivariable logistic regression models were built to identify statistically significant variables at P = 0.05, and a 10% or greater change in the β-coefficient was used to identify confounders.
It’s well worth walking down Odós Pireós to examine the wall from beyond the protective ditch, to gain an impression of how the city used to look.
To determine whether data of comparable quality can be generated with tissue RNA, we carried out a similar expression analysis using RNA derived from a colon tumor liver metastasis.
While online elections would use fancier technology, they're based on the same premise--that you can send polling authorities a document that will serve as your proxy.
Young R----, a summer intern, used the word constantly but with a smirk.
The Advantage RT-for-PCR Kit (CLONTECH) was used for cDNA synthesis.
(Both George W. Bush and Bill Bradley used [perfectly legal] insider contacts to join the National Guard and Air Force Reserve, respectively, during the Vietnam War.
Due to changes in market conditions and requirements for increased productivity through using common components, a large manufacturing company decided that it needed to make major changes in the way it managed IT to support the business.
Thus, we determined if SN50 treatment was associated with activation of the ERK1/2 and Caspase 3 pathways, using E15 + 2 control and SN50-treated explants, 1-D Western blot analysis, and antibodies specific to activated (phosphorylated/cleaved) proteins.
We use 9/10of the data to train the BPNN or the GPNN, and we use the remaining 1/10of data to test the model and estimate the prediction error, whichis how well the NN model is able to predict disease status in that1/10 of the data.
To clone the complete NRG1 ORF, HZ032 and HZ033 were used to PCR from genomic DNA the complete wild-type NRG1 from -1119 to +719.
Post-transcriptional gene silencing using synthetic short interfering RNA (siRNA) molecules has been recently used to ablate specific mRNAs and thus, produce phenotypic mutations in specific genes [ 16 17 ] . We have adopted this technology to knockdown specific gene products in RNA viruses that are obligatory intracellular parasites [ 18 ] . In the present study, we have successfully used a similar strategy to generate phenotypic PP1-deficient P. falciparum parasites.
Gimble and Thorner [ 14 ] demonstrated intein homing in Saccharomyces cerevisiae using engineered V-ATPase genes from which the intein encoding portion had been previously removed.
The Bonferroni test was used for follow-up comparisons and the comparisons to the normal saline group are given below and in Table 1and in Figure 1where the results are presented graphically.
In addition to the triplet test, the distributions of K s between human and rodents and K s between mouse and rat was used to eliminate potentially non-orthologous sequence sets.
Probes for the two Hemochromatosis mutations H63D and C282Y were designed using the parameters outlined in Methods and used to screen patient sample sets of known genotype (probe sequences in Table 1).
At present, the P. falciparum microarray used in this study consists of approximately 6,000 gene-specific elements corresponding to the majority of the total coding content predicted for the P. falciparum genome.
This method of jacking construction has been used in other retrofits.
The concentration of total RNA and poly(A) +RNA was determined using a GeneSpec I spectrophotometer (Hitachi) and the integrity of total RNA and poly(A) +RNA was assessed using a 2100 Bioanalyzer (Agilent).
Alignment A is also predicted to be best by all of the other methods that we used.
Homopolymers and simple repeats were determined using Repeat-Masker.
Cloning methods were essentially as described previously [ 31 ] . PCR fragments were purified using the QiaQuick PCR purification kit (Qiagen).
(Figure 1), which have been used as a reference standard within the United States.
The DO concentration in the samples should be near saturation prior to use.
Before typing the hybrid panels, the PCR conditions for STS markers were determined using hamster and human genomic DNA as control templates.
Now that it has been shown that the bmr mutations of sorghum also affect the flowering time, the experimental population that can be used to determine the underlying effect has become significantly larger.
God, I used to think every time Johnson grabbed another microphone, why does he have to sound like such a hick?
The terms currently used to define the endpoints employed in the rapid, chronic and sub-chronic toxicity tests have been derived from the terms previously used for full life-cycle tests.
The intelligence community has prepared a world map that highlights possible terrorist havens, using no secret intelligence-just indicating areas that combine rugged terrain, weak governance, room to hide or receive supplies, and low population density with a town or city near enough to allow necessary interaction with the outside world.
As a result, polonies can be used to detect changes in gene copy number that arise due to either deletions or multiplications.
Northern blot analysis was carried out using double-stranded DNA probes labeled to a specific activity of 10 8- 10 9cpm/μg with α-[ 32P] CTP using T7 DNA polymerase and random primers.
There are two published reports of BLM knock-out mice: one strategy used a single deletion allele and found that the homozygous null mutants are embryonic lethals [ 4]; the second strategy used two different deletion alleles and recovered full sized, fertile compound heterozygote mice with an elevated incidence of cancer [ 5].
[ 5 ] . Figure 4shows the PKQuest fit to the meal data using this modified parameter set.
UAS-mCul1, UAS-dCul1 and UAS-dSkpA were generated by subcloning the coding region of the corresponding cDNA in pUAST [ 38 ] . The resulting vectors were then used to transform y 1w 67embryos.
The word boustrophedon is used to describe inscriptions that run as the ox ploughs (left to right, then right to left, and back again).
The impact of using less-vague priors, especially for the variance, when there are few comparisons, is under investigation by a number of researchers.
is expressed in skeletal muscle, with a less abundant ~7 kb transcript expressed in both skeletal and cardiac muscle [ 8 ] . Whereas tropomodulins or the Arp 2/3 complex cap the pointed end of actin filaments, the barbed end can be capped by CapZ, α, β, and γ adducins as well as gelsolin [ 9 10 11 ] . Control of thin filament length is critical for maintaining proper sarcomere function and length [ 12 ] . Inhibition of Tmod1's capping activity - either by using an antibody to its C-terminal end or by decreasing expression using an antisense Tmod1 transcript - results in elongated thin filaments and decreased cardiac contractility [ 13 14 ] . Tmod1 overexpression in rat cardiomyocytes causes shortening of the thin filaments and sarcomere disorganization, resulting in myofibril degeneration [ 14 ] . Likewise, mice overexpressing TMOD1 in the heart show disrupted sarcomere organization with shortened thin filaments, leading to myofibril degeneration and dilated cardiomyopathy [ 15 ] . Recently, Littlefield and colleagues showed that overexpression of GFP-Tmod1 in chick cardiac myocytes results in shortening of thin filaments; the authors proposed that excess Tmod1 decreases the affinity between actin monomers and pointed ends, leading to monomer dissociation and filament shortening [ 42 ] . Mutations in many proteins making up the cardiac sarcomere have been shown to cause cardiac hypertrophy [ 16 17 18 19 ] :mutations in the TPM1 gene, for example, cause type 3 familial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (CMH3), and a transgenic mouse expressing a CMH3 mutation develops ventricular myocyte disarray and hypertrophy [ 20 ] . Mutations in myosin heavy chain 7 are estimated to account for 40-50% of the cases of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy [ 21 ] .
Therefore, ADGE microarray could provide a platform for using 160-200 fold less total RNA than regular microarray (which generally requires 20 μg of total RNA).
Imaging was done using a Zeiss Axioskop and a Kodak MDS digital camera using proprietary interface software and Adobe Photoshop.
The first protocol uses a ligation-mediated PCR strategy (LM-PCR) in which ChIP DNA is ligated to short DNA linkers, and then PCR amplified using the linker sequence for priming [ 4 ] . The second uses a random amplification strategy (R-PCR) in which template DNA is first copied using a specialized primer with degenerate 3' sequence and known 5' sequence, and then PCR amplified using the known 5' sequence for priming [ 5 8 9 ] . In both cases, the PCR steps yield quantities of nucleic acid sufficient for microarray analysis.
"Perhaps the best we can do now is to use the resources that would be wasted in war in an agreed humanitarian action of evacuation and assistance to the refugees," Vattimo said.
As an alternative, we estimate an upper bound on the reduction in the population cancer mortality rate from screening by estimating the cancer fatality rate in the absence of screening using data from interval cancers, namely, substituting m 
We note that other array platforms may generate different effects of mismatches due to probe length or to the fact that the cRNA used in our experiments was fragmented to about 100 bases.
Twenty microliters of these embryos were gently placed in each well of a 96-well filter plate (Millipore MADV N65) with a multi-channel pipette (Brand Transferpette-12) using wide-orifice 250 μl pre-sterilized tips (Rainin).
9, right) used the intestinal absorption rate determined for the fasting data in fig.
The analyses were interpreted using P < 0.01 as the level of significance.
Electronic commerce was to be used for such activities as renewing licenses and paying taxes.
USEPA (1987f) evaluated two industrial effluents containing heavy metals, five industrial effluents containing organic chemicals (including dyes and pesticides), and 15 domestic wastewaters using the two-day red macroalga, Champia parvula, sexual reproduction test.
Used as the Arany Sas (Golden Eagle) pharmacy from 1750 until 1913, it is now the most attractive of this area’s small museums.
Its a term of endearment and a word we have used for years.
The sequences of AChBP, and of the alpha3, alpha4, alpha7, beta2 and beta4 nAChR monomers were aligned using the ICM multiple sequence alignment algorithm that includes the following steps [ 16 10 ] : 1) pairwise alignment using Needleman and Wunsch algorithm modified to use zero end gap penalties (so called ZEGA) [ 15 16 ] . 2) evolutionary tree construction with a "neighbor-joining algorithm" to determine the order of alignment and calculate relative weights of sequences and profiles from the branch lengths [ 17 ] . 3) traverse the tree from top to bottom, aligning the closest sequences or profiles.
Thus, the model contains OntologyEntries, whose roles are named to fit their purpose; for example, BioSequences has an OntologyEntry named 'species', which should be used to refer to an entry in the NCBI taxonomy database.
Apart from the steam bath, visitors can use the bath tubs, sauna, and several other facilities.
The highest concentration of antibodies used significantly reduced the level of caspase-8 activation in S. aureus -infected osteoblast cultures (p < 0.05).
Some companies have pushed up their debt-equity ratios --raising more money through bonds and less through stocks--and thus changed payments (to investors) that used to be called "dividends" into "interest."
We used our model selection procedure to determine the best models of RSS correlation structure, one model for 12-bp spacer RSS (12-RSS) and one for 23-RSS.
In this paper we have visualized profiling results using the second of these schemes (cellular function) at three levels: primary categories, secondary categories, and individual genes (see Figure 3and 4, Table 4and 5).
The equivalent production marker made by the manufacturer’s highly skilled operator, using a computer but without HCTAR’s software, achieved a utilization of 89.
In addition to the mouse array expression data, a search for mouse homologs of genes expressed in human testes (according to the Clontech and RGI arrays), which were not represented in the mouse arrays, was carried out using UniGene and/or GeneCards.
Also, simulations using contaminant data located close to the true mode (67 thpercentile) showed that mode estimators performed poorly under those conditions, as noted elsewhere [ 2 ] , especially with the normal and coarse original distributions.
Peroxidase was demonstrated using either DAB [3,3'-diaminobenzidene] (DAKO) or AEC [3-amino-9-ethylcarbazole] (Sigma).
Band intensities were quantified using Molecular Analyst software and a GS-250 Molecular Imager (Bio-Rad Laboratories, Hercules CA).
To address this, we tested the phosphatase activity of LLWO2F whole-cell lysate using phosphorylase a as the substrate.
The use of genuine foreign languages is called xenoglossia . Familiar examples are the ancient languages, Latin, Coptic, Hebrew, and Greek, used in modern liturgies.
For simplicity, let σ 1 2= σ 2 2= σ 2. Suppose we use two-sample t-test to test H 0 : μ 1 = μ 2 against H a : μ 1 <μ 2 . Without pooling, the t statistic follows the central t distribution f ( t, df 1 ) with df 1 = 2( n - 1) under H 0 ; while under H a , it follows a non-central t distribution with df 1 and non-centrality parameter , which is inversely related to the standard deviation σ.
The investigation, to be conducted by 40 FBI officials, will attempt to explain why the fact that incendiary canisters of tear gas were used wasn't made public earlier.
Finally, it should be pointed out that even when a synonymous sequence difference is found between QTL strains, it can still be used as a new, easily scored marker to further narrow the QTL interval using fine-mapping resources such as interval-specific congenic recombinant mice [ 33].
To detect differences in the extent of compaction between transparent and cataractous diabetic lenses, some of the same analysis procedures outlined in our previous SEM compaction study were used [ 4 ] . In brief, each sample was oriented with the features of interest perpendicular to the viewing angle (0° tilt).
Roche Precinorm ®and Precipath ®reagents were used for quality control for HDL and LDL cholesterol results.
Only sections containing retinas with excellent morphology were used for sample preparation.
These AUs, usually identified by the facial muscles that perform these various tasks, are the tools used in What the Face Reveals . (To look at a few examples, click here and here.)
The chromosome loss assay was carried out using a strain [ 34 ] backcrossed into the W303 background by F. Uhlmann.
The flanking sequences were masked for repeats using Repeat-masker [ 35] and then 16-22 bp PCR primer pairs were chosen for each gap using PRIMER 3 [ 36], such that the predicted melting temperature was 58 ± 3°C for gaps of less than 2,000 bp and 62 ± 6°C for gaps of more than 2,000 bp.
(TNO-Prevention and Health, Leiden The Netherlands), using a monoclonal antibody specific for the ATF as the capture antibody and a polyclonal antibody directed against BPTI as the detector antibody [ 24 ] . As a standard we used either urokinase or mhATF-BPTI.
The samples were vortexed and were incubated at 100°C for 30 minutes, and the absorbance at 532 nm was measured using a PerkinElmer Lamba 3B spectrophotometer (PerkinElmer, Wellesley, MA, USA).
For the toxicity experiments, the significance of multiple treatments was assessed using one-way ANOVA and Dunnett's t-test.
MEMS-4 records were used to derive the actual frequency of days when 1 or more doses of antihypertensive medication were omitted.
The genotype data from the 11 microsatellites used in the study were analyzed using PEDCHECK and RELATIVE to identify errors in Mendelian inheritance and to confirm familial relationships [ S2, S3].
[ 18] The two published US proportions (5% and 15%) were also used in a sensitivity analysis.
For me, all of these expressions convey a plucky willingness to learn a foreign language and to use it in everyday situations.
Among these, RCED's review of the Department of Commerce implementation, to take one report, examined the actions Commerce took that were intended to improve internal controls, such as training senior financial analysts in evaluating applicants and borrowers in the troubled EDA business loan program and overhauling the way in which computer resources were used for the National Weather Service.
To test whether the fibulin-1C interaction with proHB-EGF maps to the heparin-binding region, a construct, pGBT9/prodelHB-EGF, containing amino acid residues Asp 106-His 159(the entire EGF like region of proHB-EGF and 18 out of 32 residues of the heparin-binding region) [ 2 ] was used in the yeast two-hybrid system (see materials and methods).
After developers write a few lines of code, we test it for bugs and sit down with our testers to imagine all the ways the program will be used.
The royal entourage needed some form of lodging, and a guesthouse was built adjoining the abbey to be used as a base for hunting parties.
Air used for aeration must be free of oil and toxic vapors.
BPTI has been used systemically in a few animal tumour models, and showed anti-tumour effects in a mouse hepatoma, lung carcinoma, and mammary carcinoma [ 22 23 24 ] , and in a fibrosarcoma of the hamster [ 24 ] . However, BPTI was not further developed as a systemic anti tumour agent probably because of its anti fibrinolytic property that might preclude its use in cancer patients.
However, fecundity must equal or exceed 50% to be used as an endpoint in the test.
This approach allowed us to take advantage of the powerful algorithms used for the analysis of patterns of gene expression.
Our author evidently doesn't make his own, or at least not using a percolator.
The studies reported here used a probe that will detect the adult Gad1 mRNA that encodes GAD67 as well as the embryonic alternatively spliced mRNA that can encode GAD25 and GAD44.
For non-sedated patients we used the worst value in the first 24 hours; for sedated patients we used the pre-sedation GCS.
The CRIMAP program was used to order the STRPs and to deduce genetic distances.
The increased sensitivity of pattern detection will improve our ability to extract these target genes before using them to search for regulatory genes with other methods.
USAT follows-up its Salt Lake City Olympics probe lead from yesterday with the news that federal investigators are broadening their inquiry to include possible tax fraud charges against the Utah city's Olympic organizers for allegedly using tax-exempt funds to purchase lavish gifts and other favors for relatives of International Olympic Committee members.
Nearby on the water’s edge is a dunking stool, used in times past for nagging wives or busybodies.
To monitor jobs in progress, the batch identifier can be used in a variety of commands, such as 'monitor', 'batch', 'delete-batch' and 'query_batch'.
They used their flashlights to provide a path of beacons through the darkness and debris for civilians climbing down the stairs.
The hamster has not been used extensively in genomics research; however, it has been used extensively in various areas of investigation including circadian rhythm research [ 10 ] and also in investigations in a number of areas of research in reproductive biology.
Newkirk et al . also observed that the frequency of autoantibodies to each of the antigens occurred more frequently among CMV seropositive subjects than among CMV seronegative subjects [ 14 ] . For CMV seropositive subjects, they observed that 42 (84%) subjects had antibodies to RNP, 32 (64%) had antibodies to Sm, and 23 (46%) had antibodies to U1-70 kD [ 14 ] . If Newkirk et al . used a negative/positive cutoff value of the mean plus three standard deviations then, overall, less than 10% of their sera contained autoantibodies.
And if students are slipping structural cogs, we need a common language to communicate these problems: “John, you should use the possessive form before the gerund”, “Mary, try combining these two sentences by using an appositive.”
DNA was purified using the Qiagen QIAQuick gel extraction kit or Plasmid Purification kit with QIAGEN-tip 100 (Midi) columns.
Elsewhere in the Middle East, Egypt's Al Ahram daily said in an editorial that "now that it has been revealed that the U.S. has used UNSCOM for spying purposes, it has become necessary that the international organization take a firm stance by which to prevent any of its organizations being used for purposes other than those mandated."
For linkage analysis, we used the FASTLINK [ 32 ] implementation of the LINKAGE program [ 33 34 ] for two-point analysis, and the GENEHUNTER program [ 35 ] for both parametric and non-parametric (NPL) multi-point analyses.
ECFP could be clearly distinguished using appropriate filter sets (Fig 2).
aRNA was purified using Mini RNA Isolation Kit or RNA Clean-up kit (Zymo Research), eluting in 2 × 8 μl RNase-free water.
People used to be happy if they made it to old age with enough choppers to chew.
Pairwise sequence identities were determined using the Distances algorithm in the GCG package at the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center.
Because the company wouldn't comply, says the Times , the intruder has released some of the card numbers on the Internet and claims to have used some for himself.
Poly(A) +cDNA was transcribed in vitro by incorporation of biotinylated CTP and UTP (Enzo Diagnostics, Farmingdale, NY) using a BioArray High Yield RNA Transcript Labeling kit according to the manufacturer's instructions.
BDM has been used to probe actin-dependent processes on the assumption that it is a specific inhibitor of mysosins.
In addition, labeled agonists can be used in live cells.
Initially, the cytogenetic map position of a total of 18 BAC/PAC probes were comparatively mapped using fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) (data not shown).
As early as 1806 the word was used with apparent sexual signification by Thomas Malthus, the parson and economist who is remembered for his Essay on the Principle of Population: “An illicit intercourse between the sexes.”
Profile searches were conducted using the PSI-BLAST program with either a single sequence or an alignment used as the query, with a profile-inclusion expectation (E) value threshold of e = 0.01, and were iterated until convergence [ 21, 35].
All of the hijackers opened accounts in their own name, and used passports and other identification documents that appeared valid on their face.
Initially the primers were used to prepare amplicons of dystrophin exons for direct sequencing.
The clinical coordinator also constructs the abstracted medical record used for subtyping of the index stroke by copying admission notes, physician progress notes, discharge summaries, radiology reports, electrocardiograms, echocardiography reports, laboratory reports, and rehabilitation notes.
TNF-α used as a positive control also activated luciferase gene expression with the same plasmid system.
Optical density measurements were made on a Macintosh computer using the public domain NIH Image program (developed at the U.S.
They stressed that constant vigilance was needed to ensure that controls remained appropriate--addressing current risks and not unnecessarily hindering operations--and that individuals who used and maintained information systems complied with organizational policies.
On the way up note the yellow patches and their accompanying metal rings; these were used when manually hauling the heavy cannons up the Rock.
I dispute the cost figure that Al has used."
If hybridizations with the spots containing multiple-band PCR products repeatedly give statistically significant changes, it should be possible to isolate and sequence the different PCR products, and use this information for confirmatory analysis, perhaps using reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR).
Several putative transcription factor binding sites were found which may be used for SPAM1 expression in the epididymis, and these sites are likely distinct from those used in the testis (Table 1).
If this is "torture," then why, he wonders, wasn't this term used in the Post story about Pakistan's treatment of a Kenya embassy bombing suspect, where precisely these deprivations were employed?
Visualization of the 3D structure was performed using RasMol Molecular PDB visualization software.
Similarly, the Post and LAT make much of how Jiang's mention of mistakes was an unprecedented policy concession, but since he didn't say anything at all about Tiananmen square or political prisoners when he used the phrase, why couldn't it be taken to be no more than the Chinese version of Ronald Reagan's Iran-Contra "mistakes were made"--in other words merely a simulated apology, not a real one?
When the cases were pooled (n = 67) and subjected to classification prediction, the overall accuracy of assignment to the appropriate trial arm was 84% when lactoferrin, CD24, and LCN2 were used as the predictor gene set (inclusion of MMP-9 slightly reduced the accuracy of cross-validation).
All p-values and estimates from the logistic regression analysis (and presented in the tables) are adjusted for clustering within hospital and for different number of responses per hospital, using generalized linear mixed models [ 2 ] . The data were analyzed in SAS using the NLMIXED procedure.
This is accomplished by using an "anchor gate" which is sufficiently high.
Cross-validation was used to test the robustness of classification accuracy.
Identification and statistical evaluation of conserved motifs in multiple protein sequences were performed using the Gibbs sampling method as implemented in the MACAW program [ 105 106 ] . Pattern searches were conducted using the GREF program of the SEALS package [ 107 ] , and pattern-initiated BLAST searches were carried out using the PHI-BLAST program [ 60 ] ?. Protein structure databases were searched for similar structures using the DALI program [ 108 ] . Protein secondary structure was predicted using the PHD program implemented on the PredictProtein server with a multiple alignment submitted as the [ 109 110 ] . Protein structures were visualized and manipulated using the Swiss-PDB viewer program [ 111 ] and the ribbon diagrams were made using MOLSCRIPT [ 112 ] .
SAF.TXUNOS was used as the primary dataset, and merged with variables from SAF.HOSP for hospitalization data, and SAF.PATIENTS for dates and causes of death as well as causes of renal disease, as previously reported [ 6 7 8 ] . Patient characteristics and treatment factors were those at the date of transplant.
All site-directed mutagenesis were performed using the megaprimer procedure [ 51 ] , and the mutations were confirmed by sequencing.
However, six marker pairs were found to be significant using the two marker tests that were not identified using the intersection test.
He rhymed it with pandemonium ; judging from the lawsuits which proliferate over condominium parking spaces, balcony barbecues, and pets pooping in the halls, he might have been right to use the neologism.
One ROOT node is used at the head of the tree.
The 3D affinity grid fields were created using the auxiliary program AutoGrid.
The chemicals used in the NMDA database were required to have significant affinity for the NMDA receptor.
When VBA established its decision review officer position, it first used a pilot program to test the new operational approach at 12 locations.
Certainly, the results from this study suggest that a logistically uncomplicated and low cost program such as Tar Wars should be included within the educational armamentarium to aid in preventing youth from using tobacco products.
LcrG and LcrV physically interact in Y. pestis [ 4 ] , and that interaction plays a significant role in the regulation of Yops secretion [ 20 ] . LcrG and LcrV interact in a yeast two-hybrid assay [ 20 ] , therefore this technique was used to further investigate the region of LcrG required for its interaction with LcrV.
It can be used in conjunction with regular board trainings or as a stand-alone device.
The combination of localization of AQP proteins and using anatomically-based models, has the potential to allow function to be assigned to individual AQPs using mutants and transgenics in which expression of AQPs (singly or in combination) is reduced or eliminated.
I'll tell you more about how to use the Navigation Banner in just a minute.
In the present study, the prospect of a visual-regulated expression and composition of NMDA receptor subunits, NR1 and NR2A/B in the retina is tested by using the rdta transgenic mouse in which the rod photoreceptors have been genetically ablated.
A 12% discontinuous SDS/polyacrylamide gel was used for molecular weight and purity analysis [ 17 ] .
From the template target alignment, 3D coordinates from the FOLDLIB template are used to construct a C-alpha only PDB format file using the sequence of the target protein.
I used money.
Laser densitometry was performed using a Molecular Dynamics Storm scanner system (Molecular Dynamics, Inc., Sunny vale, CA).
The policy and guidance should also be revised to include (1) a requirement to capture and use specific manufacturing knowledge at the production commitment point as exit criteria to transition from system demonstration into production and (2) a requirement to structure major weapon system contracts to ensure the capture and use of knowledge for DOD to make investment decisions at critical junctures when transitioning from system integration to system demonstration and then into production.
In subsequent steps, motifs identified by sequence alignment programs like MEME (Multiple EM for Motif Elicitation), http://meme.sdsc.edu/meme/website/intro.htmlcan also be used to search the available databases using MAST (Motif Alignment and Search Tool, http://meme.sdsc.edu/mem/website/mast-intro.html).
When using probes derived from cDNA sequences downstream of the integration site northern blot analysis revealed a 50% reduction of transcripts in mutants compared to wild type using the glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH) message as an internal standard (Figure 4).
The 1996 welfare reform law allowed states to use Temporary Assistance for Needy Family (TANF) funds to establish subsidized saving accounts for TANF recipients.
PWMs have been used to estimate the likelihood that a given sequence binds to a specific TF [ 16 ] . If a PWM exists for a TF, we follow approach (b).
The Fugu genomics group at the UK HGMP-RC in Cambridge has been using Apollo to display scaffolds, that is, draft sequences of the Fugu genome (T.
Table 1illustrates the data used to compare the Xylella trpR gene and the Xylella genome.
In previous analyses with a larger variety of health plans, HMO members were considerably more likely to receive BCS in San Francisco and in Seattle [ 19 ] . Medicare and Medicaid patients received more BCS in a North Carolina hospital [ 7 ] . However, a study using administrative data [ 38 ] described lower BCS use among Medicaid patients and treatment was similar by health plan [ 39 ] in Northern California.
"Eppie" (not her real name) used to write an advice column.
Therefore, "elegant" is most often used by those after the fact of having used a procedure successfully.
Light microscopy revealed that the regional distribution of anti-Id mAb immunoreactivity in control rats receiving saline solution, was comparable to previous studies using unoperated rats ( 10, 11, 12, 13).
The lack of reporter expression could reflect poor entry of adenovirus in this population or poor transcriptional activity of the promoters used (UbP and CMV5), among other possibilites.
Multiple sequence alignments were constructed using the T_Coffee program [ 35], followed by manual correction based on the PSI-BLAST results.
Therefore, it appears possible that use of hypnosis can be learned rapidly and thereafter used effectively.
FULL COST - The total amount of resources used to produce the output.
Employers who signed the major collective bargaining agreements with the ILGWU in the women’s industry (primarily manufacturers) not only agreed to abide by wage and working conditions for their own employees, they also pledged to use only contractors “designated or registered” with the union and the employer association.
The suspension was diluted with phosphate buffered saline (PBS) to create four different concentrations to be used in the experiment.
Paths produced using these interaction maps are henceforth referred to as "random pathways").
The pol coding region from the recombinant viruses was confirmed to be identical to their respective parental virus pol sequences by terminator cycle sequencing using an automated model 377 DNA sequencer (Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems).
Caution: if the sample must also be used for the fullscale definitive test, the 36-h limit on holding time (see Subsection 8.5.
As a result, we undertook a search for the presence of the polyA effect, in which we made a spot-by-spot comparison of a microarray that was hybridized with an oligo(dT) probe, versus the same microarray hybridized using a first strand cDNA probe produced from skeletal muscle mRNA.
Instead of taking linear combination of gene expression levels, we first discretize the expression levels of all the 100 genes over 72 samples into four categories using the quantiles as the cut-off points.
Exon 3 was sequenced using the flanking primers as well as a collection of eight internal primers.
Samples of known numbers of cells from the cell lines and recombinant, purified Tag prepared from a baculovirus lysate [ 40 ] were loaded on 10% polyacrylamide discontinuous mini-gels (Bio-Rad, Hercules, CA) and electrophoresed conventionally [ 41 ] . Gels were then electrophoretically blotted [ 42 ] onto PVDF membrane (Bio-Rad) without methanol for 15 min at 100 V. Tag was visualized by immunostaining with PAb416 and alkaline phosphatase conjugated secondary antibody (Sigma) using chemiluminescent detection with CDP-Star substrate according to the manufacturers directions (Tropix, Bedford, MA).
If the sequence relationship between the template and target proteins was unambiguous (usually when the sequence identity is > 40%), or if there was only one protein with known structure in the family, the template structure was used to construct the sole initial model.
In the simulation of pulseless ventricular tachycardia, the median time to diagnosis and treatment was significantly shorter using conventional monitors than using the LSTAT.
Mayor Riordan is a Republican, although one of those splendid reforms keeps that fact a secret from voters, and he's an amiable enough guy who has used his rhetorical and organizational muscle to force some changes--or at least rumors of changes--at the school board.
Using a similar approach, we recently reported on the subdivision of the ligand binding domain on the insulin receptor into two separate and non-overlapping hotspots with different biological activities [ 3 ] .
A computer pen is used to outline a panel of the garment with a sequence of contact points.
We characterized genomic structure using a combination of existing genomic sequence and direct sequencing from BAC clone template.
Multivalent CSEs can be used to find genomic segment duplication because these CSEs that hit once in one genome hit multiple times in the other genome.
The distance matrix was obtained using Protdist with a Dayhoff Pam matrix.
By using the Web in this way, a campaign can convert mass support into grass roots support.
We used CPT, an inhibitor of topoisomerase I, that is a well defined apoptogenic agent belonging to a promising class of antineoplastic drugs [ 23 ] . In contrast to more physiological stimuli (i.e, oxidative stress) induction of apoptosis by CPT is less complex and thus is a better model for study of MP-release phenomenon.
The name tanner for a sixpence coin was first used at the beginning of the 19th century.
The amount of ceramide generated by CLENDO cells in response to TNFα treatment (50 ng/ml) was determined in three independent sets of experiments via the diacyl glycerol kinase assay as described [ 26 40 ] . Each experiment contained an untreated control that was used for comparison with TNFα treated samples.
It isn't quite as much fun as it used to be now that tobacco lobbyists are admitting that nicotine is addictive and smoking is harmful.
(You can use a hose though--but you have to hold it.)
Subtree-neighbors have two uses: (i) If the subtree-neighbors of the query sequence exhibit (partial) agreement in their functional annotations, the elements in which they agree might be used to infer a (partial) function for the query.
An ad that identifies a candidate and discusses his voting record on an issue is not subject to election-law prohibitions and limits unless words of express advocacy are used.
We have used the cell line LNCaP as a model to examine the role of SKP2 in androgen control of p27 expression and cell cycle progression in human prostate cancer cells.
Thus, the evidence for linkage at 1q41 is reproducible in independent collections using the identical markers.
I have no idea about what he plans, but I have the awful feeling that he may have used me for a green card and for a way to keep his children in America.
1. She was the sexual aggressor using the snap of her thong as a modern-day replacement for a come-hither look.
Hierarchical clustering, shown in Fig 5, was used as an additional means to identify differences between the amplification protocols [ 20 ] . Replicates for a given method cluster closely, confirming the high reproducibility observed for each method.
Using these plasmids as a starting point, a novel indicator of the inducible gene expression system was constructed as follows.
For the cumulative use of GAO reports, these concerns are less important, since we already use the "audit trail" procedures recommended in the policy and other manuals for verification of data collection and analysis quality.
Whitehouse and her ilk” should write out fifty times, “I must not use words I do not understand.”
This DNA was linearized with Kpn I and Sac I and then transformed into the diploid C. albicans strain BWP17 using the lithium acetate method.
You e-mail your tale of woe--inferior products, ignorant customer service--to shoppingavenger@slate.com, and the Shopping Avenger will use his reporting skills, which have been described by some as "almost supernatural in scope" (and have been described by others as "adequate" and "sort of pathetic") to extract on your behalf grudging apologies from faceless bureaucrats at Fortune 500 companies.
D-Alanyl LTA in the concentrate was detected by immunoelectrophoresis, using a standard human serum identified previously [ 16 ] . D-Alanine-free LTA does not react with this serum IgG [ 17 18 21 ] . The D-alanyl LTA was purified by passing the concentrated culture fluid over a 90 × 2.5 cm Sephacryl column in 0.4 M NaCl buffered with 0.05 M sodium acetate pH 5. Antigen in the fractions was collected.
Hard power , as foreign-policy analysts use the term, is power that comes out of the barrel of a gun--pure military might.
While bumps (1592) as `gestures of concupiscence' (1340) are now automatically associated with grinds, our ancestors used many words to describe lumps (1475) in the skin.
This study used antibody to myosin II from animals and Arabidopsis myosin VIII for immunofluorescence studies.
Standard curves were developed using log MW of protein standards versus Rf ratio of those standards.
Birr (Ethiopia) means `silver' and was the name used beginning in the 18th century to designate the Maria Theresa thaler, an Austrian coin which circulated in countries around the Red Sea.
The op-ed pages of the Wall Street Journal , meanwhile, have wallowed in triumphalist glee, with free-marketeers dancing happily on the grave of what used to be called "the Asian miracle."
Images were collected using a Spot camera (Diagnostic Instruments, Inc.) mounted on an Olympus AX70 microscope.
The major bacterial lineages are poorly resolved in rRNA-based trees [ 2 29 ] and those built using alignments of RNA polymerase subunits [ 30 ] and translation elongation factors [ 29 31 ] . In the currently accepted taxonomy, which is based primarily (but not exclusively) on 16S RNA phylogenetic analysis, bacterial lineages that are suggested by this analysis to form higher-level clusters, tend to form primary nodes under Bacteria (Chlamydiales, Spirochetales, Cyanobacteria, the Thermus-Deinococcus group, Aquificales, Thermotogales).
Using the motif, a Blast was conducted in the TAIR website, the resultant sequences were then aligned and mismatches were discarded.
He could use the complex House rules to smother the bill.
For electronic data, you use computer programs to test all entries of key data elements in the entire data file.
For example, 72% of the households in stratum 1 reported using bednets, whereas 39% reported using bednets in the rural stratum.
QUORUM guidelines were followed [ 12 ] . Possible studies for inclusion were sought through searching the Cochrane Library (issue 4, 2001), Biological Abstracts (March 2002), MEDLINE (March 2002) and PubMed (March 2002) using rofecoxib as a free text term.
2001 "The Impact of Using Worksharing to Liberalize a Postal Market."
Puzzle solvers seem to fall into two categories, those who use reference books to help them find the right answers and those who eschew any aids whatsoever.
A Poisson distribution was used to predict the expected frequency for similar randomly distributed populations spaced uniformly in the same area.
The announcement was buried in the president's weekly radio address of Dec. 4. After boasting, "We've changed the culture of welfare from one that fostered dependence to one that honors and rewards work," Clinton unveiled three new "high-performance bonuses"--extra money that will be used as a carrot to induce states to do certain things.
Profile matches with Z-scores above 10 are retained and used to align the profile-matched region to a structural domain.
The dilution water used in effluent toxicity tests will depend in part on the objectives of the study and logistical constraints, as discussed in detail in Section 7, Dilution Water.
The latter should be used to define a minimum value below which a study would be excluded from the analysis; the former can then be used to rank studies into three quality groups as a means of assessing heterogeneity between studies.
For co-culture experiments, 293T cells were transfected with either Xenopus Wnt-5a [ 45 ] , mouse Wnt-1 [ 49 ] , or CS2+ as control using the lipofectamine PLUS reagents (GIBCO BRL) as directed by the manufacturer.
The energy change of 0.05 Kcal/mol between two successive structures was used as the termination criterion in both the steps.
Statistical comparisons using T-test (two-sample assuming unequal variances) were performed (significance level: 0.05).
We therefore used the Affymetrix algorithm, which is likely to be used by most investigators until there is definitive evidence that alternative methods are superior.
Results are based on a model called the "Model of Acidification of Groundwater in Catchments" (MAGIC) used by the National Acid Precipitation Assessment Program (NAPAP) to estimate the long-term effects of acidic deposition (sulfur) on lakes and streams.
The main advantage in this context is that the complex genetic and epigenetic correlations between interconnected parts of the brain can be explored using complementary molecular, developmental, structural, pharmacological and behavioral techniques.
I know that the earth circles the sun, that the earth is roughly spherical, that chairs are used to sit on.
The yield of aRNA amplified from BC91 total RNA using different protocols is shown in Table 2. Assuming 1% of the total RNA is poly(A) +RNA, a 253 and 370-fold amplification was observed in the presence and absence of TS primer, respectively.
A single 5' oligonucleotide common primer, designed from a highly conserved region in all known rat MHC genes approximately 500 base pairs upstream of the stop codon, was used in every reaction tube (sequence 5'-AGAAGGAGCAGGACACCAGC-3').
Using Employee Teams To Help Accomplish Agency Missions
Fluorescein fluorescence was detected through the FL-1 channel, APC fluorescence was assessed using the FL-4 channel, and data were acquired and analyzed using the CellQuest ®application on a Power Macintosh G3 computer.
Instead, as Lyon and Hafner show, the Net was built because the federal government needed a way for all the incompatible computers being used for government research to communicate with each other.
In this study, we have extended the findings of previous work [ 13 ] by using pol -recombinant viruses to examine mutation frequency in HSV.
For this purpose, we use T M as the threshold.
The aqueous extract of freeze-dried cat's claw ( Uncaria tomentosa or Uncaria guianensis ), vitamin C or green tea was standardized to give a stock solution (25 mg/ml) and filtered at 20 μm using a Whatman paper N° 4. Aliquots (25 μl) were placed in a cuvette and an ethanolic solution of DPPH (100 μM) was added to a final volume of 1 ml.
Anger in, anger out, and anger control were analyzed as dependent variables using 2 (sex: male vs. female) by 2 (intervention: TM vs.
In the presence of 50, 100, and 200 mM additional KCl, the ratio of Boi1-PH that pelleted with respect to that which stayed in the supernatant was greater when using vesicles that contained PIP 2 (Fig.
Table 5 shows that, using the average labor cost for all bargaining employees, the profit drops to $283 million.
In order to gain a better understanding of their functions and origins, we undertook a detailed sequence analysis of these two proteins using iterative sequence profile searches with the PSI-BLAST program with a inclusion threshold of .01 iterated until convergence.
The probe for exon 15 of the filamin A gene was generated using primers AMINAFWD (GCCAATGTAGGCCTTCTTCAG) and FILAMINAREV (ATCCATGCCATCCACGTCAAG).
21 However, at the agencies we visited, managers used performance information and shared this information with front-line employees through various mechanisms.
Release 3 sequence was used to characterize the content of the known and newly discovered gaps in Release 2. The sequence content was annotated as: transposable element; homopolymer; simple repeats; tandem repeats; misassemblies; unique; gross misassemblies; and unfilled for those gaps that remain in Release 3. Transposable elements were identified using a curated list described in [ 9].
Gene prediction programs used are described in Table 2. The Mouse and Rat Indices of Non-redundant Transcripts (MINT and RINT) were derived from Mouse and Rat UniGene [ 81] using the same approach that we have applied to human UniGene [ 19].
Our previous study used stable transfected cell lines derived from the same SV40-transformed BS cell line used here, except that the normal and missense alleles of BLM were expressed from a constitutive promoter [ 10].
When any of these changes are made, the corresponding elasticities for the eXe model must be found using Equations
Auditors should use a cost model to provide general estimates and not precise figures.
There was no significant correlation with duration of exposure (R 2= 0.126, regression coefficient = 0.00037, p = 0.39) or with dose or time since stopping drug (by weighted analysis of covariance using continuous variables).
Processed arrays were scanned using an GenePix Scanner (Axon Instruments, Foster City, CA); array images were acquired using the Motorola CodeLink™ Analysis Software (Amersham Biosciences, Piscataway, NJ).
The incidence has been estimated between 0.4 and 5% of patients undergoing cardiovascular surgery using cardiopulmonary bypass [ 31, 32].
The flies were homogenized using a motorized mortar and pestle.
A dyad is informative only when the offspring has a heterozygous genotype different from that of the parent, thus avoiding the bias of using inferred phase assignments [ 18, 19].
41,42 One trial, Project Assert, provided brief interventions and used an active referral process to gain access to the marginal capacity of the substance abuse treatment system for those who needed additional care.
37 Therefore, installing these at the same time on a boiler is preferable to doing them separately as they may be able to use the same outage, and project efficiencies result from a single mobilization, a single construction manager, and sharing of large construction equipment for the two projects.
In the wake of increased environmental and occupational health regulation of methylene chloride, we recognized an opportunity to systematically assess the issues related to source reduction that are important to the occupational health field by using a timely case study approach.
The mastery scale has been used by Moody, et al.
In making this determination, the Administrator will use the best available peer reviewed models and methodology that consider the proximity of the source or sources to the petitioning State or political subdivision and incorporate other source characteristics.
In New York, Lindsay used them to augment a scheme for political decentralization that began in the 1950s, under Robert Wagner.
Before performing the time-expensive tomography, analysis of thin sections with conventional electron microscopy was used to judge the immunogold labeling quality.
Before 9/11, the United States tried to solve the al Qaeda problem with the same government institutions and capabilities it had used in the last stages of the Cold War and its immediate aftermath.
2%) used a matched control group.
In this way, the locus of activation would still be determined by the ultrasound, although deep stimulation might still be difficult because the field intensity produced by a TMS coil falls off rapidly with depth (a problem avoided by using a static field).
You have “overfit” the data by using too many Fourier modes.
In these validation procedures, ninety percents of all compounds from a database were selected randomly and used as learning set to create a "reduced" model.
B6 sequences were retrieved from the mmtrace database at NCBI using a MegaBLAST search, and D2 sequences were retrieved from Celera by BLAST search of the All Mouse Fragments (masked) database.
The intention was to say that they could use lethal force if the attempted capture seemed impossible to complete successfully.
A cross-validation estimate of the probability of successful classification of the animals was used to determine the diagnostic strength of each type of dataset.
A small bridge leads to Ordnance Island, a tiny island only 9 m (30 ft) offshore, used today as a cruise dock in summer months.
For the zinc-regulation dataset [ 13], no pass criterion had been used to ensure each spot on each microarray carried considerably more signal than noise.
After spinning to dryness in a clinical centrifuge equipped with plate carriers (Beckman), the arrays were scanned in an Axon Laboratories (Palo Alto, CA) scanner using 532 nm and 635 nm lasers.
A plaque assay on CV-1 cells was used to determine the virus titer.
Statistical analysis of data was performed using GraphPad InStat version 3.01 for Windows software (GraphPad Software, San Diego, CA).
We also constructed an ROC curve using only cases with localized cancers, the target of PSA screening.
Using either the YL-1 or TMOD4 cDNAs in a BLAST search of the human EST database, we were unable to identify any additional intergenic transcripts, but we did uncover several YL-1 ESTs that had apparently spliced within exons in such a way as to not use the canonical consensus splice acceptors or donors, the rarer GC or AT donor sites or the AC acceptor site [ 29 ] . ESTs AI560960 and AI369608 were identical and contained YL-1 exons 1 and 2 but splice within exon 2 at position 276 (position is in bp relative to Genbank sequence D43642) to position 1107 (internal to exon 6) (Fig.
Clusters of paralogs were identified by comparing the protein sequences encoded by all genes from each genome using the BLASTP program [ 77] followed by single-linkage clustering using the BLASTCLUST program (I.
Cook et al looked at the evidence for scheduled replacement using guide-wire exchanges and/or new site replacements [ 17 ] . They found no evidence that scheduled replacement, using either of the replacement techniques, at three days or seven days had any advantage over a replacement based on clinical indication.
To translate these results into the clinical setting, additional studies exploring the content validity of spinal palpatory exams, using accepted reference standards are needed.
These measurements showed that the intensity of the Bex1 signal using a Vex1 excitation filter was 0.11 ± 0.0054 (n = 44; all measurements are mean ± SEM) of the Bex1 signal using a Bex1 excitation filter.
[Click to read Isikoff's doubts about whether he should have used Tripp as a source, from Pages 356-57.
This ELISA kit was also used to determine Her2/neu protein levels in tissue samples.
Jews You Can Use
A write-off of a loan occurs when an agency official determines, after all appropriate collection tools have been used, that a debt is uncollectible.
Approximate molecular weights were estimated using prestained standards (NEN, Boston, MA).
Thirty-one months was used for 2005, because the analysis for 2005 was based on the projected number of retrofits needed by 2005, less the amount of capacity installed by May 2002.
Thus, if the infectivity is compared using the actual number of viral particles present in each well, Ad5.CMV-LacZ, immobilized on streptavidin-coated wells, may possess an infectivity equivalent to that of free adenoviral vectors.
Dunnett's Procedure is used to determine the NOEC.
Iraqi cancer rates seem to have increased in places where the shells were used.
Aliquots of the pooled cells used for cloning were also plated in triplicate, treated with GS-E or DMSO for 24 hrs.
Wilcoxon test was performed using NPAR1WAY procedure in SAS, stepwise discriminant analysis was performed using STEPDISC procedure in SAS, and discriminant analysis was performed using DISCRIM procedure in SAS [ 23 ] .
Your gift to Goodwill will be used directly to support services that will help even more find jobs.
Your gift to Goodwill will help us do even more this year because your gift will be used to directly support our work.
The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to continue our mission of helping people prepare for, find and keep jobs.
Your gift will help give new meaning to the word success -- for people who have seldom had reason to use the word.
Proof of meeting these, two staff reference letters and an essay stating why they should receive a grant and how it will be used are all reviewed by a Pleasant Run panel, which determines if the applicant merits the funds.
Such fund are often used for college tuition, vocational training or a deposit on an apartment.
Can you help support this wonderful event by furnishing any type of products or services that can be used as prizes for our activities or as a raffle prize?
Therefore, we are asking you to donate 45, $10 gift certificates that can be used toward the purchase of school supplies or clothing, in the total amount of $450.
Your contribution will be used to recruit and retain quality volunteers.
It will also be used to help maintain the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships, including volunteer orientation and training and ongoing supervision and support by a professional staff.
Iraq says the United States and Britain hold up delivery of needed supplies, using their clout in the United Nations.
The U.S. government says it wants to ensure that Iraq is not buying items that appear to be humanitarian in nature but that could be used for making weapons.
I think that is why I welcomed doing a book--it gives one the ability to use so much of what is left on the cutting room floor of daily journalism.
Much of it, of course, using the standards of top newspapers, cannot be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating, although it certainly could make for some very good stories.
Much of it, of course, using the standards of top newspapers, cannot be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating, although it certainly could make for some very good stories.
I always use two simple words when people tell me that one company--whether it is AOL or Microsoft or Disney--is in charge of all our destinies: Babylon was.
The Wall Street Journal "Outlook" observes, "In the U.S. job market, the balance of power is shifting to employees from employers," and states that "the retention frenzy was triggered in part by previous waves of corporate downsizing," which left behind survivors who took stock of career options and used Internet job listings and intensified recruiting to land better offers, which in turn led to counter-offers and higher salaries.
Political figures turn on each other from time to time, for good and bad reasons; we're used to it.
He was one of Clinton's principal enablers, to use a word employed by Maureen Dowd in today's New York Times .
I hope my definition of an autonomous agent is useful, an autocatalytic system carrying out a work cycle, now rather broadened by the realization that autonomous agents also do often detect and measure and record displacements of external systems from equilibrium that can be used to extract work, then do extract work, propagating work and constraint construction, from their environment.
I know that the earth circles the sun, that the earth is roughly spherical, that chairs are used to sit on.
Daniel Dennett, in his fine book Darwin's Dangerous Idea , advances a hierarchy of forms of "knowing," if I may use that term, that have arisen in evolution by Darwinian means.
As neurons are supposed to proliferate and form novel synaptic connections that survive if used and to mediate the linkage of conditioned to unconditioned stimulus, why not envision a complex chemistry, say, very complex carbohydrate-synthesis patterns sustained by complex sets of enzymes whose activities are modulated by the dierent carbohydrates themselves, which is true of contemporary carbohydrate metabolism. 
The State Department proposed delivering an ultimatum to the Taliban: produce Bin Ladin and his deputies and shut down al Qaeda camps within 24 to 48 hours, or the United States will use all necessary means to destroy the terrorist infrastructure.
Finally, the plan detailed a public U.S. stance: America would use all its resources to eliminate terrorism as a threat, punish those responsible for the 9/11 attacks, hold states and other actors responsible for providing sanctuary to terrorists, work with a coalition to eliminate terrorist groups and networks, and avoid malice toward any people, religion, or culture.
It included a determination to use military force if necessary to end al Qaeda's sanctuary in Afghanistan.
And he saw this as one way of using this event as a way to deal with the Iraq problem."
Originally titled "Infinite Justice," the operation's code word was changed-to avoid the sensibilities of Muslims who associate the power of infinite justice with God alone-to the operational name still used for operations in Afghanistan:"Enduring Freedom."
In Phase Three, the United States would carry out "decisive operations" using all elements of national power, including ground troops, to topple the Taliban regime and eliminate al Qaeda's sanctuary in Afghanistan.
Later, in 454 b.c. , the treasury was transferred to Athens and its deposits were used to finance the construction of many of the major buildings and temples of the Classical Age.
The Bible describes how David’s soldiers conquered Jerusalem by discovering a water tunnel under the walls and using it to take the city by surprise.
A variation on this theme occurs in Alba de Céspedes' The Secret (translated from the Italian by Isabel Quigly: Simon and Schuster, New York, 1958, page 114) where she confides that “I still had a whole afternoon before me to spend, and I used it to tidy up my drawers....”
Nobody used to snicker at Chaucer's line (No. 5818) in The Prologe of the Wyf of Bathe , in which that harried dame asks: Why is my neghebores wif so gay?
The wind used to sweep across that damned airfield with what seemed an absolute determination to crystallize our bodies.
Taking quite at random a single page (page 7) in the journals of the Gregory brothers recording an early (1846) exploration of country east and north of Perth, I find the word water used fifteen times.
Stream is often said not to be used in Australia except in metaphorical ways, normally being replaced by creek .
oy vay; oy vay in mir literally, “Oh, pain,” but, in its long or short form, can be used for anything from condolence to lament:
For a long time he could only find two Yiddish words traditionally used by Jews in such circumstances: “Oi vey.”
From the poet Sappho, who in the sixth century BC was the first to use the lyric to write subjectively and explore the range of female experience, to the Chinese polymath Pan Chao (Ban Zhao), who flourished around AD 100 as historian, poet, astronomer, mathematician and educationalist, the range is startling.
Then, too, one must examine the techniques used to group the many languages of the world.
Because linguists are constantly learning more and more about the relationships among languages, it is best to avoid using an older chart; for the same reason, it would be wise not to stake too much on the accuracy of even a current chart.
It is important, too, to note that writing systems are irrelevant: for instance, Polish is written (today) using the Roman alphabet, but Russian, a related Slavic language, uses the Cyrillic; Yiddish, a Germanic language, is written in Hebrew characters; Latin, Greek, and Sanskrit, which resemble one another rather closely in some respects, all use different alphabets; and early examples, utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages, were written in cuneiform, quite suitable for writing on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus, and hieroglyphics.
Schliemann, who discovered the site of Troy, used the evidence in Homer's Iliad to determine his digging site, where any ruins had long since disappeared from view.
Using the evidence available, Renfrew contends that the original Indo-European language, closely related to Hittite, separated after 6500 BC, with the IE languages of western Europe developing from western Anatolia and those of Iran, India, and Pakistan from the eastern division.
It works with a hard disk or with a set of floppies and can be used with 29 popular word-processing programs.
All in all, for a relatively primitive system, it is not too bad; but you would have to be in love with your computer to use it in preference to a far more complete books of synonyms available (especially The Synonym Finder , Rodale in the U.S. and Canada, Longman elsewhere, which offers more than 800,000 synonyms, more than three times the number listed in any other synonym book).
Mr. Davidson's observations on the Scottishness of Chambers 20th Century Dictionary [XV,1] bear out my own formed over sixteen years of using one.
The word might also have been used for a receptacle near the guns where powder and balls were kept.
In part, that is attributable to the designation of his correspondents, who keep him informed on language that is not within earshot, as the “Lexicographic Irregulars,” an amusing reference the first time or two it was used but now beginning to cloy.
But it does say E = mc² ; the version with the capital M and C is, essentially, meaningless to those familiar with the conventional symbolism used in physics.
A sense of humor about a subject is born of a feeling of security about it, but security is the one characteristic often lacking among those who would use Current American Usage .
As a reference work on usage, it is far from complete: The Simon and Schuster Publicity Department could have used an entry on foreword/ forward (spelt “foreward” in the release accompanying the review copy).
A longish section, “Some Troublesome Idiomatic Prepositions,” and a “Glossary of Grammatical and Linguistic Terms Used in This Book,” followed by a list of “References,” sources associated with specific entries, round out the work.
What is missing, for example, at square the circle , is the information that because the area of a circle is mathematically calculated using pi , which is irrational, there is no mathematical way of calculating the dimensions of a square with the same area as that of a given circle.
These are drawn to run midway between/ localities which were shown by the Survey of English Dialects to use the different words or pronunciations which are the subject of the map.
Although it is true that isoglosses, in effect, set off the various areas where a particular usage was recorded, more accurately an isogloss is drawn to connect sites either where speakers employ both usages or where speakers using one or the other live in very close proximity.
The importance of dialect is emphasized regularly in the press, where we read about people being killed, as in parts of India, because they use the wrong shibboleths.
Incidentally, I seem to recall reading somewhere that skins as slang for `dollars' dates from frontier days when trappers used animal skins as currency, and is therefore much older than early 20th-century Harlem.
Our previous analysis of the Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-compound mutant thymocyte phenotype showed a specific partial block at the TN to DP transition, associated with increased apoptosis at both the TN4/pre-DP and DP subsets, and a 10-fold decrease in DP cell numbers [ 29 ] . Using BrdU analysis, we compared the proliferation of Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-fetal thymocytes during the TN to DP transition compared to littermate controls.
This may reflect the fact that TNF-α therapies for IBD are aimed at efficiently clearing TNF-α, while IL-10 therapies must increase IL-10 and recombinant IL-10 is likely too rapidly cleared from the circulation after in vivo administration to provide a uniform protection [ 55 ] . On the other hand, IL-10 gene transfer technology has been used with some success in models of colitis, however its effectiveness is also variable.
In 1996, Salinger's agent forbade a nonprofit Catcher in the Rye Web site from using quotations from the novel, garnering the usual rash of publicity.
A similar scatterplot diagram was used to explore any interdependence between the lengths of the inverted and non-inverted segments within each pair (Figure 6b).
In the 1990s, pro-lifers have used fetal diagrams to illustrate the horror of "partial birth" abortions.
To receive facsimile copies of the daily list or any list from the past 30 days, please call (202) 512-6000 using a touchtone phone.
ALDH activity has been reported in HL-60 cells using 4-hydroxynonenal as substrate [ 32 ] . However, since this molecule is such a poor substrate with ALDH1 compared to ALDH3, the measured activity likely represents only ALDH3 activity.
Virologic findings using the more stringent virologic suppression endpoint of HIV-1 RNA <50 copies/mL paralleled those with the <200 copies/mL endpoint, although differences attained statistical significance.
Nevertheless, this is the first attempt to produce an allergen-induced gene-expression profile in the lung of a non-human primate using genomic tools such as microarray and RT-PCR.
Here, we have used the fold and superfamily assignments from the SCOP [ 14] and Superfamily databases [ 15] and the family classifications from InterPro [ 16, 17].
PGE 2 concentrations were determined using a commercially available ELISA assay (Cayman Chemical Company, Ann Arbor, MI).
The Vybrant Apoptosis Assay Kit (Molecular Probes, Eugene, OG) was used to detect osteoblast apoptosis.
First, it was noted that spelling mistakes occur in Medline [ 19 ] . These could have an influence if the "Affiliation Field" would have been used to enter country names.
In wild-type mice, both transcripts were expressed in the unwounded skin (0 day) used as controls.
This suggests that changes in gene expression smaller than the ± 2-fold commonly used can be reliably identified as differential expression.
While it is not a specific indicator of virginity, it is not used to mean.
Beginning with the full model at each trophic level, we used autoregressive analysis with maximum likelihood estimation and backwards elimination of non-significant covariates and lagged autoregressive terms to arrive at reduced models that minimized the corrected Akaike Information Criterion (AIC 
The cells were illuminated with light from a 75 watt xenon lamp using a O-5717 filter cube obtained from Molecular Probes.
The results will depend upon the species used and the strain or source of the test organisms, and test conditions such as temperature, DO, food, and water quality.
Prior to testing our hypothesis experimentally, and determining whether domoic acid had the potential to directly activate rat neonatal microglia in vitro, we thought that it was of critical importance to establish that: (1) the domoic acid preparation used in these experiments was stable, (2) rat neonatal microglia isolated by our methodology expressed the AMPA glutamate receptor GluR4 subunit which has been observed in activated rat microglia in vivo [ 24 ] and, (3) to confirm that the domoic acid concentration selected for our in vitro studies with rat neonatal microglia was one that was clearly toxic to neuronal cells in vitro after a short-term exposure.
The NYT front reports on the court-ordered release yesterday of more than 124,000 pages of previously secret files from a Mississippi state agency that used spy tactics, intimidation, false imprisonment, jury tampering and other illegal methods to fight civil rights activities in the state.
The CG14975 ORF probe was generated using primers CG14975FWD (TCAGCCGAGAGATTCTAGAGAG) and CG14975REV (CATCGACCATTGTTCTCTCTCC).
In the past two years, investors have begun to make trades without a middleman by using electronic communications networks, or ECNs.
This assumption is made to ensure proper calculation of the ozone statistic used in the exposure-response functions.
Differential equations-based kinetic modeling is an alternative means of capturing the rich dynamics of signaling networks [ 28 29 ] . As time-resolved data sets become available and feedback loops are delineated, it may be necessary to use these methods to understand system dynamics and control [ 30 ] . However, the authors agree with Genoud et.
To build a sophisticated software editor for a visual language and, especially, to design the language to support computer archiving and analysis, one must, however, establish deeper foundations for creating, organizing and using graphic elements.
A Cummins representative stated that not using prototypes becomes a matter of "pay me now or pay me later," meaning that it is far less costly to demonstrate a product's design early in development with prototypes, concepts, and analyses than to incur the cost of significant design changes after a product has entered production-a much more costly environment to make changes.
In hindsight, probably, we should have suspected that Judge Starr would not use the phrase "fiery loins."
Libraries were prepared according to the double adaptor method [ 39] with the following modifications: DNA was sheared using the Hydroshear (Gene Machines, San Carlos, CA) at speed code 2 for 25 cycles.
Memo to the White House: It's been Chatterbox's understanding that you come down pretty hard on anyone who tries to use the president's image in a commercial pitch--even if it's a joke (as, arguably, everything in Weekly World News is intended to be).
MAR means that the probability of missing depends only on observed variables [ 3 ] . Four strategies for examining the bias or sensitivity of results when MAR does not hold are to ( i ) fit all saturated MAR and non-MAR missing-data models [ 4 5 ] , ( ii ) add a parameter to various MAR models to make them non-MAR and test if the fit is significantly improved [ 6 7 ] , ( iii ) impute the missing data in one arm using the observed proportion of events in the other arm [ 8 9 ] , ( iv ) estimate results under a non-MAR missing-data mechanism with key parameters specified by the investigator [ 1 10 ] - [ 13 ] . We propose a variation of method ( iv ) for randomized trials with binary outcome that explicitly uses the randomization distribution to reduce user input.
Gene expression of CEM and ACH2 were performed using Atlas Human cDNA Expression Array (Clontech Laboratories Inc., Palo Alto, CA) according to the manufacturer's directions.
Once planning and decision-making structures are in place and performance results can be used as part of the decision-making process, organizations are in a better position to ensure that goals and objectives clearly link and align with IT performance measures.
To find out more about the composition of the Arabidopsis repeats, each sequence was searched against AtRepBase [ 25] and the Arabidopsis gene database [ 26] (using a maximum BLAST E-value of 0.01 and at least 100% identity for Arabidopsis genes and at least 95% identity to AtRep-Base sequences).
Gel-electrophoresis and transfer of RNA to the membrane were carried out in accordance with the standard protocol [ 29 ] . The hybridization was carried out according to the optimized low-background protocol [ 30 ] . PCR amplified DNA fragment for probe preparation was purified using Wizard PCR Preps Columns (Promega) and labeled using Prime-a-Gene Labeling System (Promega).
A BioMaterial is derived from one or more BioMaterials through Treatment events, which also specify the protocol and amount(s) of the BioMaterial(s) used.
These analogous steps in different pathways were originally used in formulating the recruitment hypothesis for evolutionary acquisition of new function [ 37], and it is interesting that the citramalate synthase gene shown in M. jannaschii had previously been annotated as α-isopropylmalate synthase (which catalyzes the initial step of leucine biosynthesis).
