Whatever you buy, you may be able to work out a discount.
While rescue efforts to save the survivors of the Kursk failed, salvage crews were able to recover a 'Black Box' from the submarine which recorded events leading up to the explosion.
God gave him big arms and strong legs, and he was able to swim across the river in about two hours, after almost drowning a couple of times.
For this event, when you purchase a corporate picnic table, you will be able to bring 16 people.
I am contacting you about a need I have and I believe you are well able to help me.
It was the brain, mostly; the amount of information the machine had to process to be able to function at the level it did ate up a lot of resources.
But as the day wore on, the Red Sox tried harder and by Tuesday night were able to get the player they wanted for their lineup.
Imagine the feeling of being able to offer your opportunity and products to millions of people in North America and other parts of the world from your own home-based niche.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
We also hope you have been able to follow the public education campaign for our master’s programs in The New York Times and elsewhere, a sign of our belief in them.
and now need to design a cd jacket Wanting to sleep because I am dog tired but not able to sleep (because I am dog tired?
Please don’t make me feel any guiltier about not being able to be with you.
“My plan is that you shut up while we’re trying to conduct business with someone who might be able to tell us what we’re actually going up against.
Ants engaged in all three behaviors must be able to identify other nestmates and their current tasks (as well as indicate to other ants their own nestmate status and current task), walk, navigate both within and outside of the nest, and of course switch tasks at appropriate times.
As he turned away from the beach, he saw the last flame of the fire, what used to be so huge he was afraid they wouldn’t be able to put it out, go away forever.
In ‘weak’ situations individuals are not able to interpret events in the same way, and the resulting ambiguity opens the door to myriad personal interpretations and opportunities for enactment.
I shouted, hardly able to hear myself.
Melody asked "The ability to be able to go into that mirror realm...
The EPR features of VO 2+are able to reveal some details about how CD39 hydrolyzes ATP and ADP.
Because this function responds to the sensors on Antie’s around the sides and only its sonar detectors will be able to detect objects in front of it, this escape function will not prevent Antie from being able to locate and pick up objects such as seeds.
Walking would appear as running, when traveling in the mirror realm, that is, if anyone in the real world was able to see them.
That should be able to cover most needs.
Hong Kong’s stores are usually able to arrange shipment.
In many parts of the world it is seen as essential for the success of the global services that they should be able to recognize, store, and present textual information like personal and organizational names, represented in the character sets used by those concerned.
You won't be able to resist.
"Not everyone in Calcutta, or India for that matter, is unanimous in praising the nun, whose organization was able to raise millions of dollars worldwide but made virtually no significant changes in the social structure of this collapsing city's poor neighborhoods.
Just enough for us all to be able to barely avoid killing each other.
Please l know very well that this mail might come to you as a surprise, I am rs Dagmar a dying woman who has decided to donate what I have to the Church, Mosque or any Charity Organization round your community through your assistance since l will not be able to do this here in my community for the reason which l will explain to you later.
Suddenly the lights dim and he is able to fully open his eyes.
Rather than sit back and wait for their jobs to be snatched away, the workers and local union members in the mills fought long and hard to be able to keep the factories open.
And, if you are able to send a gift of $15 or more, as a special new member bonus, I’ll send you our exclusive dolphin tote bag.
To act ethically, you must first be able to act at all.
Now, five chapters later, it is hardly an independent deduction that autonomous agents are the proposed organization of matter, energy, and organization to which purposes can be ascribed in the sense of being able to act on their own behalf.
We have not seen anything that demonstrates that every coal-fired power plant would be able to achieve 90% source-specific controls for mercury by 2007, without considerable fuel switching, which would be very disruptive to our economy and undermine energy security.
This means that the Directory must be able to handle national characters not found in the US-ASCII repetoire.
They leave Pleasant Run, generally, ready and able to contribute to society.
Because this function responds to the sensors on Antie’s around the sides and only its sonar detectors will be able to detect objects in front of it, this escape function will not prevent Antie from being able to locate and pick up objects such as seeds.
I've not been able to corroborate this explanation, but I'll never forget it.
Please let me know of you would be able to do this.
Students' GPAs will, in part, determine what they are able to do with their lives.
After all, I began by stating that a bacterium swimming upstream in the glucose gradient was acting on its own behalf in an environment, defined an autonomous agent as a physical system able to act on its own behalf, then asked what a physical system must be such that it can act on its own behalf.

With MegaDick you will be able to enlarge your dik to the necessary size and attract any lady you wish!
You are the lightI am the shadowSitting in the glow Of your flameHanging onTo the threads of lightThat encompass youMake you unattainableYet bind me to youIn a wayThat I knowI will never be able to let goKeep me in your glowFeed me those threadsAnd let me shine
You will not be able to send or receive new mail until you upgrade your email.
So if you think you'll be able to achieve a goal, you're more likely to set it.
One day, you won't be able to resist.
If the young farmers and foodies of Truro can organize, they might just be able to get local agriculture back on its feet.
Please if you would be able to use these funds for the Lord's work kindly reply to me.
Perhaps it is just as well, for only by the means available to modern science are we now able to preserve some of the artifacts that we find and, through radiocarbon dating, determine their approximate age.
It took some time and hard work, but with the help of Goodwill, Jerry was able to work out a payment plan with the prosecutor's office, find housing and conduct a more thorough job search.
The Federal Aviation Administration representative working in the FBI operations center made sure that the FBI was aware of the flights of Saudi nationals and was able to screen the passengers before they were allowed to depart.
We must be able to reach all youth and families interested in values-based programs.
Since then, she and I have grown very close and I have been able to experience lots of new things.
I've also set up a trust fund for the defense of the islands, Mr. Perkins will be able to provide you with all the necessary paperwork, and I've retained him as chief counsel for you.
In the case of midden work, Antie must be able to identify garbage, grasp it, carry it out of the nest, and deposit it about halfway down the mound before returning to repeat the process ad infinitum (or until stimulated to switch behaviors).
We go to movies, dinner, concerts, and other stuff like that, but I have also been able to participate in charity events and fundraiser type things.
We have lacked a physical definition of an autonomous agent, able to manipulate the universe on its own behalfthe egret whose foreboding of winter leads to lifted wing and steady, powerful flight.
The results I achieved were magnficent, my appetite came to acceptable level, I was in a good mood oftener, and, certainly, I became able to tighten my belt on some holes.
David Coleman) "Its a great advantage to be able to hurdle with both legs" (David Coleman) Jimmy Hill: "Don't sit on the fence Terry.
Pascoe said, "Only then will New Jersey voters be able to decide Torricelli's fitness for office.
I propose here the theoretical construction and programming of a robot (hereafter referred to as Antie) that will be able to infiltrate a red harvester ant nest, switching between the foraging, patrolling and midden work behaviors.
Fortunately by this time I had regained my presence of mind and was able to hold tightly to the rope, in spite of the excruciating pain I was now beginning to experience.
Not able to do anything else but wait, the Lone Ranger returned to the bar to finish his drink.
People knew what I could do, yet they thought I wasn’t able to do little things, like walking down a hallway.
Labor costs in America continued to go up, draining US companies of their resources, while companies overseas were able to cut labor costs and put that money back into updating and renovating their facilities.
Now that the international character code ISO 10646 is out, isn't it time for communication systems to be able to not only exchange pictures and sound but also plain text?
Powell said that Wolfowitz was not able to justify his belief that Iraq was behind 9/11.
Arthur Andersen will be able to retrieve these files for review with their terminal server access at the Three Allen Center location.
Would you be able to suggest anyone else - either in Australia, Europe or US who would be good to get to discuss the California crisis?
People tried to convince me to go through with all of the things doctors kept trying to fix by telling me "I can't imagine not being able to see.
What has your support of our campers meant to them and what have they been able to accomplish because you care?
Soon we will be able to point and click our enemies into oblivion.
You will be able to update your transfer information quickly and easily using our secure server web form.
He asks us to "look at what I, a foreign citizen, was able to do at a local Canadian Wal-Mart."
We won’t be able to broadcast a live feed from the area, so until we're clear, this is Melina Ortega live in Costa Rica.
Would you be able to suggest anyone else - either in Australia, Europe or US who would be good to get to discuss the California crisis?
Your processor should be able to tell you this information.
I categorized them based on their appearances, hoping I'd be able to pick them out of the crowd again later.
Authors should be able to control the settings for this and for literals.
and they might be able to fix it.
In Colombia, legal successes have often come about due to the Colombian government's recognition of the political viability of the rhetoric of indigenous rights; by granting indigenous peoples judicial sovereignty they hope to win the trust of a people who view the government as incapable of protecting them from the ongoing civil strife, and by giving them blocks of land they hope that the indigenous community will be able to keep out drug traffickers and guerrillas where the government itself has not (Jackson 1995: 8).
While I did not attend the trial--I was lucky to be able to read your highly amusing and informative dispatches, several of which made me spit up my lunch laughing--it certainly seemed as if the image of Bill Gates took a beating and the insular culture of Microsoft did not look so good.
After few months of this ugly situation and experience a friend of mine that had similar fraud experience years back, advised me on how he was able to get
This meant that foreign facilities were more modern and efficient than any plants in America, and therefore were able to export a more competitive product.
Earlier in the day Tuesday, one member of the Red Sox organization was not sure they would be able to get Floyd.
You may not be able to rescue that particular animal.
Specifically, I feel (quite strongly) that the user should be able to specify any old charset and have display at least attempted at the other end.
And won’t you also please make a tax-deductible contribution of just $15 --or more if you are able -- to help save the dolphins, whales, sea turtles, and other amazing marine creatures who so desperately need support from all of us these days!
As he turned away from the beach, he saw the last flame of the fire, what used to be so huge he was afraid they wouldn’t be able to put it out, go away forever.
I would appreciate it very much if you were able to assist/guide me.
So thankful to be able to share thru educating & inspiring others :- We are a generation of men raised by women, I'm wondering if another woman is really the answer we need" Tyler Durden Am I the only one who can't get the pigtailed Fook Yu out of my mind whenever I see Carrie Ann Inaba on #DWTS?
Would you be able to suggest anyone else - either in Australia, Europe or US who would be good to get to discuss the California crisis?
Pay a visit to the Casa Museu da Taipa, and you’ll be able to get a glimpse of how Macanese families lived in former days.
If you are able to provide this to Dan for the meeting I would appreciate it.
God gave him a rowboat and he was able to row across the river in about an hour, after almost capsizing the boat a couple of times.
The sixty-four million hexamer peptides are candidate second keys, any one of which might be able to fit into the same estrogen receptor lock into which estrogen fits.
With your assistance, the Libraries will be able to provide more journals, more computerized databases for locating vital information, and more equipment for rapid access to the computerized catalog and indexes.
AtPLC1, a protein isolated as a dehydration and salt stress-induced gene, was able to hydrolyze phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate and the activity was completely dependent on Ca 2+[ 42].
If they need the assistance of a physician to be able to die with dignity, they should have that right.
To carry out its important function of restoring investor confidence, the SEC may not always be able to attract the right people and retain them under the existing structure.
This small latent complex may be secreted inefficiently from the cell surface at relatively slow rates [ 23 ] . However, when the small latent complex is bound by the latent transforming growth factor β-binding protein via a disulfide bond to the latency-associated peptide, the result is the formation of a large latent complex which may be secreted efficiently and at a relatively high rate compared to the small latent complex [ 23 ] . Latent TGF-β is then released from the extracellular matrix via proteolytic cleavage from the large latent complex, and the resulting active TGF-β is now able to bind to the appropriate TGF-β cell-surface receptors [ 24 ] .
Rum-running became a major industry, and well-to-do Americans began making the short trip to the Bahamas to be able to drink legally, and to indulge in other pleasures.
IL-4 is able to inhibit IL-2 and IFN-γ production by Th1 cells, resulting in suppression of macrophage activation and the production of the proinflammatory cytokines IL-1, IL-6, IL-8, and TNF-α by monocytes and macrophages [ 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9].
If this is the case, one would predict to be able to obtain mutant forms of eRF1 showing a better recognition of poor codon context.
By combination of serology and DNA analysis, we were able to detect symptomatic infection more frequently in comparison to serology only (p = 0.013 for EBV; p = 0.007 for CMV).
These data demonstrate that the low variability in ratio calls that we are able to routinely obtain [ 6 ] are maintained during DAP incorporation.
I have been able to achieve the American Dream--a great postgraduate education, a good job, civic achievement, and a wonderful family.
And of course by "merge" I mean form a single organization able to more efficiently serve the needs of all its constituents.)
Analysts hailed the marriage because 1) Time Warner will be able to market its movies, music, and magazines to AOL's 20 million subscribers; and 2) AOL will be able to use Time Warner's massive cable network to deliver high-speed Internet access.
On the other hand, Walter Shapiro's column in USAT touching on the controversy does properly credit Salon . Not doing so is bush league and cheats the reader out of being able to look at more facts.
He regretted that he wouldn't be "able" to visit key primary states for months.
The senior Gore forced his son to work the family farm, arguing that to achieve anything in life a boy "oughta be able to run a hillside plow."
Pups of all Lifr genotypes are able to breathe well at birth and Lifr +/+ and +/- pups thrive with no apparent lung handicap.
Using a panel of FISH probes spanning several known sites of rearrangement within 15q11-q13 we were able to narrow the region containing the PTR pericentric inversion breakpoint to a complex cluster of segmental duplications approximately 600 kb in length, according to the most recent assembly of the human genome.
Exposure misclassification may also have affected our results, as we based our analyses on self-reported analgesic use and were not able to independently verify this information.
If the banks reopen in Jakarta, it said, "then at least the International Monetary Fund will be physically able to hand over the next tranche of its bailout package."
The fuzzy clustering method was also able to identify clusters of genes that were not identified by hierarchical or standard k-means clustering.
This was regardless of levels of expression of the Hoxc-8 transgene (Figure 7, Panel B) which increases with increasing transgene dosage [ 1 23 ] . These data indicate that, after appropriate time in culture, transgenic chondrocytes were able to proliferate normally, at least over the 24 hours duration of the assay.
If the SEC were able to establish its own annual budget and collect fees, the SEC would be better able to conduct its
High officials should be able to buy their way out of misconduct.
The text does not tell us that all people over the age of twenty-one should be entitled to vote but leaves it up to each state to decide who shall be able to vote “for the most numerous branch of the state legislature.”
You’ll be able to explore the Military Museum and Carriage Museum during your tour, but do take time to visit the vantage points along the western wall for wonderful views down onto vast areas of the Citadel, left unused and now decaying, and panoramic views across Cairo.
They used an apparatus named 'coincidence analyzer' which was able to determine the absolute time delay of the onset of inspiration precisely after the preceding R wave - see Footnote 1 - and which calculated the 'coupling rate' on the basis of the distribution of the detected time lags.
While I did not attend the trial--I was lucky to be able to read your highly amusing and informative dispatches, several of which made me spit up my lunch laughing--it certainly seemed as if the image of Bill Gates took a beating and the insular culture of Microsoft did not look so good.
The goal of this is to be able to get him to understand these five demands that the international community is making."
Other participants noted, however, that having salaried board members could be problematic because shareholders would have to be able to hire and fire the directors that would cause great instability and salaried board members may also lack an "independent spirit."
The incumbent would not be able to
In the last three or four years, though, after Moore's retirement (Noyce died in the 1980s), Grove was able to take on the visionary role, even as he seems to have made a conscious choice to become a more public figure.
And last March, an inspector was able to smuggle a fake pistol into the nuclear power plant in Vernon, Vermont.
Only when we have grasped the full extent of the Freudian intellectual fiasco--it is adumbrated in my book but exhaustively explored in Malcolm Macmillan's Freud Evaluated: The Completed Arc (1997)--will we be able to talk about motives with an adequate respect for their actual variety and volatility.
These results demonstrate that the BPNN and GPNNare both able to model the nonlinear gene-gene interactions specifiedby these models.
The TSA should be able to identify for Congress the array of potential terrorist attacks, the layers of security in place, and the reliability provided by each layer.
The late metro edition of the NYT is able to state with some confidence what the paper's earlier national edition was only able to treat as a rumor: "Pol Pot is Dead, Thai Army Says."
Oklahoma grandparents should be able to enjoy their grandchildren, not raise them.
Lower PMSD bounds, which are based on the 10th percentiles of national PMSD data, are presented in Table 6. The 10th percentile PMSD represents a practical limit to the sensitivity of the test method because few laboratories are able to achieve such precision on a
However, while GACK is able to account for minor variations in a set of replicate hybridizations, we emphasize that hybridizations of poor quality yield irreproducible results regardless of the analysis method.
Of course, in financial circles, McColl, who constructed the deal, is believed to be able to walk on water.
and if we'd be able to tell the difference once we got there.
These results suggest that CGMA profiling is able to predict regions of frequent chromosomal imbalance in HCC as well as CGH profiling.
If this were the only role for such binding, then attachment to a membrane-localization tag might be able to restore function to versions of Boi1 that are impaired in the ability to bind phospholipid.
But you can also learn about grammatical patterns that you'd never be able to judge otherwise--the ratio of "different from" to "different than" in texts, for example.
The antiques dealer should be able to advise you in this process.
However, by using gene-specific probes in an RNase protection assay, we were able to demonstrate the over-expression of granzyme B and granzyme H separately in leukemic LGL cells (Fig.
In the configuration planned by the Air Force through mid-2001, the Predator's missile would not be able to hit a moving vehicle.
In contrast, L91' was initially able to trans-silence E82, as judged by suppression of the endogene cosuppression phenotype associated with naive E82; importantly, the unmodified L91 control locus did not have this ability (Table 1).
It can thus be concluded that cytological examination of sputum specimens is able to detect adenocarcinomas at an early stage albeit with low sensitivity (15%).
You’ll be able to choose from styles ranging from the understated to the extremely flamboyant.
Whether just-in-time inventories will be able to dampen future business cycles, however, remains to be seen.
We were later able to readily distinguish between the correct and incorrect alignments when an all-atom scoring function was applied to the models constructed using both alignments, and justify the changes by detailed environment analysis.
Those using the standard would be able to choose that data that is included in their shared datasets (e.g.
Starting in April 1999, cable companies will be able to set their own rates, except on "basic tier" service (the no-frills menu of broadcast and public-access programming).
Although the sources of the neurons varied widely in age and species, PEI was nonetheless able to facilitate the expression of at least two foreign genes, LacZ and EGFP, in each of the experimental settings.
NPR1 , DC3000• avrB might be able to elicit SAR on
The proOmpA also was able to bind to and protect SecB (Fig.
For example, through the use of STAT5-/- mice, Ihle et al have been able to identify those IL-2 target genes that require STAT5 [ 56 57 ] . Similar approaches with mutant signaling proteins, knockouts, or over-expression systems enable such dissection of the signal transduction pathways leading to specific target genes.
She is able to offer helpful advice only because the problems described are not hers; she is not emotionally involved in them and can consider them objectively.
29The Federal Aviation Administration representative working in the FBI operations center made sure that the FBI was aware of the flights of Saudi nationals and was able to screen the passengers before they were allowed to depart.
Most use other substances as well, so it is important to be able to intervene for a variety of problems.
It'll be a bit of bad news cartoonists won't be able to draw about.
Language is viewed not only as the product but the shaper of culture and as such is able to perpetuate or discourage discrimination or oppression.
The same paper said in an editorial that the summit is "not the be-all and end-all, because even if the sides sign some sort of agreement, it will not be able to reverse in one fell swoop the feeling of alienation that prevails between them."
At least, they need to be able to do that.
By assessing the characteristics of the changes in expression of these known IL-2 targets, we were able to define a range of both fold-induction and subtracted difference that encompassed all of these genes.
Next fall, we should be able to come back and say something meaningful about what kind of year the arts have had.
The word discubitory took my fancy; neither Chambers nor Webster having been able to enlighten me, I consulted Dr. Richards himself, by the simple process of looking up in the Welsh-English section the Welsh word which Dr. Richards had given as the translation of discubitory in the English-Welsh section.
Staff with any level of prior health training and little additional training should be able to administer an ideal test.
While it is essential to be able to effectively transfer information to the community at large it is imperative that the educational quality of the product that a training program produces (lay health advisor, witness role model) be maximized through well integrated multifaceted approaches.
As long as finance is a mainly domestic affair, what people want in a bank run is local money--and, guess what, the government is able to print as much as it wants.
The NYT reports that FAA agents masquerading as airline passengers have been able to smuggle guns, hand grenades and bombs past security guards or have gotten the weapons sent in through exits.
The manual explained that to understand your patients you must be able to understand the colloquial and idiomatic expressions they use and you must be able to speak to them in a simple way so that they'll understand you.
potentialfalse-positives), is GPNN able to detect gene-gene interactionsas well or better than a traditional BPNN?
Kate O'Beirne predicts Hillary will drop out of the race and wonders how she'll ever be able to run for president if she can't win New York.
In 1871, by a combination of military annexation, diplomacy and bribery, Otto von Bismarck was able to unify the northern and southern German states in the Imperial Reich, with Prussia as its central power.
Thus, the nation as a whole may not be able to consume and invest more.
6), suggesting that the TK mutant is able to provide whatever vital function normally is provided by Boi1/Boi2.
If the Postal Service should have a greater degree of pricing freedom and be able to engage in negotiations with selected mailers, one way to provide such freedom, even without further changes, would be to allow the Postal Service to operate under inverse price caps.
If a few additional days go by and no widespread computer failures present themselves, Yardeni told investors, "you'll be able to read my lips.
This example also points out the fact that the upper bound μ upper ≅ 8.3% is not overly conservative for this system as we were able to produce a destabilizing perturbation of size 9%.
It’s essential that the craftsmen who make the gongs have a musical ear so that they are able to hear whether the sets of gongs are suitable for the five-tone Balinese scale.
This is inherent in the nature of the business--Lucent won't be able to change it.
Enrico Caruso and Sara Bernhardt once performed here, and on weekends you may be able to catch a performance by one of Cuba’s top ballet companies.
We might also be able to report the number of applications for housing construction permits and how many units suitable for low-income housing were coming on the market within 12 months.
We speculated that alanine substitution or deletion in the loop of the p51 subunit may shorten the interacting sphere of the loop which may not be able to induce opening of the polymerase cleft in p66, which is essential for DNA binding.
This result suggests that the supernatants from RA SCLs may contain more chemokines than or different chemokines to those of OA SCL or fibroblast lines and, therefore, are able to attract additional monocytes.
That neither writer was ultimately able to do so may have doomed the show.
Mutant offspring that were best able to utilize the sparse nutritional residues would survive.
The authors suggest that morphine has low intrinsic activity at μ-opioid receptor compared for instance to the lower affinity μ agonist [D-Ala 2,N-MePhe 4,Gly 5-ol]enkephaline (DAMGO) which is able to trigger an internalization process.
However, this ratio may be able to change in a load-dependent manner such that the amount of myosin-II that is recruited to the cleavage furrow may be able to generate much greater forces than appear to be minimally required.
While this study was only of moderate sample size, particularly when exploring relationships within subgroups of different consumption patterns, we were able to observe a significant protective effect for citrus peel and hot black tea consumption in relation to skin SCC.
An individual should be able to preenroll, with his or her identity verified in passage.
So you see the purpose of this fund is about need and helping worthy, but less fortunate students, who without your help would not be able to attend the school of their choice.
We expected some of these mutants to disrupt assembly of sheets and/or tubes, and we would then be able to test whether they also disrupted cell division.
For good tickets you should plan well in advance through your travel agency, but your hotel may be able to help with seats made available by last-minute cancellations.
His heir, Humayun, preferred opium and astrology to complex State affairs; he was driven out of India into Persia by General Sher Shah, who proved to be a much more able ruler.
0.3 μg/gram/day has been reported to induce abortion in 5% of mice during early gestation following 3 days of administration [ 59 ] . The dosage used in this study was able to induce pre-term birth by natural delivery at a time when the pups were able to survive ex utero (E18.
In both towers, civilians who were able to reach the stairs and descend were also stymied by the deviations in the stairways and by smoke doors.
TGF-β1 is clearly a potent cytokine, able to confer multiple effects when expressed intra-articularly in vivo .
I suspect that someday historians who were not Nixon's contemporaries and didn't feel the emotions of that era will be able to give a more objective ranking--perhaps higher, perhaps lower.
26 Moreover, all households may not be able to simultaneously tap their apparent wealth to finance consumption because large-scale asset sales could tend to depress market values.
We were pleased, too, when, several years ago, we were able to pay contributors, a rare occurrence in the loftier realms of noncommercial publishing.
The judiciary , run by respected judges, should be able to remain independent, except when it is handling highly sensitive, politicized cases in which Beijing's central authority is at stake.
Based on PCA, this method is able to visualize relationships between hybridizations by dimension reduction.
RASMCs are able to adhere to and spread on III1-C.
But now, criminal law queries can be referred to Families Against Mandatory Minimums, at www.famm.org, a national group that might be able to help a caller, no matter where the person is in the United States.
As I said, I don't want to suggest that Bill Gates isn't a generous person nor even that his giving doesn't represent considerable sacrifice on his part (though it must be nice to be able to give that kind of money away).
Some unscrupulous farmers (or merchants) back then made a practice of diluting the milk they sold with water, thus being able to sell water at the price of milk.
The shorter the lead time, the more quickly a firm is able to deliver products to retail customers.
However, using gene-specific probes in an RNase protection assay, we were able to distinctly identify the over-expression of both granzyme B and H in leukemic LGL cells (Fig.
We have previously used a similar technique to identify M. leprae genes involved in intracellular survival [ 14 ] . That is, by expressing M. leprae genes in E. coli, we were able to isolate recombinant bacteria that exhibited increased resistance to killing by murine bone-marrow derived macrophages [ 14 ] .
I can't decide if the woman is an actress, since she's able to get by so easily without doing all that much.
American women must be able to make that decision for themselves.
The cream of film scorers, they imply, are consummate collaborators, able to fuse notes and images so that each inflames the other.
Interestingly, we have observed that intravenous injection of naïve dendritic cells, genetically modified to express IL-4, is able to effectively treat established arthritis by inhibiting the Th1 response (unpublished data).
[ 23 24 25 26 ] Using the PCR-SSCP technique we were able to detect only one polymorphism in the entire coding regions of the KIT gene, and this polymorphism did not change the amino acid sequence at codon 798.
Many responses remark on our sedentary youth, barely able to leave the couch, let alone the house, sedated by the television, the Nintendo, the ennui, the Quaaludes.
Subsequently, sequence analysis identified KRC as a member of the ZAS family of proteins which share the ability to bind κB-like motifs [ 15 ] . DNA competition analysis showed that KRC fusion proteins containing the ZAS-C domain bind specifically to both the RSS and to the κB motif [ 14 28 ] . DNA footprinting analysis further showed that KRC/ZAS-C binds to specific nucleotides within the κB and the heptamer of the RSS [ 14 ] . In this study, using a PCR-based DNA-binding site-selection and amplification procedure, we demonstrated that both the N-terminal ZAS-N and the C-terminal ZAS-C domains are able to bind GT-rich DNA sequences, and confirmed that the RSS and κB motifs are the high-affinity targets of KRC.
Capitalism is no longer able to find uses for the available investment funds, which waste in idleness in the account books of the banks.
Soon, Americans will no longer be able to blame bad taste in furniture on a lack of choice.
Although our original SH3 domain binding experiments suggested a specific interaction between Tec kinases and the Src kinases Fyn, Lyn and Hck, we have been able to observe both activation by and co-precipitation with other Src family kinases including Lck and Src in 293T cells (data not shown).
Anyone reviewing a TMA file should be able to precisely determine how the data is organized by reading the data tags included in the file.
Even families with low status and low wealth might be able to save aggressively for several generations in order to buy their way into the aristocracy, and again there is an eventual breakdown.
observed that HHV-6 (same subfamily as CMV) could cause the reactivation of EBV [ 33 ] . The authors suggested that HHV-6 was having a direct effect on EBV reactivation because they were able to observe the presence of both viral antigens in the same cell.
Each of you may contribute the amount that you feel able to contribute, and then you may deduct for it on your taxes.
You may not be able to sustain this attitude, but it will be worth a very hard try.
A mathematical model based upon the coalescence of all structures initially located in proximity to each other is able to accurately predict the actual distributions found experimentally.
What happens when people are living on the edge -- barely able to survive –- and an unexpected emergency arises?
It is of interest that PGE 2 appears to be able to regulate the protease activity responsible for extracellular matrix degradation.
Dole and others thought it high time for a US coup, and they were able to persuade the US naval forces to assist in deposing the Queen in 1893.
To be able to assess the extent to which enrolled patients represent all potential subjects, clinical study coordinators at each site keep logs of every eligible stroke patient who is offered participation in the study, whether or not they are enrolled.
With their backgrounds--Griffin is deputy editor of Premiere and Masters, a contributing editor for Time and Vanity Fair --the authors should have been able to tell us a little more about why Hollywood movies are so bad.
Thus, we were able to normalize input amounts of cRNA for each condition tested in order to quantitatively compare relative changes due to each respective modification.
In one of Saul Bellow's books there is a sentence, which I have never been able to find since I first read it, about grasping "the hot wire of publicity"--and not being able to let go.
I should have been able to refer to the fruits of Mills's labors by inserting a floppy disk into my machine.
And the paper was fortunately able to get a minute with Robert Kraut of Carnegie Mellon University to get his explanation that it's very natural for human beings to shorten words.
Johnson said through the program her shelter, which served 187 women and children last year, has been able to form better relationships with those who work with domestic violence victims.
It stated that the FAA had no credible evidence of specific plans to attack U.S. civil aviation, though it noted that some of the "currently active" terrorist groups were known to "plan and train for hijackings"and were able to build and conceal sophisticated explosive devices in luggage and consumer products.
In short, with real numbers publishers would be able to maximize the audience for a serious book.
Furthermore, both isoforms of Rlk were also able to co-precipitate with Fyn (data not shown).
There are people who are not members of the Libertarian Party but who are open-minded about it and willing to listen, even though you may not be able to convert them.
'We should be able to get all our ethical input from television, movies, and popular music,' Bagemihl added.
We do not know if endogenous enkephalins are able to induce the endocytosis of δ-opioid receptors in vivo . A recent study carried out on organotypic cultures and neuromuscular preparations, demonstrated a possible internalization process of μ-opioid receptor by endogenously released enkephalins after electrical stimulation ( 19).
As depicted in Fig 3A, the mhATF-BPTI expressed in the supernatant of Ad Adapt mhAB infected A459 cells was able to inhibit 70% of the plasmin activity at a picomolar concentration (mol wt: 25 kD).
The information we have presented about the development of the planes operation shows how, by the spring and summer of 2000, al Qaeda was able to meet these requirements.
While we cannot rule out possible allosteric interactions between the peptides, the data suggests that the HSPLs were able to dissect the ligand-binding region of TNFR2 into several structural and/or functional hotspots.
Part of the agreement the participants must sign before meeting with the attorney is that the attorney is not able to serve as the person's lawyer during any action in the matter.
In summary, HSPLs were isolated with which we were able to dissect the ligand-binding domain of a natural receptor and generate information about novel and unexpected bioactivities.
We have not seen anything that demonstrates that every coal-fired power plant would be able to achieve 90% source-specific controls for mercury by 2007, without considerable fuel switching, which would be very disruptive to our economy and undermine energy security.
Using a novel indicator for oxidative activity, OxyBURST Green H 2 HFF BSA, I am able to study the distribution of lysosomal oxidative burst activity and its concurrent pH changes in live macrophage-like J744A.
It seems that the organizers of a Ponzi scheme based on jewelry sales were, through a third-party political donation to the DNC, able to wangle a photo op with President Clinton, and then used the resulting photo in their promotional literature to snare more investors.
I have no moral right to tell other people they shouldn't be able to have children, and I don't see that Bill Clinton has that right either.
By varying the estimated values for cost drivers, the auditor may also be able to perform a sensitivity analysis illustrating where project estimates are most susceptible to change.
Previous studies showed that translocational step size produced by a myosin motor is proportional to the number of IQ domains and the larger the step the faster or more efficiently they are able to transport vesicles [ 9].
In the future, as annotations improve, we hope to be able to perform such assessments quantitatively and objectively.
Were the other papers able to file later?
In 1729 Benjamin Franklin said a journalist ought to be qualified with an extensive acquaintance with languages, a great easiness and command of writing and relating things clearly and intelligibly, and, in a few words, he should be able to speak of war both by land and sea, be well acquainted with geography, with the history of the time, with the several interests of princes and states, the secrets of courts, and the manners and customs of all nations.
The message: You don't even have to be able to play a video game to master this technology.
Although we collected data on matters work undertaken during the last six months of 2001, we were not able to analyze and report on them to the LSC Board and on our website until 2002.
On the other hand, if the name of your product is a common word which is applied in an arbitrary or fanciful sense, you should be able to claim it as a trademark.
Through the action on the stage, we are able to see -really see -ourselves reflected; how we think, how we emotionally react.
The peculiar horror of the underclass has been, in part, that those remedies haven't been able to crack an isolated subculture of non-working non-families.
Earlier studies in the voltage-gated Na +channel had shown that pore function was not compromised when the II-III linker or III-IV linker was cut and the two fragments were coexpressed each in a separate vector [ 37 ] . We would thus conclude that in the case of the Ca 2+channel, an intact II-III loop is essential for this function since neither fs-α 1S nor the combined expression of the two truncated fragments (not shown) was able to rescue Ca 2+current.
George Marshall (a Southerner), who was able to get Coca-Cola (Atlanta-based) exempted from the wartime rationing of sugar.
Although anti-Semitism was less significant than nationalism and anti-Bolshevism to the Nazis' mass appeal, Hitler and his peers were able to execute the Final Solution because they could count on the allegiance, and sometimes even the love, of the German people.
Besides knowing and studying his own culture and ethnic community, he was able to bring another consciousness to the study of folklore in general and to Texas-Mexican folklore in particular.
Using this naming scheme we are able to describe the development of embryonic structures starting from anlage in statu nascendi at the cellular blastoderm stage through a series of developmental intermediates - anlage and primordia - to a differentiated embryonic structure.
I emphasize the lying part, and search for the formulation that will permit me to avoid anything that directly links the president to sex (a concept I am not even sure my audience is able to define).
However, this programme will not be able to achieve a high degree of success without national policies and programmes addressing the profit margins of SP versus AQ drugs, advertising and sales of unapproved drugs, the enforcement of correct dosage labeling, and retrieval from the market of inefficacious drugs.
By gel purification and reamplification we were able to detect additional cap sites 677, 316, and 289 nucleotides upstream of the AUG.
The USAT front section "cover story" does a very able job of covering the geopolitical and especially military nuances facing any U.S. move against Iraq.
While two-hybrid screens efficiently identify fusion proteins that are able to interact, the biological significance of the interaction for native proteins acting in vivo generally requires verification, because the technique is susceptible to a high rate of false positives [ 8 ] . To assess the possible contribution of false-positive protein-protein interactions to the combined interaction dataset, we analyzed the connectivity of each protein and found that a small fraction of proteins had a very high number of interactions (highlighted in red, Fig.
Here you’ll be able to stroll past stalls selling fresh produce and souvenirs, or eat at the numerous small ouzeries that serve the market workers.
As we later show, for this system the upper bound is fairly tight, as we are able to obtain a destabilizing perturbation of size 9%.
Under this environment, the average postpartum mother who does not have other reasons to avoid light, is able to carry on her daily activities, including the care of her infant, without sacrificing her exposure to light that regulates circadian rhythms responsible for many normal biological functions.
Being able to drive and refold a road map at the same time.
Sure, there are some from other courts elsewhere, but they are few and far between, and Starr really wouldn't be able to cite them properly in a brief in the District of Columbia.
Requirement or system component must be able to perform.
We also tested growth of these strains on YP galactose + 2-DG plates and found that only the triple mutant was able to grow, albeit weakly, on this medium, perhaps because galactose is a poor carbon source (data not shown).
Furthermore, the agency-designated central liaison or point of contact should be able to, among other things, set up necessary meetings (such
Sure, I might be able to sell them to a used software store, but I wouldn't be able to get more than $5 or so because those stores must mark them up so substantially to cover their own costs.
I will leap ahead to state now my tentative answer: A molecular autonomous agent is a self-reproducing molecular system able to carry out one or more thermodynamic work cycles.
Plato believed that through education, people could leave the cave and be able to see the truth instead of the shadows, thus fitting themselves to become the wise rulers of society.
Farmworker cases are very labor intensive - clients generally cannot be accessed by phone or fax, clients may not be able to communicate in writing, and interviewing a client or obtaining or preparing documents may require multiple visits in person to the worker's location.
If NPR1 is truly essential for SAR [ 9 ] , npr1 mutant plants should not be able to undergo SAR in response to P. syringae pv.
They will be able to reduce the spending of individual programs by up to 15 percent, while leaving other programs' budgets alone.
Retailers like Tommy Hilfiger and Ralph Lauren, whose jeans are not dramatically superior to Levi's in quality, are able to charge more simply because of their name.
In addressing the question of antenatal treatment of congenital diseases, he claimed that had we been able to treat congenital syphilis, we would have lost the genius of Beethoven.
In the next paragraph, he says it's OK for Bill and Hillary Clinton to send their kid to a private school while opposing school choice because you should be able to rise above principle to send your kids to private school.
Since the author has not been able to figure out how much the postal service charges itself for delivery, this notion, while sounding meritorious and politically correct, will not be mentioned again.
Born in 1884, Partridge died in 1979; Paul Beale has picked up the reins in an able manner and continues to charge ahead.
Which would explain how the Iraqis were able to render the sites pristine in the relatively short time before the inspectors finally gained access.
Guided walks and special trails are mapped out for those intending to walk Mount Teide on Tenerife, and local tourist information offices may be able to help with trails in other national parks.
We are only able to provide these programs because of your support.
With the help of a larger training set, we were able to significantly improve the performance of McPromoter, our computational TSS prediction tool.
Had the United States been able to begin anew, with judges educated in the values and vision of Gettysburg, with a new generation unaffected by old habits of thought, Lincoln’s prophecy at Gettysburg might have prevailed.
As the application of advancing technology continues, systems will be able to directly transmit receipt and acceptance data from points of purchase to central locations for invoice examination and payment authorization.
In total, we were able to align 51.
The thrashing E. coli swimming upstream in a glucose gradient is an autocatalytic system able to reproduce.
Lewinsky delivers her canned message in the interview's opening seconds: "I waited a long time to be able to express to the country how very sorry I am for my part in this past year's ordeal.
But they won't be able to say they weren't helped with their math homework by the very best.
Sadly, you won’t be able to get in, but you can loiter (with appropriate decorum) in the area’s two landmark hotels, the Fairmont and the Mark Hopkins, both at the top of California Street.
He views either of them as the instrument, the bond, of his not being able to pass on the crown to a successor of his choosing (or of his subsequent begetting).
We will be able to fund the position with important incentives for excellence which would not be available from any other source.
Will we ever be able to say with confidence probably, or even possibly, or perhaps?
In his continuing trial, he should be able to address this question because adolescents will be randomized to booster sessions or a single session.
Or it means that you're not New York-savvy enough to be able to arrange for yourself one of those special little deals the city is full of, such as, mainly, a rent-controlled apartment.
At the same time, the early years of World War II brought American tourists who were no longer able to travel to Europe on holiday.
If a poor person gets run over by a bus, an attorney might take that case because they might be able to recover part of the damage award as attorney fees.
In particular, high-density biochips including complementary deoxyribonucleic acid (cDNA) microarrays, oligonucleotide microarrays, and rapidly evolving proteomics platforms represent modern tools able to interrogate biology on a genome-wide scale and generate tens of thousands of data points simultaneously [ 1 ] . While researchers are beginning to appreciate the statistical rigors required for the analysis of genome-scale datasets, a rate-limiting step in knowledge growth occurs at the transition from statistical significance to biological discovery.
So far, Asher said, Colorado Legal Services has been able to attract the talent it needs.
During the flight over from San Juan, you’ll be able to get a bird’s-eye view of most of the neighboring US and British Virgin Islands.
One cannot help thinking that an entire generation of viewers--assuming they are able to read at all--is growing up learning how to misspell pursuant.
I fully appreciate that much work may be needed before agencies' respective performance management systems are able to support a more direct link between pay and individual knowledge, skills, and performance.
More than 20 businesses have been able to expand and employ more residents.
Jobs' quest for complete control also meant that he didn't want his machines to be able to talk to other companies' machines.
The citizen should be able to address representatives of the U.S. government in person, make claims against the higher power, and receive its protection as a citizen abroad or on the high seas.
Even if you only have one day, you’ll be able to enjoy its delights.
"If it were not for the services they provide us, the older persons would not be able to get around to do our business, such as visits to doctors, grocery and drug stores."
Lower PMSD bounds, which are based on the 10th percentiles of national PMSD data, are presented in Table 6. The 10th percentile PMSD represents a practical limit to the sensitivity of the test method because few laboratories are able to achieve such precision on a
Why is it that I seem to be able to find typographical errors in others' works but seldom in my own?
Prudie thinks it's marvelous that you and your spouse of two decades are able to unhitch in a civilized, amiable manner.
The reality of John Malone is that he's someone able to see the value inherent in a mundane present--the present of cable wires and the E! Network--that everyone else was too quick to write off.
In the end, Galoob was able to secure a license and guarantee its future, but in exchange it mortgaged the farm.
Having been supplied with so much notice, Saddam will then be able to make good use of that month to conceal or destroy whatever the U.S. and Britain failed to eliminate."
Yesterday, the WP was able to squeeze early news of the 2 a.m. agreement into a late edition.
Information systems able to authenticate travel documents and detect potential terrorist indicators should be used at consulates, at primary border inspection lines, in immigration services offices, and in intelligence and enforcement units.
I think it's great that anyone will be able to do what Harmony Korine does, since what he does he does so badly.
With crime down and the economy up, New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani is finally able to turn to the really big issues--like keeping the original Winnie-the-Pooh doll in a Manhattan museum against the claims of a member of the British Parliament that it belongs back in England.
The Neo 3' splice site contains a potential branch point sequence, and the sequence (CAGG) across the intron-exon boundary is optimal according to the scanning model of 3' splice site selection [ 54 55 ] . The Neo site differs from the typical 3' splice site in that it lacks a polypyrimidine tract; however, this feature is often missing from alternative splice sites [ 56 ] . Both the A of the branch point and the intron-terminal AG dinucleotide are considered invariant; therefore, one may be able to enhance the mutagenic efficiency of U3Neo vectors by altering these nucleotides.
But Congress won't be able to impeach him if the Republican majority has squandered its authority by overplaying an arguably lesser scandal that most people think boils down to lying about sex.
On the other hand, perhaps, South Africa may even be able to get a clearer view of its harsh realities, and its uphill tasks, without his overarching charisma.
Due to information gathered in the cohort study, we were also able to control for other potential confounding variables such as cigarette smoking and alcohol intake.
Helms is "misunderstood," "an able and resourceful executive," "the easiest boss in Congress," and "a kindly, courtly gentleman who loves kids."
Therefore, if frequent flyer miles received on program-related travel were not captured and used for this type of travel, the bureaus might not be able to send their employees to these types of events.
You wouldn't have been able to experience the joys of plays I have been in (and those I haven't) without donations other than ticket purchases.
The Games themselves must be able to proceed unclouded by unresolved scandal."
The deal was hailed by analysts and the press as a powerful move by Lucent into "services," offering the possibility that companies will now be able to come to Lucent for one-stop shopping.
For the last 24 years, students at the University of California, Santa Cruz have been able to ask their professors for written evaluations instead of the standard grades.
If the CIA flew Predators for its own reconnaissance or covert action purposes, it might be able to borrow them from the Air Force, but it was not clear that the Air Force would bear the cost if a vehicle went down.
It is only with the help of concerned citizens that we are able to continue to carry out our mission effectively.
"More precisely, well-off foreigners who are willing and able to pay top dollar for care they either can't get at home or prefer to get in the USA."
However, if clinically tested PKC agonists such as Bryostatin 1 are able to rescue the IFNg-induced MHCII expression within the tumor bed, it might be appropriate to consider them for trials to improve the clinical efficacy of cancer immunotherapy.
We were not able to detect a difference in expression of PR between tumors 5A and 7, however, despite the fact that tumor 7 was PR positive (150 fmol/mg) and 5A was PR negative, possibly representing an expression difference below the sensitivity of the technology (see below).
Given the narrowness of both my hasty characterization of your position (vis-à-vis "instrumentalization") and of your own objection to my characterization, I'm glad to be able to come back and say now that my words were unfair to your much more complex approach to "the uses of the Holocaust."
Others have been able to distinguish sequences of up to 90% homology [ 6 ] using the same platform (3-base mismatch/ 30-mer oligonucleotide signal near or below negative control threshold), and we support their findings here with the control and 1:1 DAP:A condition.
In the face of continual dilution, the constitutive production of the IL-1Ra gene product was able to maintain effective protein levels and was able to sustain and increase protection of the HSFs from IL-1 stimulation as time progressed.
But it turns out that the paper isn't able to stick to that policy for more than a few paragraphs.
"At some point I would very much like to be able to have a national talk radio show and a national television show and a national column to be able to bring my views to those Americans who would care to hear them.
Because of a genetic mutation, however, certain bees are able to put a fake royal marker on their eggs, making other bees think they are the queen's.
We applied these screening criteria to the Emissions and Generation Resource Integrated Database (E-GRID) [ 20 ] to determine a subset of 553 power plants potentially able to respond to demand-side management efforts.
Even free-lance pundit Dennis Rodman, who was suspended by the Chicago Bulls for missing a practice, was able to see his troubles through Clinton's lens.

I cannot find it in my heart to fault Dr. Welsh for his failure: he probably tried out his ideas on friends who might well have been able to find what they were looking for.
I'd settle for being able to buy wine from mainstream Internet merchants such as 1-800-WINE-SHOP or Wine.com (which used to be Virtual Vineyards).
They endure lengthy lines to be able to travel to the top, gazing out at the city and down into the Bundestag chamber.
GPNN is able to modelgene-gene interactions and develop NN models that can generalizeto new observations.
The above figure was given to me as my share and to conceal this kind of money became a problem for me, so with the help of a British contact working with the UN here (his office enjoys some immunity)I was able to get the package out to a safe location entirely out of trouble spot.
Would you be able to suggest anyone else - either in Australia, Europe or US who would be good to get to discuss the California crisis?
In addition to following these trails to the food, foragers must also be able to identify food, grasp it and carry it back to the nest.
The English, who were importing French words prodigiously, now have many examples from both sides of the letter-shed-- ability and the suffix - able , as well as such words as arbo(u)r , from the cut stage.
Thus, although the KK, TK, and KKTK mutant proteins all were able to localize to the bud in small-budded cells, they were localized and/or retained there less efficiently than was wild-type Boi1-GFP.
It's odd that the WP was able to find this out without finding out what prompted it.
What Amazon has recognized from the beginning is that its most valuable asset was not its warehouses or even its Web site but rather the "stickiness" of its customers and the information about their buying habits that it was able to collect.
All the other critics in America--"[o]ur official arbiters of culture"--"have lost the gift of being able to comprehend a work of art that does not reflect their immediate experience; they have become afraid of genuine art."
While Bush remained mired in a "Gentleman's C" groove for the duration of his undergraduate years, Bradley was able to pull himself out of his first-year struggles by dint of hard effort and went on to an honors degree and a Rhodes scholarship.
If we can do it for automobiles, we ought to be able to do it to handguns.
With your personal commitment, the IUPUI Chancellor will be able to act sooner and more effectively when special opportunities arise.
Or, they may not get all their questions answered, leaving them less able to make an informed decision.
An interview in which, after an initial or lead question, subsequent questions are determined by topics brought up by the person being interviewed; the concerns discussed, their sequence, and specific information obtained are not predetermined and the discussion is unconstrained, able to move in unexpected directions.
1 is the easy-to-forget point that money shouldn't be able to buy influence with a democratic government.
According to this executive, the town hall meetings helped improve his customer satisfaction levels because veterans identified the concerns that were most important to them, gained direct access to the VBA employees working on their benefit claims, and were better able to understand the claims process.
With the economy at full throttle, it would be easy to forget that not everybody has been able to make the trip.
The GSK3β phosphorylation site was identified by mutagenesis as serine 33 of p53, and we were able to show that this was dependent on prior phosphorylation of serine 37 by DNA-PK.
Brass predicts that you'll be able to get 50,000 titles electronically--more than you can find in an average Barnes & Noble franchise--in two years.
To determine the optimal quantity for a SKU, the retailer finds the number of units to order so that the expected marginal cost of stocking an additional unit and not being able to sell it equals the expected marginal cost of not stocking that unit when it would have sold if available.
Perhaps thrown by the mind-blowing juxtaposition of economic theorist and Hollywood actress, not a single linker was able to meet Slate reader Greg Ransom's Hayek-to-Hayek challenge.
Ideally, you would be able to include a gentleman you've met independently in a function involving all the old friends, thereby making a statement.
We estimate that our approach has a specificity of 84%, as we were able to detect antisense transcription over 33 of 39 regions queried.
If it turns out that the politician is a fraud or a hypocrite, we should be able to know this--as long as the methods of revealing such knowledge do not invade the person's privacy in an unfair or Kenneth Starr-like way.
A Friar Dominguez is quoted by Adrian H. Bustamente in Santa Fe--History of an Ancient City as describing the villa in 1776, the year of American independence from British rule, as consisting of “many small ranches at various distances from one another, with no plan as to their location, for each owner built as he was able, wished to, or found convenient, now for the little farms they have there, now for small herds of clattle which they keep in corrals of stakes, or else for other reasons.”
The BchI subunit also possesses a single AAA protomer, but contains no MIDAS domain [ 32 ] . The third subunit BchH is able to bind the protoporphyrin ring in either the presence or absence of ATP.
Generally, I think private employers ought to be able to hire and fire whomever they want at time for any reason.
The tiger chasing the gazelle and the starfish predating the trilobite are, we suppose, Popperian creatures able to formulate hypotheses about their worlds that may sometimes die in their stead.
To date, neither we nor the FBI have been able to verify Abdullah's alleged jailhouse statements, despite investigative efforts.
Among those consequences are the construction of new structures able to measure sources of energy.
An alternative short walk is to head out along the levada for a half hour or so (before steep drops begin), by which time you will certainly have been able to sample its charm, and then head back to Ribeiro Frio.
Now you'll be able to get property insurance from Travelers when you take out a mortgage from Citibank, or your Travelers agent will be able to badger you into getting a Citibank credit card after he's done badgering you about life insurance.
Through our genomic analysis we were able to determine that TMOD2 and 4, like TMOD1/Tmod1, share conserved genomic structures consisting of nine coding exons and a single 5' UTR exon (E0).
Henceforth, Louisianians will be able to choose between two prefabricated contracts, each with very different provisions for divorce.
Using the "discussion draft" on the hallmarks of a comprehensive, integrate statewide civil legal assistance system prepared by the Project for the Future of Equal Justice as a model, the planners adopted as two overarching goals: (1) the need for the creation of a legal services delivery system that provides comprehensive, integrated high quality legal services to the client community and (2) "100% access to essential legal services for low-income Ohioans such that they are able to secure substantive and procedural equal justice."
When you fear a man approaching you may be a mugger, you may not be able to find out in the next five seconds whether he happens to be a University of Chicago intellectual headed for the New York Times editorial board.
Last year, we were able to award six $500 scholarships to students in our dental hygiene program.
We use 9/10of the data to train the BPNN or the GPNN, and we use the remaining 1/10of data to test the model and estimate the prediction error, whichis how well the NN model is able to predict disease status in that1/10 of the data.
Theorists also disagree over why, once life began, it was able to persist for so long and to proliferate into such an astonishing variety of species.
"After that, we were able to raise funds," he said. "
Your News Quiz challenge is to find a more shameless line of self-stroking whose author was able to wake up after its publication, see it in print, and not kill himself with pills.
They may not even be able to stay in business for much longer.
Citizens are not able to access these reports online, even though they are electronically stored.
Still others come out of no particular religious impulse, on holiday, making the ascent mainly to be able to say they’ve done it and leaving — almost in spite of themselves — with a profound sense of spiritual uplift.
"Not everyone in Calcutta, or India for that matter, is unanimous in praising the nun, whose organization was able to raise millions of dollars worldwide but made virtually no significant changes in the social structure of this collapsing city's poor neighborhoods.
Instead, Kaczynski will be able to use his prison cell as a bully pulpit, writing more screeds and receiving press attention.
Whereas the positive control (trypsin) was able to digest the substrate at specific sites in the gel, the supernatants of our treated fibroblasts did not.
The argument for freedom and autonomy holds that individuals should be able to choose when and how to end their lives.
But if Hurt has the kind of visage we normally associate with dissipation, few actors are able to combine such bleariness with such (oxymoronic) concentration.
NORAD itself was barely able to retain any alert bases.
Using this procedure for MRC5 cells we were able to detect a minor cap site 403 nucleotides upstream of the AUG.
Part of this can be explained by the fact that the p27 Kip15'-UTR is able to promote cap-independent translation.
"The irony, of course," is that many distinguished scientists who knew his work intimately "were not able to see beneath the surface."
The glow of that happy discovery can last for years, as Nathan Myrhvold explained and simultaneously demonstrated in a recent Slate "." These are folks lucky enough to be able to choose their careers and to have a good shot at success at whatever they choose.
The timing couldn't be better for this female population boom because in our country at last a military advisory committee has opened up a debate that will eventually pave the way for a world of the future in which every little girl will finally be able to pursue her cherished childhood dream--to one day live and work on a nuclear powered submarine.
Some wonder if this is a result of having a living subject--"Kaplan doesn't push, doesn't ask discomfiting questions" (Richard Dyer, the Boston Globe )--and note that Vidal "seems to have been able to exert his considerable charm, guile, and authority over his biographer" (Martin Rubin, the Washington Times ). Several also mention that Kaplan has been beaten to the punch by Vidal himself, who released his own memoir, Palimpsest , just three years ago.
Call the bacterium, paramecium, and us humans “autonomous agents,” able to act on our own behalf in an environment.
There they would be able to worship an ivory-and- gold-covered wooden statue of Athena said to be 12 m (39 ft) high which has long since been lost.
He seems relieved to be able to report that linguists had spent considerable time in studying the runestones without significant results or that they were quick to call something fraudulent.
Finally, the private bar and other nonprofit legal services providers are neither available, willing, nor able to take over the representation of these populations.
By reducing order-fulfillment lead times, lean retailers are able to reduce the level of safety stock required to deal effectively with a given level of demand variation.
But the Lojack research is in many ways more informative, because the authors were able to do a thorough job of distinguishing between benefits to the purchaser of a Lojack and benefits to the community at large.
If the SEC were able to establish its own annual budget and collect fees, the SEC would be better able to conduct its
Soon, thanks to the next great wave of deregulation due to arrive in neighborhoods across the nation, you will be able to haggle over your electricity rates.
Individual plaintiffs will no longer be able to sue states that violate federal laws; only the federal government may do so.
It was a simple matter to find words beginning with prefixes like anti-, pre-, pro-, un-, etc., but finding those that ended in -able, -graph, -ity, -ous , etc. was an entirely different matter.
They were able to correctly classify 29/34 patients for a diagnostic accuracy of 85%.
Children will easily be able to find something to buy with their few dollars pocket money, and, if your budget allows, you can spend thousands on a unique piece of art or sculpture.
Employees who are confused about the direction their agency is taking will not be able to effectively focus on results or make as full a contribution as they might otherwise.
Under the court's ruling, both Hitler and Pol Pot would have been able to live in Britain with impunity, it said.
The artist Andreas Schlüter provided the military sculpture, but was able to assert his pacifist views with poignant sculpted masks of dying warriors (1696) in the inner courtyard named after him, the Schlüterhof.
Both professed their whole-hearted support for SCOSE (as did the then General Manager, who attended one Christmas party), but neither has been able to deliver.
The wealthy or upper classes were able to build small chapels on their ranches, while the poorer classes built small nichos and altars in their homes, in kitchens or other rooms, for private prayer and devotion.
To start with an image of the tragic,what would have beenthis poem's end--if this morningI hadn't eaten a roll with jam I might havesaid, finally, the nightdid what night always does, it swallowedmy two friends, their arms slung around each other's waists,after I drove off chasing my highbeams.Outside their shingled walls & roof earlierand surrounded by pinewoodsthat evening my friends & I had been saying goodbyewhen one of them--the man--surprised by the baby-seat suddenly visiblein the back of the car (lit up by an interior lightas I opened the door)--he said, my friend said Jeez, they (meaning Michaela & our daughter Simone),they won't be able to go anywhere.Seeing I was as far as 150 miles from homewith the car, & my beinga potential traffic fatality,or worse (deadbeat dad, abandoner), he was right.I saw myself a moment as indispensable, happy to be needed, much likea canoe-paddling guide or gondola pilot.But my other friend--the woman--squinting at the baby-seatwith pity & amusement, she saidFor christ's sake, you might as well wear a chastity belt.And somehowthe mention of sex dragged death behind it--I meannow that I have settled(with responsibilities)my dates with this or that sexual tsunami should bea thing of the past,right?So there I was--caught between being one man or another, neither.Really, none of this is tragic.Can I be loved enough, that's my story.
In this assay, the hammerhead ribozyme was able to cleave about 50% of the M6P/IGF2R target within 2 hr of incubation, and by 12 hrs, more than 90% of the M6P/IGF2R target was converted to the expected products (Fig.
More than that, an entire cottage industry has sprung up around stock splits, since investors are now able to receive e-mails and beeper messages telling them that a given stock has split.
13 The Postal Service has the advantage of being able to deliver these advertisements to all addresses, while newspapers usually (but not always) deliver inserts just to their subscribers.
As new data become available, Apollo must be able to display them effectively.
Indeed, you probably can't become the manager of a really large hedge fund unless you have a slightly irrational faith in your own judgment; when success depends on being able to convince other people to let you take huge risks with their money, it is not the paranoid but the megalomaniac who survive.
The years from 1946 to 1949 saw the Dutch trying to reassert control; however, weakened as it was from years of Nazi occupation, the Netherlands was not able to muster the huge forces needed to recapture all the islands.
Several investigators have reported positive effects of maternal consumption of marine sport fish on gestation or the rate of fetal growth [ 1 3 19 ] , or conversely an increased risk of preterm delivery or low birth weight associated with a maternal diet low in marine fish [ 43 ] . We did not observe (nor were we able to refute) these relations, though we did observe a negative albeit small association between maternal sport fish consumption and birth size among post-term infants, which disappeared after controlling for other determinants of fetal growth as measured by birth size.
Strains that are susceptible to the antibiotic in vitro, such as A. vitis strain CG78, are able to infect the plant in the presence of F2/5 [ 3 ] , and Tn5 mutants of F2/5 lacking F2/5 antibiotic production appear to be unaffected in crown gall biological control [ 4 ] . Biological control by F2/5 is grape-specific, as F2/5 is not effective on non-grapevine host plants such as Nicotiana glauca.
We are able to offer these on a first come, first serve basis, until June 30, 1999.
Patients who are not able to be upright do not get light-headed or dizzy.
We were, however, able to obtain a structure of a mutant TEL-SAM polymer, V80E [ 7 ] . The V80E mutation is in the center of the polymer interface and reduces the affinity of subunit association enough that the protein is relatively soluble above pH 7.0, where the Glu side chain is deprotonated.
In attempts to minimize this problem, we sought an abbreviated interview for those cases and controls not able or willing to participate in the full interview.
In some instances, GAO has been able to follow fairly intensively the implementation of programs or activities.
Because of its time-zone advantage, the LAT was able to put its initial coverage of the Mother Teresa funeral in its Saturday edition.
The main upshot of the Cuba moves, say the NYT and WP , is that Cubans would be able to receive more money from American friends and family members, there'd be more direct flights between the two countries, and direct mail service would be reestablished.
The WP lead explains that the Army's new educational initiative is particularly well suited to Hispanics, who make up 40 percent of those potential recruits who show high military aptitude despite lacking a high-school diploma, and to deployed soldiers, who, it is thought, should be able to keep up with course work via Internet-aided "distance learning" far better than they could via traditional classroom-based coursework.
As of August 1999, only DOS and ANG have been able to maintain a relatively stable situation with regard to staff size.
To assign the chromosomal location, we performed FISH analyses, and we were able to unambiguously map the rat STSL locus to chromosome 6q12 (Fig.
In testing each of the filters I was able to pull up X-rated material without much effort.
The LAT reminds readers that in 1996, 1,500 Chechen fighters were able to seize back their capital from 12,000 Russian troops, and that this humiliating defeat is fueling Russia's current ferocity.
In 1983, he completed his seminal paper, but not until 1989, after 14 rewrites, was he able to publish it.
They usually produce inaparent infection or transient immune compromise in otherwise healthy hosts but are able to cause life-threatening primary or reactivated infections in individuals with congenital or acquired T-cell immunodeficiencies [ 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 ] . The spectrum of diseases caused by lymphotropic herpesviruses is well documented in patients undergoing bone marrow transplantation (BMT) [ 8 9 10 11 ] or organ transplantation [ 12 13 ] and in individuals infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) [ 14 15 ] . In patients undergoing conventional anticancer therapy without BMT, the data focusing on EBV, CMV or HHV-6 infection are scarcely documented and mostly reported as individual cases [ 16 17 18 19 ] . With combined diagnostic approach of serology and viral DNA detection we performed a prospective study of children undergoing non-BMT therapy for cancer to demostrate the incidence of LH infections.
People like Gloria, who was able to beat breast cancer thanks to the mammography early detection program at the Little Red Door Cancer Agency.
Like many biographers of our day, empowered by new research technologies, he is reluctant to discard any of what he has been able to harvest.
But knowing a lot of it and being able to nail a government for testing is better than "who cares."
The thinking was that a small, secret, specially trained cadre of soldiers would be able to respond more effectively to terrorist threats, particularly those involving hostages.
The outcome of this inhibition of CAR ligand binding would be somewhat different depending on whether or not the RXR agonist was able to activate the basal transactivation of CAR/RXR heterodimer bound to a particular element.
The hypothesis driving the present studies was premised on the observation that prl suppressor strains are able to correctly identify secretory proteins, even in the absence of a signal sequence.
fs-α 1S did not express L-type Ca 2+current even though it was consistently able to activate the Ca 2+transient in 15 of 15 cells.
The U.S. was also able to borrow from abroad to help finance domestic investment, as discussed further below.
In the most recent version of the American College of Surgeons monograph Optimal Care of the Injured Patient, which describes standards of care for verification of trauma centers, the requirement that trauma centers be able to perform blood alcohol testing was eliminated.
We were able to discern two major duplicons from this analysis: one segment derived from the CHRNA7 locus in 15q13.
It will be important to determine if direct inhibition of eIF4E is able to arrest the cell cycle in rapamycin resistant tumors.
The above experiments suggest that the DHBV RNAseH may not be able to act on exogenous substrates.
where you will see how struggling to be what I am, I become--otter, seal, dolphin--released from myself, though not absolved, not ever able to hide the fin or the fluke, my feet webbed and unwebbed."
VHA was able to identify the differences in surgical outcomes among the 43 VHA medical centers performing cardiac surgery.
Programmers do seem to find it easier to work in Java than in C++, and certainly the prospect of being able to download a spreadsheet document and read it without having to download the spreadsheet program is enticing.
But in a year, we should be able to say whether they're doing better or worse.
And Freedonian clothing manufacturers were able to undersell their U.S. competitors not because of low wages but because robots and computers made them highly efficient.
And he should be able to look up standard statistics without reading from the wrong column.
Given that IL-4 is able to inhibit the production of both IL-1 and TNF-α, block synovial cell proliferation and bone loss, and promote the formation of Th2 lymphocytes, it represents an attractive cytokine for treating arthritis by gene transfer.
Indeed, the Affymetrix GeneChip ®array was able to detect this very low transcript level in the absence of eukaryotic background.
If it had done so, we believe such an analysis would soon have spotlighted a critical constraint for the terrorists-finding a suicide operative able to fly large jet aircraft.
The fact that the mode of ERβ interaction with N-CoR resembles that of NRs with coactivators [ 4 ] , or with corepressors that modulate the activity of liganded NR complexes, such as RIP140 [ 10 ] , raises the possibility that ERβ may be able to recruit N-CoR and SMRT to estrogen-regulated promoters in response to agonists and that the balance of overall ERβ activity in the presence of estrogens may be regulated by competition between p160s and corepressors for the same ERβ AF-2 surface.
Clearly, it is important for GAO to continue to attract bright, able staff, which is increasingly difficult given the excellent economy and private sector competition.
How, for example, can Japan be stuck in a seemingly intractable slump--one that it does not seem able to get out of simply by printing coupons?
LSC has been able to provide some financial support for these activities, but because of our limited discretionary spending, our capacity to contribute is limited.
From our knowledge of human physiology, disease, and pharmacology we might be able to infer whether a particular drug would be effective in treating a given condition.
"At some point I would very much like to be able to have a national talk radio show and a national television show and a national column to be able to bring my views to those Americans who would care to hear them.
If Chinese leaders are freed from the burden of domestic pandering, they should be able to calmly find their zones of common interest with the West and cut the appropriate deals.
Although he now enjoys "a formidable amount of individual political authority," it is unlikely that he will "be able to retain such power on a permanent basis," the paper said in an editorial.
Secondly, we are not able to judge, on accent alone, the features of `educatedness' which might be apparent to native American listeners, so we give the speaker the benefit of the doubt.
From that review and testing, you will be able to make a more informed determination about whether the data are sufficiently reliable to use for the purposes of the engagement.
As pointed out by one reviewer, sample pooling is able to reflect group-specific variance, but assumes that residual individual variance is not influenced by the group variable.
Iron is one of the essential nutrients required by the bacteria to be able to multiply and invade a vertebrate host.
This is a big country, and surely we can find men and women in it who are as capable of being president as Mr. Clinton is and who are also able to commit themselves to good behavior.
They won't be able to become thin again by leaving the country either: the new rules are more in line with those wielded elsewhere.
Make your way back to the coastal road via Eleftherná, site of an ancient Doric site that has contributed artifacts to the archaeological collection at Réthymnon, and Margarítes, a potter’s village where you will be able to watch the artisans in action and buy some pretty souvenirs.
I will only be able to discuss these issues more fully after we have encountered autonomous agents and their unfolding mysteries.
It was recently demonstrated that elements within a 217 nucleotide sequence from the 5'-UTR of the mouse p27 Kip1mRNA is able to mediate cap-independent translation of a reporter gene in NIH3T3 and D6P2T cells [ 28 ] . There is a high level of sequence homology between the mouse and human 5'-UTRs and the major transcriptional start site is also conserved [ 29 ] . Therefore it is likely the 5'-UTR of the human p27 Kip1message is also able to mediate cap-independent translation initiation.
Chatterbox predicts Kerrey, who knows he shouldn't but who won't be able to resist...
At the very least it is by no means clear that Indonesia will soon be able to rid itself of its unaccountable generals, rapacious investors, massive foreign debts, or the political impoverishment that could well be Suharto's most lasting legacy.
It's a surprise, then, to find that The Capeman 's lyrics are more direct, less allusive--that, after years of writing more and more about himself, Simon has been able to write in the voice of characters far less articulate.
For example, EPA was only able to monetize three of the seven air pollutants affected by the rule.
Since urea production is performed on a worldwide basis, plants producing urea would be able to expand their capacity if needed.
Assuming potential competitors are able to achieve the necessary level of efficiency, it then asks how much volume might they be able to capture and in which markets?
These organizations have generally struggled with identifying and adopting measures to assess the value of IT, but have been able to put some measures in place to help demonstrate performance.
Clinton, he predicts, will never be able to lay his hands on Bin Laden's fortune--which he estimates at nearly $1 billion--because it is held in secret by various financial and commercial agencies in Europe and the Arab world and managed by surrogates who don't even know who Bin Laden is.
We therefore wanted to determine if aspirin is able to reduce the number and size of adenomas in Min /+ mice with established polyposis.
(This, of course, makes me wonder why I wasn't able to see then what I see now, and what Anuff saw then.)
Early in this century Funk & Wagnalls published dictionaries that contained a large number of Scotticisms, either out of habit or affection for the genre or because their lexicographers felt that every student who read Burns had to be able to find in the dictionary every word he used.
Silent <e> in English occurs in many affixes of Latin and French origin such as, for instance, -able, -age, -ance, -ate and -ative, and is therefore statistically associated with words originating from these languages.
(Note that there is a 95 percent chance that demand will be less than seventeen units next week—thus, if our buyer decides to stock seventeen units at the beginning of the week, the store should be able to offer a 95 percent order fulfillment rate on this SKU.)
If the net inflow of foreign investment were to diminish, the United States would no longer be able to invest so much more in the domestic capital stock than it saves.
On a first visit, you’ll probably be able to get a feel for just a few of the regions we describe, but you can capture the essence of Canada in a judicious combination of two or three major cities and the marvelous outdoor life.
Power calculations revealed that, relative to the seronegatives, the study was able to detect a 10 percent decrease in the parameters measured with power (1 - beta) of 0.65 to 0.85 for HTLV-I and 0.82 to 0.96 for HTLV-II.
This suggests that the cell probably does have a small number of fundamental transitions, although many different groups of transitions (as represented by experiment vectors) appear nearly equivalently able to span the transcriptional range of cellular behavior.
Poor communism was inefficient enough that its people were able to accomplish some things despite it, but efficient enough that they couldn't have cable TV.
The time each animal was able to maintain its balance walking on top of the rod was measured.
Although we were able to manipulate the HVAC system in Building 2, it appears that we were never able to alter the CO 2 concentrations in the building.
Perhaps you were one of the many students who were able to spend some time on a research project with Dr. Phillips or one of the other members of the Department of Dental Materials.
Depending on the prevalent mood of the caretaker, you may be able to view the interior — eerily preserved in a museum-type manner — by forking over US$5.
In this way, we were able to efficiently amplify just 2.5 ng from the Alu I digest with a yield of 10.
Because of the inter-species conservation of protein-coding sequences we were able to predict the presumptive DNA sequence encoding amino- and carboxyl-termini of various TMC proteins by comparing human and murine genomic TMC sequence.
If the system functions properly, we should be able to detect the tagged loci as bright spots above the GFP background signals in nuclei of the lines EL702C and E, and should not detect any spot in line EL700S because of the absence of LacOs . Bright spots were clearly observed above the diffused GFP fluorescence in nuclei observed 24 h after induction in lines EL702C and E, whereas significant fluorescence spots above the diffuse background signals were not observed in EL700S (Figure 4, rows B).
We focused on sequences that appeared to have no orthologs (<5% bootstrap), since these would be cases where a RIO analysis might be most able to correct overly specific annotations that might be transferred based solely on sequence similarity (as illustrated in Figure 1).
Not even CNN's Christiane Amanpour sobbing on air (she once roomed with him) was able to shake the nation's uncharacteristic stoicism."
We were able to find at least five relevant records in the Medline database containing abstracts for 44 out of the 70 genes listed.
Constitution, which "showed it is robust enough to survive even the madness of 1990s puritanism"; and the American people, who held their nerve throughout and "were able to distinguish between the President and the man, accepting one even as they acknowledged the flaws in the other."
As the lac repressor variant that we used binds to the operator sites as dimers, we should be able to inhibit its binding to the LacOs of the tagged loci by adding IPTG [ 27].
In the first place, Citigroup will now be the "largest financial institution in the world," which will make it able to acquire other companies and make expensive investments.
In addition, these central groups were able to achieve some efficiencies and increase consistency in the implementation of the organization's security program by performing tasks centrally that might otherwise be performed by multiple individual business units.
It is through support from individuals like yourself, that we are able to care for thousands of individuals each year who may not otherwise have been able to afford proper home health care or even basic services.
In a matter of a few minutes, one can use information from a single sequencing reaction to identify a gene that was sequenced by another laboratory, and one maybe able to deduce the function of the isolated clone.
This indicates that the motion palpatory tests (intersegmental, lateral flexion and posterior-anterior springing) are not able to identify areas of fixation or motion restriction.
The anti-Id mAb was also able to precipitate a 52,500 Da molecule in the NG 108-15 cells.
The auditor should be able to understand the system requirements, development methodologies, and test tools being used.
The most telling point of analysis in the piece comes from a Republican adviser, who says that since Clinton won't be able to get anything done anyway, he might as well concentrate on electing Gore and a Democratic House of Representatives next year.
With the funds raised he was able to hire two well-qualified lawyers.
A right turn at the junction leads along the valley floor past the modern artisan villages of Sheik Abd el-Gurnah, where you will be able to buy alabaster and onyx pieces.
Similarly, Greenspan is able to change interest rates freely (the Fed can double the money supply in a day, if it wants to), and so the level of employment is normally determined by how high he thinks it can safely go--end of story.
Moderate Republicans and conservative libertarians were able to find points of agreement with more authoritarian conservatives on issues like cutting taxes, curtailing welfare, and balancing the budget.
They want to be able to deny any of this happened."
Here you will find the Tourist Information office, whose helpful staff will be able to supply you with information about the day’s activities.
He then explained that he too had discovered the formula for the two-word adverb clause and that, moreover, he had been able to replace all nouns, adjectives, and adverbs with phrases and clauses.
It will be interesting to see if any new proverbs will be invented in Shetland concerning North Sea oil and the welcome novelty of its young people now able to make a living at home.
A college that can distinguish itself from the pack by maintaining high standards should be able to reap substantial rewards in the marketplace, because its degrees are worth more.
By using a retrospective-prospective design in the second part of the study we were able to obtain the longitudinal data required to answer the questions addressed.
The market does not dictate a universal solution to these questions, and so Levi's and Guess are able to answer them in very different ways.
(It would have been even cheaper had Gore been able to use the video camera already in his personal possession, but campaign finance rules made that too difficult.)
In our studies, the M. smegmatis σ Eprotein has 92% homology with the M. tuberculosis σ Eprotein [ 17 ] . While this suggests that the M. tuberculosis σ Eprotein should be able to interact properly with the M. smegmatis RNA polymerase, it also suggests that the M. smegmatis σ Ehomolog might be able to recognize M. tuberculosis σ E-dependent promoters.
(Some years ago, there was a brief article in the newspaper about a woman from Texas who had adopted a Mexican infant, and was studying Spanish, so that she would be able to speak to the child when it grew up.
The lengths of fosmids sequenced for the eight candidate regions are shown in Table 1. Though we were able to obtain species-specific STSs for the D. willistoni twi gene, we were not able to obtain clones for this region from the D. willistoni fosmid library.
The first black major-leaguer had to be exceptional, because a merely good player wouldn't have been able to convince people of what they didn't want to be convinced of, namely, that black players could play.
That means that we will lose money to supply one attorney, but we should be able to continue to manage.
Moreover, we were able to establish the ideal matched control for each clonal mutant cell strain, a clonal cell strain with the wild-type MECP2 allele on the active X chromosome from the same individual.
There is a high degree of amino acid similarity among folate transporters and the thiamine transporter of the plasma membrane [ 7 8 9 10 ] . Recently, it was found that in murine cells there can be a substantial efflux of ThDP mediated by the reduced folate carrier protein [ 22 ] . GlyB cells are a Chinese hamster ovary cell line derivative that are deficient in the transport of folates into mitochondria, and the responsible mitochondrial transporter has recently been identified and its gene cloned [ 23 ] . We wondered if the mitochondrial folate transporter was responsible for uptake of ThDP into mitochondria, making analogies to the ability of the plasma membrane folate transporter being able to transport ThDP.
Brown herself said that during her last six months at The New Yorker she had "begun to miss the theatricality of photography, to be able to use pictures in ways that were really free and uninhibited" and that she "wanted to create a new form for a magazine without the institutional history of any publication before me, or on my mind."
With 862 markers, we were able to define approximately 60% of all likely SDPs among the 13 CXB strains.
You’ll be able to see diamond polishers at work before you buy.
In 1998, the DCI was able to persuade the administration and the Congress to endorse a long-range rebuilding program.
leaders able to evaluate, approve, and supervise the planning and direction of the operation;
Windmills are found everywhere, on tea-towels, T-shirts, or fridge magnets so that when you go the fridge to take out a slice of Dutch cheese (Edam or Gouda) you’ll be able to think back wistfully to your trip.
We were able to exclude such signal pathway association, since in our cytoskeletal preparations, no TGFβ 1 -receptors were detectable, indicating that mature TGFβ 1 is a ligand for α V β 6 .
For example, an inverted repeat allele of the tryptophan biosynthetic gene PAI resident in the WS ecotype of Arabidopsis silences homologous PAI alleles, as well as unlinked PAI genes, from the Columbia ecotype [ 2 ] . Likewise, complex synthetic transgenes composed of PAI inverted repeats were able to trans-methylate homologous, yet non-allelic, target loci [ 12 ] . Similar events have been observed in other species [e.g.
However, the BG-1 control clone (NEO) was unable to form colonies (fewer than one colony per 10 4cells plated) in agar without the addition of estrogen, whereas the BG-1 antisense BRCA1 clone was able to form soft agar colonies in estrogen depleted conditions (10 ± 2.9 colonies per 10 4cells plated).
In the face of continual dilution, the constitutive production of the IL-1Ra gene product was able to maintain effective protein levels and was able to sustain and increase protection of the HSFs from IL-1 stimulation as time progressed.
He wrote: "In the 1960s, after all, just a few dozen national reporters could define what is news, and they were able to decide that JFK's sexual adventures (an open secret) did not qualify.
In another editorial, El Mundo of Madrid said much the same thing, welcoming the arrival of "a supranational judicial structure that will be able from now on to knock down the protective barriers that tyrants throughout the world have erected around themselves."
This is what Amazon has been able to do in books and what it wants to do in its other businesses.
Most praise her for being able to hold her own, as opposed to noticing any genuine musical ability, and note that the album is far more pop-oriented than the drum 'n' bass and jungle she spins live.
We found that an nrg1Δ mutant was able to grow on YP sucrose plus 2-DG, suggesting that nrg1Δ mutants are indeed defective for glucose repression.
"People who aren't much fun to work with will be able to become more independent," is how she phrases it.
Clozapine, and also olanzapine [ 11 13 ] were able to decrease the contraction amplitude after electrical stimulation of the pelvic nerve.
If a chromosome carries multiple replication forks as usual at 37°C in rich media, more than one double-strand break may be necessary to form a non-circular, branched species, which should be able to move through the gel.
Writers plainly value being able to use words in ways that not only fail to reflect their dictionary meaning but seem flatly to reject it.
He is able to see that scholars have been covering up the crimes of the artist to protect him from justice.
With persistent effort some bariatric patients have been able to achieve and maintain a reduced level of body fat.
But the NYT quotes her saying "I will not be able to say that the path to agreement is clear or that success is in sight" before having to leave to report back to President Clinton.
We were able to detect myocilin in rabbit aqueous humor (Fig.
The comparisons with randomly selected genes in GenBank using RNP shows that LTGs do not have the expected characteristics of genes adapted to previous genome contexts, even if only A+T-rich sequences are able to enter the cell.
The man"s experience had left him bitter about the legal system, since he wasn"t able to retain a lawyer.
The bay is also home of the famous Sea World marine park, where you’ll be able to watch performing two-ton killer whales.
By l973 she knew so much, that in three hours working with an undergraduate, she was able to decipher Mayan inscriptions that had baffled scholars for decades.
But this industry landscape also left the field open for the emergence of a new kind of retail competitor, one able to harness information as a central component of its competitive strategy.
While the demon is not defined as I have done, you will soon see that he seems to be able to make decisions and to act on the physical world.
On August 27, Under Secretary of Defense for Policy Walter Slocombe advised Secretary Cohen that the availRESPONSES TO AL QAEDA'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 121 able targets were not promising.
Finally, and worst of all, Douglas prides herself for being able to "believe ...
Might we not yet be able, by a united effort on the part of all lovers of the English language, to save the world may ?
In turn, GAO expects the agency to designate a point of contact who is knowledgeable about the agency's relevant programs and organization and is able to facilitate GAO's ability to complete its work in a timely manner.
Second, we were not able to determine whether the fracture occurred before or after debonding had occurred because of the speed of the dislodgement/fracturing process.
To find out that it meant `able to cure flatulence' was the death of youth and innoncence.
You’ll be able to buy everything from fruit and vegetables to textiles.
Moskovskaya Pravda said the coup means that NATO would not, after all, be able to impose its authority on the Russian forces in Kosovo, but the paper criticized the Kremlin for not going further.
For instance, respondents noted that they are frequently able to reverse an insurer's initial decision to deny a course of treatment, and they admit that the rise of managed care has probably led to an upswing in preventive medicine.
First, PTEN's protein phosphatase activity is able to down-regulate focal adhesion kinase (FAK) phosphorylation, which leads to the inactivation of the Ras/MAP kinase pathway [ 19 20 21 ] . Second, its lipid phosphatase activity targets the second messenger phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5-trisphosphate [PtdIns(3,4,5)P 3 ] and thereby blocks activation of the protein kinase B (PKB/Akt) pathway [ 11 18 22 23 24 ] . Whereas both of the above pathways are intimately involved in the control of cell growth and survival, PTEN-regulated FAK activity further appears to impinge on cell adhesion, cell migration, and cell invasion [ 20 21 ] . It therefore emerges that the loss of PTEN activity may confer increased survival ability, proliferative potential, and invasive capacity on cells, and thereby may promote progression towards a more malignant phenotype.
Cutest nuance noted: The "Delay Delay"--the amount of time it takes for Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert to figure out whether he finds something President Clinton says should be applauded or not, so-called because apparently the key step in the speaker's process is being able to see what the House Whip thinks.
From this we were able to conclude that F3 hprt null ES cells are indeed competent to transmit alleles through the germline and that the resulting offspring were fertile and viable as reported previously [ 12 ] .
Some minority candidates have declined our invitation to enroll at IU because other schools have been able to offer scholarships, stipends, or other means of financial assistance.
The vogue for vertical integration--in which a network produces and distributes its own shows--does reflect an important new reality, which is that since 1995 networks have been able to have a financial interest in their own programming.
The 2000 U.S. census reports that more than 43 million Americans qualify for free federally funded legal assistance, yet fewer than 20 percent of eligible clients (annual income: $11,075 or less) are able to obtain legal help when they need it, according to the American Bar Association.
Someone in Natalia that may not otherwise have access to an attorney for counsel or advice will be able to have that."
If Buchanan and Lugar can't agree on which kind of threat China poses, they won't be able to agree which kind of anti-missile system the GOP should stand for.
The combination therapy was able to completely abolish all macroscopically visible tumours in 47% of the animals treated [ 47 ] . This could prove to be very advantageous since it may allow for lower doses of NSAIDs to be used, thereby limiting the adverse effects associated with long term NSAID use.
But is the Internet so miraculous an advertising vehicle that Gross will be able to siphon off $400 per person from total ad spending of $1,000 per family--or persuade advertisers to spend an additional $400 to reach each of his customers?
Nobody on this planet will be able to approach the Star Wars prequel, The Phantom Menace , with a sense of discovery.
Bombings like those in Bali in 2003 or Madrid in 2004, while able to take hundreds of lives, can be mounted locally.
When Henry Cisneros, the secretary of Housing and Urban Development, came to my magazine the other day for an editorial lunch, I was able to prep up quickly at his Web site.
Low-income workers will be able to complete the Schedule EIC and related tax forms, and file them electronically.
Six of their mutants were fully able to support cell division, and were listed as wild type in phenotype.
A right-wing "advocacy tank" like Heritage is able to raise much more than its liberal counterparts for the same reason that Republican candidates out-raise Democratic ones.
To see the main attractions of St. Thomas it’s best to head directly north up into the hills; you’ll be able to enjoy the beautiful views back towards Charlotte Amalie along the way.
Does the modern reader really lack the great “erudition” necessary to be able to understand a few old English words and forms--What about “My country 'tis of thee”?
Mothers with more than five years of education were more often able to mention at least one advantage of breastfeeding (p = 0.0009; AOR = 6.91; 95% CI AOR = 2.21-21.
The pain models, third molar dental extraction and orthopaedic surgery, are commonly used in research and choice of model does not appear to influence results in single-dose analgesic studies when patients are able to take oral medication [ 13 ] . Comparison of rofecoxib 50 mg with other analgesics over six hours is legitimate, because the same outcome was measured in the same way in the same patients over the same period of time, and with same comparator.
If it’s clear, you’ll be able to see Menorca.
These results suggested that TGF-β1 is indeed anti-inflammatory in arthritic knees, but is able to induce production of nitric oxide through an unknown mechanism.
With this method we were able to estimate the accuracy of developing a well-defined classification method.
Now that more than 97% of the gaps in the euchromatic sequence have been filled, we are able to examine the sequences that were missing in both the declared and undeclared gaps.
In the presence of estrogen, both NEO and AS-4 were able to form colonies; however, there was a significant difference ( P <0.
The good Dr. Spooner, a kind man with white hair and cherubic face, served New College for a half century as distinguished scholar and able administrator.
That is a profound thing to be able to say.
Most of all, the program should stress that a man's evolved sexual desires offer him no excuse whatsoever for raping a woman, and that if he understands and resists those desires, he may be able to prevent their manifestation in sexually coercive behavior.
Management should ensure that skill needs are continually assessed and that the organization is able to obtain a workforce that has the required skills that match those necessary to achieve organizational goals.
If Ron Brown had been the only administration official willing and able to sell out to the Vietnamese, he could have extracted a price commensurate with the multimillion-dollar value of his product.
Buchanan, whose campaign Web site sports an "America First" logo, echoes Lindbergh when he decries "the growing domination of U.S. foreign policy by ethnic groups and media elites able to focus public attention and incite public hysteria."
This claim always puzzles me: Here we are in the information age, able to process gigabytes of data with a single mouse click--but we imagine that people can't multiply and divide?
The script, by Harold Ramis (also the able director), Peter Tolan, and the brilliant playwright Kenneth Lonergan ( This Is Our Youth ), must have been a tag-team effort.
These are data even an econometrician should be able to understand.
In all our experiments we compared domoic acid's effect with that of 10 ng/ml LPS, a potent and rapid microglia activator [ 7 ] , to clearly show that rat neonatal microglia were able to become rapidly activated and release mediators, i.e.
Although we cannot completely account for the disparity of the results, one key difference in methodology between the studies is that their group was not able to normalize concentrations for modified and unmodified ATP targets because of dramatic differences in cRNA yield.
We have not been able to corroborate some of the more sensational threat reporting, such as that from a [-] service in 1998 saying that Bin Ladin wanted to hijack a US aircraft to gain the release of "Blind Shaykh" 'Umar 'Abd al-Rahman and other US-held extremists.
Such a message is particularly dismaying when one is able to fill in only one or two words after an hour.
As for editorial, it's possible that the Condé Nast mentality--whatever that is--will come to rule the Fairchild magazines, but if a year from now you're able to tell the difference between the pre- and post-Condé Nast W's, God bless you.
What if the bourgeoisie, whom the bohemians are supposed to épater , seems un- épater -able?
Because of these disruptions, decision makers are not able to focus on a balanced investment strategy.
"Unlike Salinger, people have been able to access Pynchon, and his evolution as a writer," explains Ron Rosenbaum, who has followed both writers' careers closely.
There are two goals: 1) to be able to specify new and/or extended character sets (and mark-ups and other extensions to plain text) and 2) to use "plain text" (in mail) as a transport medium.
Every human has genotypic differences from the standard genome approximately every thousand base pairs [ 7 8 9 ] . Given knowledge of how a genotype differs from the standard, it is important to be able to predict which of the variations are likely to be the cause of disease or other phenotypic differences.
A witch cannot sense the presence of a Juan, so he may be able to trap her by drawing a circle on the ground and throwing his shirt, turned inside out, into the circle.
(Which, given that Clinton had agreed to appear for only four hours, also meant he was able to avoid some lines of questioning altogether by "eating the clock."
However, at variance with hPOP2, hCAF1 is not able to interact with hNOT1 (nor with hNOT3) [ 19 ] . This suggests that human cells may contain at least two complexes involving a CCR4/POP2 association, a CCR4-NOT-POP2 complex analogous to the CCR4-NOT yeast complex, and a still unknown CCR4-CAF1 containing complex.
(If the camera had worked properly, you would be able to recognise VERBATIM on the table beside my pint.)
The larger CDC study, which will pool data from all seven EIP sites around the country, may be able to better address the issue of drinking water-related risk factors because of the resulting larger sample size.
If e-books become a real alternative to p-books, publishers stand to gain by eliminating most of their fixed costs and by being able to keep everything in print forever.
This aircraft is designed with advanced features to allow it to be less detectable to adversaries, capable of high speeds for long ranges, and able to provide the pilot with improved awareness of the surrounding situation through the use of integrated avionics.
"The best program directors in America are the ones that are able to adjust to the reality of the time," Kleiman said.
In contrast, the present results demonstrate that IL-4, resulting from local periarticular and systemic injection of Ad-mIL-4, was able partially to reverse progression of established and early-stage disease, respectively.
Without the support of federal finance organizations, program managers may not be able to determine or defend the cost associated with or benefits derived from government activities.
We were thus able to rigorously assess the quality of Release 2, as well as the sequences generated by each of the three WGS assemblies, by simply comparing these sequences to the Release 3 euchromatic sequence and assuming that all the differences were the result of errors or omissions in the other sequence.
If the state (or Libby's defense lawyer) grossly mismanaged the first case in a way that resulted in her wrongful conviction, she might be able to sue for damages.
Most recently it has been chaired by a senior officer, alternately the Head of Radio (who has rarely been able to attend meetings), and the Head of TV (who attended one meeting out of eleven).
The papers report that Serbian police later forcibly removed the bodies, to conduct their own autopsies, which means in all likelihood that international authorities will never be able to confirm what actually happened.
By analyzing the location of TM regions in protein domains of each Pfam family, we were able to identify families that contain polytopic membrane protein domains.
For GAO-and for most of the federal government-to compete with the private sector, we must be able to have a more flexible compensation system that can bring people into government employment at attractive pay levels.
For HCC, CGMA was able to predict nearly all chromosomal aberrations identified previously by CGH.
Soon you won't be able to move for head-scarfed women clutching wide-eyed babies and holding out their hands in your direction.
Because anyone writing a review of any book ought to be required to delineate the reasons for his approval or disapproval of its style and content, so any editor worth his salt should be able to detect in a properly written, professional review of a dictionary by a lexicographer any untoward bias and to reject such a review (or parts of it) out of hand.
VERBATIM readers may be able to contribute further suggestions and comments.
we were able to help her through our pro bono program.
SAHA was able to increase histone H3 and H4 protein and acetylation levels, and caused a profound decrease in the protein levels of key molecules, PCNA and E2F-1, essential for DNA synthesis.
One draw for visiting gadget freaks is being able to buy the very latest equipment several months ahead of its sales launch abroad.
Such equipment procurement may proceed in parallel with construction phase activities, so that the owner ultimately is able to furnish longleadtime equipment to the construction contractor in a timely manner, thus avoiding construction delays attributable to late equipment delivery.
Baugh and colleagues were able to improve yields when amplifying mRNA by decreasing the concentration of T7 primer [ 16 ] . When we limited the mass of T7 primer adapter to approximately five times that of the starting material with a lower limit of 50 ng (by decreasing the second strand synthesis reaction volume), this low molecular weight species disappeared, without decreasing overall yields (data not shown).
No other reporter working on the story has been able to track down these sources.
Returning home, a little tired but pleased that I had been able to do the walk, I lay down and turned on the radio, which just happened to be playing Mozart's Flute and Harp Concerto . I was elated, and knew that there were a few people whom I could tell of this feeling with confidence that they would understand and share my joy.
For those who persist in arguing that our politicians need salary increases, please note that according to the indictment, somehow Cisneros was able to scrape together a quarter of a million dollars for his girlfriend.
The Commission was not able to obtain any data on developing countries.
For this event, when you purchase a corporate picnic table, you will be able to bring 16 people.
Not only will you be able to see figures of your favorite music and film stars here, along with a whole panorama which recreates Amsterdam’s Golden Age, but also the windows on the upper floors give excellent views over the square.
But you'll never be able to summarize them all--and, more importantly, whatever reasons you find today aren't going to help you understand what the market will do tomorrow.
We have started in the center of the city, where you will be able to take your bearings, obtain whatever information you need from the VVV Tourist information office, and take a canal boat tour.
If the Burkittsville folk truly think the police will be able to protect them at a time like this, then they haven't seen nearly enough horror films.
The answer is that the premise must be wrong: When productivity in emerging economies rises, so must wages--that is, the supposed situation in which these countries are able to "produce sophisticated goods and services at rock-bottom prices" never materializes.
So our policy needs firewalls : The American business community shouldn't be able to force the United States to cave on human rights just to improve economic ties.
Until now, the legal services system has been able to support only an estimated 20 percent of those who need our help.
These structures have considerable potential for functional versatility, because they are able either to accommodate small molecules within cavities formed by the curved β-sheets or to interact with various larger molecules, especially nucleic acids or proteins, via the external surfaces of the sheets.
It's also possible that subjects with less severe pain were able to improve quicker.
Researchers found that three of 16 paraplegic women were able to achieve orgasm, evidently by receiving the peptide through the vagus nerve (which connects the brain directly to the cervix) rather than the spine.
He described it has having great advantages for a country the size of China, but said he hoped that this generation would be able to protect its grandchildren from things on the Internet that "are not good."
Anyone with half an eye will be able to find as enclosure, whether it is in or with the covering letter; but it is my belief that, while adequate English can be readily understood, good English precludes, if possible, any misunderstanding.
Clinton undertook the actions towards Paula Jones in the Excelsior Hotel room that Jones alleges, that would not constitute "hostile environment sexual harassment" because Jones went to the room voluntarily, the episode only lasted at most 20 minutes, there was no violence or explicit threats and she was able to leave when she decided to.
Weld should have been able to play the victim, since Helms arguably started the fight by announcing in June that he would deny Weld a hearing.
Bradley was so clearly nailed on this failing-to-pander charge that Gore was able to resist his usual urge to flog a dead horse, and didn't bring it up a third time.
In the first stage of analysis, we posed the following question:Is GPNN able to model gene-gene interactions as well or better thana traditional BPNN?
In Sabah, you may even be able to buy a buffalo, though shipping is not included in the purchase price.
In every case where I was able to establish a parent-child relationship, minors gave to exactly the same campaigns as their parents, almost always on the same day.
Thus the full-length human p27 Kip15'-UTR is able to mediate cap-independent translation in a manner similar to that previously shown for the 217 nucleotide sequence of the mouse 5'-UTR [ 28 ] .
While the first complete 16S rRNA sequence was determined for E. coli in 1978 [ 14 ] , the first covariation-based structure models were not predicted until more 16S rRNA sequences were determined [ 15 16 17 ] . The first 23S rRNA sequence was determined for E. coli in 1980 [ 18 ] ; the first covariation-based structure models were predicted the following year, once a few more complete 23S rRNA sequences were determined [ 19 20 21 ] . Both of these comparative structure models were improved as the number of sequences with different patterns of variation increased and the covariation algorithms were able to resolve different types and extents of covariation (see below).
However, we were not able to identify any bifurcated GABA immunoreactive fibers, as one would expect in the case of Y-cells.
Because of skewed X inactivation in the available LCLs, however, we were only able to obtain one matched pair of mutant versus wild-type expressing clones (for 1159del28).
Whether that's now or after his term is over I suppose could be up for discussion, although it's hard for me to believe that any rational person could believe that in the current atmosphere Clinton will be able to be an effective president (regardless of who is to blame).
First, the mailer may be able to do in one step what the postal service does in two or more steps.
Most will serve snacks during the day, and you may even be able to order a full lunch or evening meal for a bargain price.
In contrast, periarticular injection of Ad-mIL-4 was able to reverse pathology in established disease not only in the treated hind paws, but also in the untreated front paws.
"My family was able to help me with school," said Mr. Rothenberg, a graduate of NYU Law. "
A closer study of the English-Welsh section soon brought to light the fact that not only did Dr. Richards know a large number of English words which do not appear in recognized dictionaries I consulted but that, clever man that he was, he was able to translate them into Welsh.
Being able to provide lavishly for a large number of children shows that you've really got it made.
The selection was successfully employed to identify a mutant T7 RNA polymerase 'specialist' which could recognize and transcribe a T3-like promoter, a polymerase 'generalist' which was able to recognize a variety of T7 promoters, and a novel RNA polymerase with an apparently new promoter specificity.
Under the headline "Clinton Presidency Holed by Starr," the conservative British tabloid Daily Mail said in its main editorial Thursday that "even if the Clinton presidency is able to run its course, it already resembles a drifting hulk, gutted by the tawdry activities of its skipper, bereft of the moral authority and energising spirit that should emanate from his great office."
He says they shouldn't make jokes because the next day, when a man will actually die, they might remember the joke and not be able to stop from cracking up.
Medical costs, at least at the health-care providers with whom Aetna deals, have been rising, but since Aetna wasn't paying its bills, it wasn't able to figure that out until recently.
"The irony of these funding cuts is that while there may be fewer poor people in Michigan today, the demand for service will not change because the poverty population remains so large and the legal aid funding so little that local providers will never able to serve all who need our service," said Weir. "
But in the world we live in--or at least in the neighborhood I live in--there are so many interchangeable dry cleaners that none of them should be able to get away with exploiting anyone.
The largest city in northern Chubu, Kanazawa has been able to preserve its older charms from the assaults of the Tokugawa shoguns and the bombs of World War II by pursuing a peaceful career of arts, crafts, and scholarship.
And the paper reports that an American aircraft carrier canceled a port call so as to be able to stay within striking range of Iraq.
This shortsightedness caused his chief ally, Warwick, to defect to Lancaster, and they were able to oust Edward from the throne for a time.
He can pee gasoline, walk through fire, induce visions, and even resurrect the dead, but when it comes to the simple task of locating Christine--which everyone else seems to be able to do with relative ease--he's so helpless he has to break into Jericho's apartment and badger him for her whereabouts.
That he was a theologian there can be little doubt, and anyone would have been able with the help of his dictionary to plough through a sermon on predestination or a debate on the difference between transubstantiation and consubstantiation.
For health reasons, it is best to avoid swimming in rivers, ponds, lakes, and reservoirs — your body is unlikely to be able to deal with some of the other things swimming around with you.
In a primitive economy there is no way to avoid this tradeoff--if you want to be able to leave for the desert on short notice, you settle for matzo instead of bread, and if you want ready cash, you keep gold coins under the mattress.
I know, to some extent, my own support for (and admiration of) gay couples, fidelity, marriage etc. is probably, at some deep level of my subconscious, related to the fact that I have never been able to keep a steady boyfriend.
Pragmatically, adult patients were often uncertain about the precise age symptoms began, though often able to identify a time in early childhood when symptoms were already occurring, e.g., "in the 2nd or 3rd grade", making it impossible to be certain if symptoms were present before age 7. For middle-aged adults, third party confirmation of early events was seldom available, leaving the patient's recall as the only data source.
Similarly, Berger recalled that to go to war, a president needs to be able to say that his senior intelligence and law enforcement officers have concluded who is responsible.
It is not necessary to be able to see the target.
As more moderate sugar concentrations slow 20:1 mobilization (Figure 1), it was of interest to determine whether seedlings arrested by growth on high-sugar media are able to mobilize any of their seed storage lipid.
One question about all this: Was it fair for the Post to give Hitchens the room to defend himself when the legal constraints Blumenthal is under no doubt kept him from being able to write a column of his own about the matter?
Consequently, we were not able to precisely distinguish between the contributions of assay reliability and the contributions of each analyte's natural variability to our estimates of temporal reliability.
It might be nice for NBC to be able to produce and own its own shows (as it already does with Dateline and the Tonight Show ).
According to the NYT , it looks as if Trent Lott was able to take enough of a break from sabotaging campaign reform to try sabotaging the new Iraq deal.
The Italians taught France everything about daring sartorial elegance--to say nothing of daring stagecraft, cuisine, and architecture--until Louis XIV was able to turn around and impose French fashion on all of Europe.
These efforts have yet to result in significant new pro bono resources and it is not expected that private pro bono lawyers will be able to meet a significant portion of the demand for service.
It took some time and hard work, but with the help of Goodwill, Jerry was able to work out a payment plan with the prosecutor's office, find housing and conduct a more thorough job search.
A comparison of normalization curves shows differences between all normalization techniques and that the signal-dependent methods were able to correct for non-linearities in the log scale.
Taken together, through the use of microarray technology, we have described one of the first observations about how Tat is able to control various host cellular machineries.
The UI is the face the software presents to the world--the set of devices (buttons to click, blanks to fill in, and so on) by which users are able to tell the software what to do.
Even as analysts have become more able to move stock prices, their more corporate-congenial language has probably diminished the long-range impact of their recommendations--with so many "outperforms" and "accumulates" out there, it's hard to know which ones to take seriously.
Microarray analysis offers the unique potential to identify unknown targets of toxic agents, as transcriptional responses of the entire genome can be measured in parallel [ 3 ] . Ideally, one should be able to identify new targets quickly, confidently, and without recourse to alternative methods.
But the humiliating thing was that I, relatively bilingual and with a smattering of a few other languages, have been able to make myself understood in most part of western Europe, but was thoroughly checkmated not sixty miles as the crow flies from Manchester.
Many offices were able to create special staff development funds and other enhancements as a result of the campaign.
Despite the comments of a Governor concerning costs associated with the NALC arbitration, the USPS was able to include these additional labor costs in the update.
Unfortunately, Rembrandt was not able to live out his life in his home.
10 By building environmental assessment into the strategic planning process, they are able to stay focused on their long-term goals even as they make changes in the way they intend to achieve them.
She picks up her dry cleaning the following day, however, and eventually writes him a letter, in which she recounts earth-shattering orgasms with other men: "I'm sorry to have to tell you this, but the fact is that I was never able to have true sexual pleasure with you."
Does Jackson secretly think that Microsoft shouldn't ever have been able to branch out into desktop applications like Word and Excel?
Having already made Harrer's character an unappealing egotist interested only in mountain climbing until the Dalai Lama changed his life, the filmmakers were able to incorporate Stern 's unpleasant revelation into the story line quite easily.
Most bovine brucellosis in the USA is caused by B. abortus biovar 1. For a typing method to be of value for epidemiological trace-back, it is essential to be able to subtype biovar 1 isolates.
Bradley has ardently discussed the topic of improving race relations, but has not been able to sway those content with Clinton administration policies and Gore's place near them.
The only kind of whole-organism cloning we've been able to perform up till now has involved DNA taken from early embryonic tissue.
The only disappointment is that Warner wasn't able to sell Kings and Giant to mainstream audiences.
Although still able to localize to the nucleus, it prevents subsequent transcription of GC and progesterone responsive genes.
The electorate was able to shrug off the Gennifer Flowers scandal rather quickly; its concerns were becoming domestic.
Although SAM is not able to disclose the identities of these false positives, it does provide biologists a reasonable set of potential target genes and a sense of the trustworthiness of the outcome.
An American expert tells the paper that Indian claims about having exploded a hydrogen bomb and being able to explode bigger ones is quite believable.
One ad, for instance, reads, 'If you don't put anything on the seat next to you, someone else will be able to sit down.'
The late metro edition of the NYT is able to state with some confidence what the paper's earlier national edition was only able to treat as a rumor: "Pol Pot is Dead, Thai Army Says."
Had Stross written his book next year, he would have had a whole new story line: how Microsoft was or was not able to translate its dominance in personal computers to the Internet.
Antagonists were identified as ligands that were able to repeatedly block the inhibitory effect of 1 nM etorphine on forskolin stimulated cAMP production.
Meanwhile, it is every journalist's fantasy to be able to mainline prose directly into a publication without the interference of an editor.
These ligands exhibited little or no measurable inhibitory effect on forskolin-stimulated cAMP production when used alone and were repeatedly able to block the inhibitory effect of 1 nM etorphine.
As a result, commercial services are able to make money selling bootleg copies.
[N]ot attempt an unachievable comprehensiveness is a marvelous quotation that I must borrow for my next book, review, article, or comment on the parlous state of the world, and I shall now be able to preface it with, In the words of Nigel Rees ...
In addition to being quietly devoted to family values, without wishing to force them on others, we Nation staffers are quite modern in our dress, while agreeing, of course, that others should be able to wear tweed, if that is their own personal preference.
Fuckpig a disgusting person (according to Partridge, it dates to the nineteenth century, a claim I'd love to be able to verify) is a winner, as is fuckwit a fool, fuckwitted stupid, and the absolutely delightful contestant from Bridget Jones' Diary: fuckwittage stupidity.
For the microarray measurements to be truly independent, it was important that no single clone contamination or misidentification event be able to affect the integrity of both the microarray and in situ hybridization result.
After about three months, Hanjour was able to obtain his private pilot's license.
As a result of the efforts of first responders, assistance from each other, and their own good instincts and goodwill, the vast majority of civilians below the impact zone were able to evacuate the towers.
A department without stars, no matter how excellent its teaching or worthy its long-run contributions to human knowledge, will not be able to make that case.
After all, a policy advocate of whatever persuasion ought to be able to make a case for his position without relying on calculations that count the same benefits twice, or forgetting that foreign exchange must either be spent on imports or invested abroad, that it can't just disappear.
As a pilot project, we were able to link data from the Hawaii Tumor Registry and from a health plan in Hawaii.
Hoped-for economic revival after the Asian economic crisis in the late 1990s is also likely to set the stage for further progress, in a country well-placed for their being able to enjoy the good life.
If this information was not given, you might not be able to answer the first question in Table 2 under "Controls", which would truly be missing information.
On these programs, the initial phase of production-sometimes known as low-rate initial production-was able to focus on building operational test articles and improving the production processes, instead of continuing the product's design and development.
On hatching from the eggshell, L2 worms are able to locate and migrate towards a potential host plant, penetrate the root behind its tip in the zone of elongation, and migrate intercellularly through the vascular cylinder by separating cells at the middle lamella [ 4 ] . The migration is enabled by a combination of stylet protrusion (mechanical force) and secretion of cell-wall-degrading enzymes from specialized glands [ 5 6 7 8 ] . Upon completion of migration, secretions from the nematode's glands, and potentially other cues, induce root cells to alter their development and gene expression, undergoing abnormal growth and repeated endomitotic rounds of replication to form a feeding site made up of giant cells [ 9 10 ] . The L2 feeds from the giant cells for 10-12 days, then ceases feeding and molts three times over the next two days to form the adult.
NEADS was never able to locate United 93 on radar because it was already in the ground.
Mother Sonja will be able to get qualified care for Seth and take up schooling or part-time work.
In many cases the GPPP method is able to establish functional linkages that are missed by the application of the SGPP method or the chromosomal proximity method independently.
We used M. smegmatis as the host because it grows much more rapidly than does M. tuberculosis (generation time of 3 hrs vs. 24 hrs), does not require BSL-3 facilities, and is more easily manipulated genetically than M. tuberculosis . One possible advantage of using a surrogate host is that studies could be focused on one particular regulator which might avoid complications due to other regulatory proteins in the cell that may be able to recognize promoters in the library.
In the present study, we were also able to identify significant α-RDL-immunoreactivity in the visual system of Calliphora (Figs.
Although we were not able to test this hypothesis directly in our data (because the relevant reproductive variables were not available), a review of the literature gives some clues.
He also thinks that it was a mistake for him to continue practicing law while serving as independent counsel; he speculates that, had he not allowed himself to practice privately from the start, he might not have been able to accept his appointment as independent counsel.
Folklorists of the 1930s and 1940s were still able to collect some of these ancient hymns from elderly people who learned them from their parents in the nineteenth century.
I might even be able to see that star if I possessed suitable magnifying equipment.
Investigation of this has been hampered by the fact that we have not been able to isolate F9 cell lines stabley expressing full length TAF II 135.
The Branch's goals focus on increasing the percentage of youth who: Grow into mentally and physically healthy adults; Know how to structure their lives in ways that produce meaning and enjoyment; Plan their high school program to allow them to qualify for future higher education, even if the current goals are vocational; Use non-violent conflict resolution skills when needed; Reach adulthood without being involved in alcohol, tobacco and other drug use; Are able to develop and achieve their goals and aspirations.
The poor should be able to flee bad schools just like the rich, and the competition will strengthen public education.
Thus, by using this evaluation technique, we are able to avoid the need for obtaining productive hourly costs translated into dollars using purchasing power parities.
I haven't thought as much as I should have about school choice, but the parents I know who have been able to pick from a variety of public schools have been glad of it--and have stuck with the public-school system when they otherwise would have left.
This is just to permit shedding a few initial pounds to provide motivation and hope, along with the feeling that one is able to achieve success.
"If it is raining, we may not be able to do all of them because some require us to sit on the ground."
Programs that were able to complete more engineering drawings and control their critical manufacturing processes had more success in meeting cost and schedule targets established when they began.
The last few years have witnessed Babe (animatronic pigs, dogs, sheep), several Homeward Bound s (dog and cat), a couple of Free Willy s (whale), and countless others I have, mercifully, been able to forget.
Health educators, working on mosquito-prevention programmes, should be able to build on these activities.
It is reasonable that the contractile ring may be able to generate greater force than is minimally required.
It also was able to take account of the dollars associated with actual cost-of-living adjustments, health insurance and the like, which were higher than earlier projected figures.
Dunlap may be able to help companies put their short-term financial houses in order, the argument went, but he can't actually turn a company into a viable long-term enterprise--which may explain why he always seems to focus on selling a company after it's been cleaned up.
Fortunately, many of these lawyers are willing and able to help in other ways.
By extension, it is not difficult to believe that some other large gene set might be able to get 75% of the classifications correct with little or no overlap with those genes in the top 10%.
It occurs to me further that the beach itself might not have been able to accommodate this monument to freedom were it not for the fact that, a few years back, my sister took it upon herself to consult some experts, among them actual bureaucrats, about the erosion that then threatened it.
You’ll be able to explore the marketplace and workshops of the artisans.
The story's body quotes a B-1 officer saying that "vindication might not be the right word," and waits until the ninth paragraph to reveal that "the Pentagon had not yet been able to assess the damage done by the bombers' strikes."
The Indians had known other conquerors, but at least they had been able to gain a sense of them as human beings.
If someone bludgeons Chatterbox to death with a copy of David Halberstam's The Children , Chatterbox hopes prosecutors will be able to check whether any of its enemies previously purchased that worthy tome.
After an exhausting day on the go or at the beach, you can rest assured that you’ll be able to relax in comfortable hotels, hospices, and restaurants.
The piece's main themes: the writer's fear that she won't be able to have children, anxiety about the appearance of her breast, and gratitude toward her husband and her cancer support group.
well, who's to say whether those poor saps at the Agriculture Department will ever be able to keep track of the price of pork bellies?
Those who kiss the Blarney stone are reputed to be able to charm the pants off everyone ever after.
Having a lawyer can often be the difference between a woman staying in a violent relationship and being able to break out of one, Waldron said.
Rodriguez was the only one of the 15 candidates able to afford television advertising (his successful fund raising has been the subject of much invective).
Congress intended that mailers should be able to use the Postal Rate Commission's proceedings to assure that some mailers were not crosssubsidizing other mailers and to assure that postage rates reflected the costs actually incurred to provide service.
Or it means that you're not artful enough to be able to live charmingly as a bohemian.
In my view, auditors should able to provide some consulting services to their audit clients, but there are certain services that would clearly be inappropriate for them to provide.
The preposterously high margins Apple was able to earn in the early-to-mid 1980s, when it was selling Apple IIs to dealers for three times cost and earning 72-percent gross profits on Macs, undoubtedly blinded the company to the fact that consumers would not ignore price forever.
No black writer roughly of Ellison's generation--not Richard Wright, not Langston Hughes, not Zora Neale Hurston--was able to parlay one novel into a position of being a respected critic and theorist of American literature.
We have shown that GPNN is able to model gene-geneinteractions as well as a BPNN in data containing only the functionalSNPs.
I was able to convince my parents that it was OK to listen to them because it was sort of classical.
In order to define the criteria that we used to sort the microarray data in this series of experiments, we were able to take advantage of previous reports of 19 known IL-2-regulated genes.
It's also a relief to be able to put aside Morris' book, which we both agree is a strange and wrongheaded failure, and talk about Reagan directly.
You will be able to examine in detail the furniture, porcelain, and numerous artworks collected by the family.
As for the pious hope that the Internal Revenue Service will be able to police the new tax breaks--to assure that all claimants are truly residents of the district and that the nation's capital has not become a flagrant tax haven--well, the IRS has a better chance here than in the Cayman Islands.
will be able to solve some of them.
Based on the subject area of the research question, and the availability of two institutions library database subscriptions, we were able to evaluate databases like PubMed MEDLINE, MANTIS, and CINAHL in comparison to a semantic database, Web of Science.
Mandel said the loss means the hotline won't continue with plans to expand statewide and won't be able to serve as many people in Northern California.
We were also able to identify the full-length genomic sequence of mosquito COP1 (Anopheles gambiae COP1 , AgCOP1 ) and partial genomic sequences of MmCOP1 and fugu COP1 (Fugu rubripes COP1 , FrCOP1 ). The genomic structures of the vertebrate COP1 genes appear to be generally conserved among themselves, but different from mosquito and plant COP1 genes (data not shown).
By using a retrospective-prospective longitudinal study design we were able to track BMI, glucose and lipid profiles from late childhood and adolescent ages to adulthood in a white Caucasian populations.
These active languages tend to be those spoken in the north and the west of Australia, in those parts of the country where the Aborigines have been most able to retain their traditional way of life.
Using an informatics approach, we rediscovered previously identified candidates (thus validating our method), and were able to identify new candidates for HGT.
Prior reports, however, have failed to identify a predominant class of complications, such that interventions could be undertaken that might be able to reduce the incidence of these complications.
At reputable vendors you will be able to arrange for the shipping of items that are too large to carry or too fragile to check on the return flight home.
We were able to report how long it took to get the phone answered, how long it took to get information, the consistency of information, and general helpfulness of the responding agent.
We were able to assign nearly three-quarters of the genes to functional groups based on sequence similarities with known genes or motifs (see Additional data files).
One benefit of making our current content free is that Slate will be able to participate more fully in the new Microsoft "portal" site, msn.com.
(7) Golub et al . [ 12 ] wished to be able to distinguish acute myeloid leukemia (AML) from acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).
"People who are able to eat the most meat are agriculturists," says Meikle.
Just as the promotional copy promises, I am able to shave with fewer strokes.
The Reagan administration was, I think, gratuitously punitive toward some of the poorest and most desperate welfare recipients and put much too much of the burden of its supposed deficit reduction on the backs of those least able to afford it (and on programs so meagerly funded that their contribution to deficit reduction was meaningless in any case).
When I'm able to save for a decent house, put aside money for my future children's education, ensure my retirement funds, and buy the gadgets I want, then maybe I'll consider putting aside a dime for some miscreant fool whose need for attention drove him to illicit drug use.
was able to detect deglycosylation affects using similar methodology [ 20 ] .
But should that willingness ever falter, one thing is sure: No "worker adjustment" program will be able to measure the harm, much less assuage it.
Hong Kong’s stores are usually able to arrange shipment.
She added that when she has not been able to reach everyone, she responds to patients who request help.
But this time he was able to be critical of Bill Bradley without coming off as smarmy or hectoring.
We are then able to perform standard comparison tests.
For the vast majority of people, being able to witness this dreck tends to remove its mystery and points out its idiocy only more clearly.
Applying this strategy, we were able to effectively reduce the cross-reactivity among the signal and capture probes for those HPV types where problems of non-specific signal had initially been encountered without compromising hybridization strengths.
Why shouldn't Outlook 97 be able to handle appointments in specified conference rooms in future millenniums?
was able to show human herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8) activation of lytic replication by CMV [ 34 ] . HHV-8 is in the same herpesvirus subfamily as EBV.
In other words, when we say that languages or dialects are equal, we do not mean that they are all equally able to concisely express every nuance at every time.
The early evolutionary divergence of the different major branches of the AAA family makes it difficult to evaluate the phylogenetic relationships among them [ 45 ] . However, by restricting the analysis to residues in the more highly conserved regions of the AAA structure that interact directly with ATP, we have been able to improve the signal to noise ratio sufficiently to probe the phylogenetic relationship of midasin and dynein to representative members in other branches of the AAA family.
The WP points out that AOL has only one-fifth the revenue of TW, but it was able to handle the deal because it has four times as much profit and a much higher stock value.
I don't think I'll be able to help it.
In this study, By producing wtPAI-1 and several single site mutations in the distal hinge of PAI-1 in a baculovirus expression system, we were able to find out the role of the distal hinge in conformational transition of PAI-1 and to elucidate the role of Glu351 in PAI-1 for serine protease specificities.
The traditional view holds that because manufacturing performance is determined by the labor time required to produce an item, then what applies to cars, for example, can also apply to clothing; therefore, U.S. apparel manufacturers might be able to save themselves by improving assembly operations.
All of the antisense clones were able to form colonies in soft agar (2-23 colonies per 10 4cells plated; data not shown), whereas control clones were deficient in their ability to form colonies (0-0.
Other things being equal (and new stadiums with high-profit luxury boxes can make a sizable difference), teams in big markets are able to reap much larger rents because the pool of fans from which they draw attendance and TV viewership is much larger.
We were able to increase this to 489 markers.
These results demonstrate that local and systemic gene transfer of IL-4 is able to treat established and early-stage disease, respectively, in a mouse model of arthritis, and thus may be useful for clinical applications for the treatment of RA.
Beyond the colorful and pagoda-arched Elefantentor (Elephant Gate) are 35 hectares (86 acres) of parkland where you will be able to observe Indian and African elephants, giant pandas from China, and the rare single-horned rhinoceros from India.
But the very act of issuing them on CD suggests they should be able to stand alone.
As far as I have been able to determine, golfo de las yeguas is a complete fiction, for there is no evidence for any such designation in any gazetteer that I could find nor at the Royal Geographical Society.
She is able to offer helpful advice only because the problems described are not hers; she is not emotionally involved in them and can consider them objectively.
Halfway through the program--and apropos of nothing--host Donaldson explained that Reno had been invited to appear on the show but had "set conditions" that the show was "not able to meet."
"As the director of a small legal aid clinic, this is huge for us -- it's giving us access to resources we wouldn't otherwise be able to afford," Nelson said. "
Because of the Taliban's behavior and its association with Pakistan, the Northern Alliance had been able at various times to obtain assistance from Russia, Iran, and India.
TGF-β1 is able to stimulate new matrix synthesis by chondrocytes in culture as well as able to reduce inflammation in vivo . In this report, the effects of intra-articular expression on both naïve and arthritic rabbit knee joint pathology were examined by adenoviral-mediated intra-articular gene transfer of TGF-β1.
Anagram: Safely able louts.
The Department of Education's statistics speak for themselves: At two-year public colleges, which Clinton says all Americans should be able to afford, 20 percent get financial aid.
We previously demonstrated in an in vitro experiment, that the NOX 4000 was able to measure rapid fluctuations of NO concentrations with a precision ≥ 95% [ 9].
In addition, only the highest dose of Ad.TGF-β1 was able to stimulate GAG synthesis in the naïve rabbit joints from day 7 and day 17, but the stimulation was marginal.
We were able to align this sequence and found that it lies 1006 bp from TMOD4 exon 1 and contained a consensus donor splice site.
You need to be able to issue a few so-called "wide-striped suits" to players who violate criminal statutes.
A century later, Martin Luther King Jr. affirmed that Americans would someday "be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood."
Many responses cast Donald Trump not as a genuine womanizer, able to exploit his transient sexual partners on his own merits, but as a pseudo-womanizer whose consorts see him as a sort of moon-faced paycheck.
And the businessmen who have amassed vast fortunes under the Yeltsin regime are able to continue as usual and are doubtless grinning like Cheshire cats."
In cells pretreated with DSLET (10 μM; 24 hours) to induce down-regulation of δ-ORs [ 21 ] , DSLET (1 μM) was no longer able to activate the ERK cascade, but the ERK response to acute EGF (10 ng/ml) was unchanged compared to medium-treated controls (Figure 6).
Starting next week, you'll be able to sign up for two new e-mail services from
Frazier told the Chronicle she would not have been able to pursue her lawsuit had it not been for the commercial success of Cold Mountain .
Eclipsed by the sober international style imposed by the Bauhaus in the 1920s — of which the Neue Nationalgalerie is a prime example — architect Hans Scharoun was at last able to indulge his taste for Expressionistic free-form structures.
Acquisition of new sequence data has often revealed that genes believed to be absent in a species were merely missing in the database rather than missing from the genome [ 16 ] . Obviously, because full genomes are not available for all plant and animal species, we are not able to make definitive statements about the presence or absence of a particular gene in every organism.
I don't seem to be able to get past the bitterness and resentment I feel for my parents.
Although the mechanism of the contralateral effect is unclear, we have demonstrated that adoptive transfer of dendritic cells from animals treated with adenovirus-mediated gene transfer of v-IL-10 to untreated immunized animals is able to confer a therapeutic effect (unpublished data).
The point is that the phrase "in play" is a useful cover for the fact that takeovers, particularly hostile ones, are often the result of companies' panicking at the prospect of losing something they never even knew they wanted until they realized they might not be able to have it.
We were able to align the canonical RSS nonamer and Sb with this PSSM.
His mother funded the establishment of the library, on condition that every Harvard graduate be able to swim 50 yards.
Haring, adds the New York Times ' Holland Cotter, brought "entertainment and edification together as later art has rarely been able to."
Perhaps Citicorp couldn't afford that slamming new computer system before it was part of Citigroup, and now it'll be able to shop with impunity, but somehow I doubt it.
Using this method, we were able to identify 11 additional micro-exons, all shorter than 12 bp.
In order to be competitive in attracting, hiring, and retaining high caliber and talented staff, we need to be able to further enhance our human capital programs.
As established previously, chondrocytes in micromass culture are able to progress along their differentiation pathway to hypertrophy [ 14 ] . In cultures of neonatal rib chondrocytes, we find essentially the same results.
For instance, in one mock attack, an agency team was able to simulate bringing about a core meltdown.
But you may be able to withhold the product from the market while you experiment with ways to improve it, and you can change the product significantly and still retain possession of its name, as the makers of Tabasco did when they altered the formula of their hot sauce but successfully defended their right to exclusive use of the trademark.
Another issue is that the level of myosin-II activity may be able to vary.
We were also told that AOL was already suffering, and would suffer more in the future, from price cuts on the part of its American competitors, and that soon the company would have to rescind the price hike it was able to push through last year.
She was able to speak various Indian languages and would speak to the members of each tribe in their own tongue.
22 Although team members had the authority to set their schedules and determine their day-to-day work priorities, heavy workload demands prevented them from being able to plan and manage their work.
All in all, I believe that if I ever meet one of my forebears, one of those pale, skinny yeshiva students from the eastern European shtetl of 1897, I will be able to say to him, "I, too, am a Jew--not a saint, but a Jew like you."
Organizations are able to use the site's extensive resources to promote and recruit volunteers; they also are invited to contribute content to the site.
If the tabs haven't really been able to move on, neither has Monica, reports the Enquirer . Her new plan is to win Bill back by starring on her own TV talk show.
For more information on the criteria we used to select these organizations, see appendix I. As federal agencies continue to improve their management and financial accountability, they will be able to draw upon the expertise and experience of these private sector and state government organizations.
Thus, by detecting orthologous matches to parts of genes we will be able to identify additional multimodular proteins.
In this respect we note that we have not been able to recover F9 cell lines significantly overexpressing TBP suggesting that TBP overexpression is toxic.
While the physician may not have the skills of a social worker, he or she should be able to make an initial assessment of the patient's social and practical needs.
To achieve this end, we would have to be able to finitely prespecify something about a set of statements concerning atomic sense data statements whose truth would be necessary and suYcient to the truth of a statement about the Windsor chair in the living room.
Imagine if your television was able to gather details about your viewing habits and your personal life and then transmit that data to companies that wanted to use it to sell you things.
Banks had been claiming that credit unions, which enjoy tax-exempt status based on their origins as volunteer-run cooperatives, have, by wildly expanding their memberships beyond simple company or vocational affiliation (71 million members, more than double the 1991 total), been able to unfairly compete for customers.
But linking competition to state planning has expanded the impact of both of these initiatives in powerful ways that we were not able to envision in 1998.
James Bryant Conant and Henry Chauncey play key roles, and clearly the effect of the shift to an exam like the SAT is to make it possible for those with fewer social advantages and who have not attended high-status prep schools to successfully compete for places like Harvard if they are academically able.
You’ll be able to hire camels and horses at Luxor and Aswan and at numerous resorts along the Red Sea and in the Sinai.
5. Anti-depressants are not meant to make one happier , per se, but rather to make one feel normal and better able to deal with everyday details that most people take for granted.
