The very process of reviewing these issues underscored the absence of an effective government organization dedicated to assessing vulnerabilities and handling problems of protection and preparedness.
As a nonexpert, although interested, subscriber to VERBATIM, it is “a bit mysterious” to me that the singular noun absence takes the plural verb are . I refer to the first sentence of your article about the Longman Dictionary [XV,1].
Two words, dew and shower , refer in the context to the presence of water; the rest are in contexts indicating its absence.

These more sensitive measures might also have detected differences between the overweight and normal weight persons, but we think this is unlikely given the absence of any differences in EVGFP.
The ability of purified soluble CD39 to hydrolyze VO 2+ATP is shown in Figure 1. Soluble CD39 did not hydrolyze either ATP or ADP in the absence of VO 2+(Fig. 1A).
Vanadyl is unstable in aqueous solution at pH7.0 in the absence of chelator and will precipitate out of solution as [VO(OH) 2 ] n .
VO 2+in the absence of any nucleotides was added to sCD39 at 1:1 molar ratio.
Four different EPR spectra are obtained for VO 2+bound in the presence of different nucleotides and in the absence of nucleotide.
Other markers of systemic inflammation or autoimmunity did not correlate with the presence or absence of LFT abnormalities.
However, this subgroup is characterized by the absence of clinical manifestations observed in 1°SS, and the absence of anti-Ro and anti-La [ 35 ] .
However, this subgroup is characterized by the absence of clinical manifestations observed in 1°SS, and the absence of anti-Ro and anti-La [ 35 ] .
Research has shown that red harvester ants may identify the tasks nestmates are engaged in based on the ratio of n-alkenes to n-alkanes in their hydrocarbons and the presence or absence of branched n-alkanes.
In the absence of external guides, people selforganise to learn and make sense of their environments.
In the absence of hierarchy and centralised planning, employees in the Valley rely on their skills, rather than on formal position, to provide a reference point for their careers.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder, out of sight, out of mind.
Because of the mills and their conspicuous absence, hundreds of people were uprooted, forced to leave their homes and tightly knit communities.
As the state cost is applied to every year the patient is in that health state, a substantial miscalculation of the lifetime cost attributed to stroke would have been produced, even though it would have been based on the best available data and accepted as a reasonable proxy in the absence of Canadian data.
The expression of most of these genes seemed to be specifically modulated by IL-2 and not by the trauma of needle aspiration, as only a few differentially expressed genes (in parentheses in Figure 5) were detected in control FNA samples obtained at 24-hour intervals in the absence of IL-2 administration.
In the absence of such a detailed-and repeated-articulation, national security tends not to rise very high on the list of congressional priorities.
The absence of the large linears could either mean the presence of complete repair or the presence of extensive degradation activity.
Transcriptional profiling of the early stages of genital development in vivo in the presence and absence of androgen may provide further insights into the role of androgen in genital development.
This leads to the generation of constitutive signals by the adaptor proteins in the absence of other upstream signals [ 40 ] .
In the absence of cRNA spiking, cross-hybridization of Cy-labeled rat targets to
The jury concluded that negligent marketing and distribution of handguns by nine companies was a "proximate cause" of three recent shootings, despite the absence of proof that any particular company's product was involved in any of the shootings.
Here, combining a master locus (C73) with a non-allelic singlet locus possessing 100% sequence identity (L91) resulted in immediate trans-silencing, as seen by a reduction of GFP-COP1 expression and block of cosuppression, which was stably maintained in the presence or absence of the master locus.
The CDH gene exhibited a complete absence of expression in one cell line (SW756) that showed promoter hypermethylation and two other cell lines (C-33A and SiHa) without evidence of methylation (Fig.
But others lament the absence of the novelist's trademarks--the magical realism, the stylish prose, the irony.
As previously reported [ 16 ] , sympathetic neurons grown in the absence of serum and glial cells fail to form dendrites (Figure 1A); however when grown in the presence of BMP-7, these neurons extend multiple dendrites (Figure 1B).
Two theories have been proposed to explain the present spliceosomal intron distribution; i.e., their presence in eukaryotes and their absence in Bacteria and Archaea.
They were often severely abnormal, consisting of loose connective tissue, with absence of neural tissue (Figure 4I,J).
Nevertheless, the nature and extent of T&A approvals must be such that management has assurance that supervisors or other officials know they are accountable for the approvals of an employee's work time and absences.
One obvious example of a “semantic hole” in sexual relationships is the often-observed absence of neutral terms for unmarried sexual partners.
Indeed, after just one day of stimulation, IL-4-producing cells in the presence of CD81 costimulation had lower mean levels of CFSE than did IL-4-producing cells in the absence of CD81 costimulation.
hence all assays were performed in the absence of the cocktail.
Nevertheless, the presence of a gene in one nematode species (such as Meloidogyne ) but its absence in another (such as C. elegans ) might merely reflect a gene loss in the latter lineage.
In the absence of an indigenous alphabet, Japanese scholars had with the greatest difficulty tried to adapt the complex ideograms of monosyllabic Chinese to the essentially polysyllabic Japanese.
As a basis for approving T&A data, supervisors are required to obtain reasonable assurance that employees working at remote sites are working when scheduled and that T&A information accurately reflects time worked and absences from scheduled tours of duty.
Other mechanism by which AR could show an altered response results from an increase in its sensitivity to very low levels of androgen [ 22 23 ] . We tested the role of active Stat3 in this possibility cotransfecting CV-1 cells with an androgen responsive reporter (ARE-TATA-luciferase), AR, in the presence or in the absence of constitutively active Stat3C.
Their absence can significantly reduce linkage of both Mendelian and quantitative traits that are unlucky enough to be controlled by loci in the intervals with ambiguous SDPs.
As a receptor class, GPCRs are considered excellent drug targets because they are often regulated through interactions with small natural ligands [ 32 33 ] . Specifically, studies of classic GPCRs, such as the β-adrenergic receptors, show that in the absence of endogenous ligand (agonists) these receptors exist in multiple interconvertible conformations that are predominately inactive [ 34 ] . Upon exposure to their natural ligands, however, the active receptor forms are preferentially stabilized, allowing them to readily engage G-protein couplers and to create signaling-competent complexes.
There may, for example, be a homologous tetraspanin protein that compensates for the absence of sarcospan in mice, but not in humans.
In summary, the voltage-dependence of Ca 2+transients and the maximum cytosolic Ca 2+concentration during the transient were not significantly affected by partial or total absence of the γ 1 subunit.
The representation is no more compact, but retains the general property of absence of cross terms.
Thus, in the absence of physiological concentrations of PP5, GRs accumulate in the nucleus of A549 cells.
(The Ramseys buried their daughter in Atlanta, then vacationed in Sea Island, Ga.) This absence, some speculate, gave the Ramseys time to work out a story to explain their innocence.
The NRP-154 cells are transformed, grow in the absence of exogenous growth factors, and are tumorigenic [ 23 24 25 26 27 ] . These lines come from epithelial cells.
The exact mechanism may be unknown, but decreased BRCA1 levels appear to affect the ability to arrest growth or die in the absence of estrogenic growth-inducing conditions.
The afflicted children--about 20 percent of the 18,000 adopted--are incapable of forming emotional bonds with their new parents, probably because the absence of attention and affection in infancy stunted brain development.
In particular, mutagenesis of Glu-194 or Glu-204 in bR results in loss of fast proton release [ 3 4 ] . The absence of homologs for these residues in pR leaves open the question of whether it carries out fast H +release.
In the absence of an omniscient central planner, though, the way to get better investment is to get more investment.
Case-control studies are applicable with special considerations for cancer screening [ 22 ] . Periodic Screening Evaluation (PSE) is a method for using data from subjects of various age who receive at least two regularly scheduled screenings to estimate the reduction in cancer mortality from periodic screening over a range of ages [ 23 24 ] . The main assumptions of PSE are (1) once a cancer is detectable on screening it would be detectable on later screenings (2) given age, year of birth adds no information for predicting the detection rate on the first screen, (3) no selection bias in using refusers to estimate survival from detection in the absence of screening.
The absence of business systems capable of adjusting to real-time demand information, as well as the lack of information between the time when orders were placed and the actual selling season, meant that early order commitments could not be amended pending new information.
For each gene (probe set), the Affymetrix software calculates an 'average difference' between the intensities of the perfect-match and mismatch primers, and additionally makes an overall determination as to the absence or presence of a gene (absent/present call) in the sample.
4( bottom panel, black circles ), MTX-induced LDH release in the absence of U73343, correlates in time with the second phase of ethidium uptake, demonstrating that the second phase reflects cell lysis.
This result, at least, excludes the possibility that the absence of the large, non-circular chromosomes in some strains (Figure 2) reflects the absence of DNAs in the wells during the process or by extensive and general nuclease action.
The low sequence identities in these enzymes have been interpreted as reflecting relatively low constraints upon the sequence because the reaction is quite facile even in the absence of the enzyme (because it forms an aromatic product), and thus the enzyme is not required to provide a great deal of assistance [ 35].
The presence or absence of bone metastasis in patients was determined by bone scintigraphy, and was confirmed by conventional radiography (X-ray) as necessary.
Findings supporting this notion include: 1. The absence of a correlation between fecal fat excretion and fecal bile acid loss; 2. The normal fecal bile acid losses in patients with liver disease compared to excessive losses in those without liver disease despite similar fecal fat excretion; and 3. The finding that patients with almost normal fat excretion continue to lose large amounts of bile acids.
In contrast, loss of cortical and furrow localization is seen for GFP-MHCK-C in the absence of myosin II.
We found an absence of promoter hypermethylation in SGCT and acquisition of unique patterns of promoter hypermethylation in NSGCT.
In the absence of data showing the weight distribution of inbound mail, the Commission employed, as a proxy distribution, data developed by European postal administrations in the course of preparing a new terminal dues system.
As the House managers open the prosecution of the president today, the real obstacle they face is not the absence of witnesses or the dismal poll numbers.
The absence of a comprehensive precancer terminology severely limits the clinical value of research that includes precancer specimens.
These results could be taken to suggest that the HR-associated pathway is not sufficient to induce SAR in the absence of the NPR1 -dependent, SA-associated pathway (but see below for why this conclusion is not correct).
Stimulation with 5A6 alone, in the absence of SEB or CMV, gave consistently = 0.05% cytokine-positive T cells in such experiments (data not shown).
7. In the absence of information about the specific functions of most individual RPs in mammalian cells, one can only speculate at present on the physiologic significance of the reported changes.
Virtually all the fans with whom I have spoken over the years (quite a friendly bunch, actually) consider the absence of big wrecks, injuries, etc., a key component of a good race.
These data provide additional evidence that 4-AP exerts neither an anti-proliferative nor a pro-apoptotic influence on serum-supplemented GC cultures, because PCNA expression is a sensitive marker of GC proliferation and apoptosis [ 18 26 27 ] . The lack of 4-AP effect on GC viability is also evident from the flow cytometric analysis; the percentages of cells staining positive for propidium iodide were 8 ± 2% and 7 ± 2% in the presence and absence of drug (n = 4 samples of 10,000 cells/each from 4 GC isolations).
Solana will be the European on the end of the telephone to take calls from Washington--a figure whose absence was always bemoaned by Henry Kissinger."
This protein contains a prototypical nuclear localization signal but remains in the cytoplasm when expressed in cultured cells in the absence of steroids.
The doxycycline-independent increase in 6His-HA-PP1α is attributed to background expression when using this system [ 25 ] . As predicted for a protein under the control of the doxycycline-inducible promoter, the abundance of 6His-HA-PP1α decreases in the absence of the inducer over time (Figure 2C).
Plating RASMCs onto a fibronectin coated dish in the absence of growth factors yielded moderate activation of ERK1/2, which peaked at 30 min then decreased somewhat over the next 30 min of the experiment (Fig.
The site of infection is the gastrointestinal tract, where it causes a chronic inflammatory ailment termed Johne's disease [ 5 ] . In contrast, M. avium is common in the environment, causes tuberculosis in birds, and disseminated infections in HIV patients [ 6 ] . Growth of M. paratuberculosis is characterized by its slow rate (doubling time of 22-26 hours, compared to 10-12 hours for M. avium ) and requirement of mycobactin in culture media [ 5 ] . With the absence of a well-defined genetic system for M. paratuberculosis , a comparative genomic approach holds great potential in addressing the genetic basis for many of these phenotypic differences.
The same experimental protocol was employed for evaluation of ethidium uptake (Fig 3, lower panel ). Again, MTX-induced uptake of ethidium was biphasic in the absence of U73343 ( trace a ). Addition of the U-compound shortly after MTX (i.e.
No alternative mechanism for cysteine incorporation into proteins is known; hence the absence of CysRS in these organisms was an enigma.
On Tuesday, Izvestiya of Moscow noted an alarming new tendency in Russia: In the absence of effective enforcement of property rights, people simply grab what they think should be theirs.
There's another tortured family, too: Pistone's wife and three daughters, who languish in the absence of a steady father.
If you are dead set against anyone gaining access in your absence, you might ask someone if he or she would be willing to let you move your plants to their apartment for the three weeks.
As had previously been observed, we found very little difference in T1 between samples of the same series (<5%) or across series (<10%) [ 12 ] . Therefore, the T1 times in the absence of contrast agent of samples from the same series were averaged and these averages used as the reference tissue T1 for all other samples within the same experiment series.
At the same time, I am struck by what I find to be considerable conceptual confusion as well as an absence of fundamental analysis based on solid biology and sociology.
To confirm that the difference in cell viability was due to alterations in survival response after STS treatment and not an intrinsic property of the individual cell lines, growth of both cell lines was examined by MTS assay under the same conditions in the absence of STS (Figure 2B).
Even in praising his skill as an editor, she betrays the presence of its absence.
Cdc5 presumably impinges on the MEN by other means as well, because Cdc5 is required for maximal Dbf2 protein kinase activity even in the absence of Bfa1's obligate partner Bub2 [ 18 ] . Once activated, the MEN in turn sustains the transient Cdc14 release enabled by Cdc5 and other FEAR pathway components.
The presence or absence of specific major medical complications during the hospital stay was determined by medical record review.
Complete linkage clustering based on Euclidean distance [ 23 ] of these four sets of transcripts (cytosolic versus cytoskeleton transcripts in HL-60 cells in the presence or absence of TPA) revealed that the cytoskeleton-anchored population in the precursor HL-60 cells and those in the macrophage cells were most similar (Fig.
In the absence of ATP, a very weak binding was observed whereas with increasing amount of ATP strong binding was detected.
One other point: In the absence of any clear logic in street numbering, it’s important when noting an address to be sure you have the nearest cross-streets as well as the number of the building.
COS-7 cells were transfected with an expression vector for a 6X histidine tagged construct of p35-C/EBPβ carrying the φ 10 (T7 tag) epitope sequence either in the presence or absence of Elk-1.
But this absence of coverage doesn't mean change isn't happening all around us.
[ 21 ] have shown that there is a strong degree of concordance between the report of mother and the report of daughter about foods consumed during this age period, although others have shown that recall of diet from the distant past is imprecise [ 22 ] . However, in the absence of dietary data actually collected during adolescence, recall of high school diet provides the best estimate of possible relationships between diet during adolescence and the risk of breast cancer.
During her absence, two of our earliest and most energetic "Fraygrants" have been filling in.
Absence of DNA contamination was verified by amplifying the 756 bp intron containing region of the MECP2 gene between exons 3 and 4 using exon 3 based primer 5'-AGCCCGTGCAGCCATCAGCC-3' and exon 4 based primer 5'-CTTCCCAGGACTTTTCTCCA-3'.
Indeed, early cultures show proliferating CT cells, which are gradually transformed into the differentiating CT cells and syncytial aggregates during the culture [ 15 ] , possibly due to the prevalence of differentiation signals in the absence of stromal signaling (Figure 11C).
Nonetheless, we do recognize that absence of evidence is not necessarily evidence of absence.
In the absence of estrogen, a significant difference was detected in tumorigenic growth between AS-4 and NEO cells (Fig.
The cells were stimulated either with plate-bound anti-CD3 mAb (coated as described above) or soluble SEB superantigen (Sigma, at 1 μg/ml final concentration), in the presence or absence of 5-10 μg/ml 5A6 anti-CD81 mAb (added only at the initiation of the culture).
In our construct, we deleted this adaptor to prevent use of the start codon for translation; that would result in nonexpression of the functional URA3 gene and, therefore, an inability to grow in the absence of uracil.
These more sensitive measures might also have detected differences between the overweight and normal weight persons, but we think this is unlikely given the absence of any differences in EVGFP.
(asthmatics) Shortness of breath Lung cancer Acute myocardial infarction Cardiac arrhythmias School absence days
However, unlike binding-site clusters, CNCS clusters can be rapidly identified in the absence of any a priori information about transcription factor specificity, and may therefore provide a more general approach to genome-wide cis -regulatory prediction.
Another possible mechanism by which a prostate cancer circumvents the low levels of androgens resulting from androgen ablation therapy is by increasing the sensitivity of AR to very low levels of androgens [ 42 ] . Stat3 increased the sensitivity of AR to a dose of androgen that showed no activity in the absence of Stat3, in the absence of a mutated AR.
In Caco-2 cells, the mRNA for both calbindin D and CaT1 can be detected by PCR in the absence of vitamin D treatment.
In summary, the results presented here suggest that treatment of HIV-1 with CAP leads to conformational changes in the envelope glycoproteins, ultimately resulting, in the absence of target cell membranes, in the formation of gp41 six-helix bundles.
In the absence of a biological plausibility for this differential effect of red and white wine on lung function we are concerned about the potential spurious nature of the observed associations.
The Dollo model is based on the assumption that each derived character state (in this case, the presence of a gene pair) originates only once, and homoplasies exist only in the form of reversals to the ancestral condition (absence of a gene pair) [ 38 ] . In other words, parallel or convergent gains of the derived condition are assumed to be highly unlikely.
Thus, one can calculate the fraction of total activity contributed by each of the two enzymes by comparing activities measured in the presence and absence of L-phenylalanine.
NRP-152 and NRP-154 cells were grown in the presence or absence of testosterone, as described above.
She may feel that the absence of her natural father during her 18 years, however well that might be explained, contributed to her present condition.
Membranes were initially prepared and B max and K d values determined in the presence and absence of a cocktail of protease inhibitors (Complete Protease Inhibitor Cocktail, Roche Diagnostics, Mannheim Germany).
I understand peace in this context to mean not the absence of international violence, or not only that, but a person's peace with himself, with his idea of how he should behave.
To determine the effect of the compounds on cell proliferation, after 24 h incubation, the cells were washed and further incubated in the absence of the compounds for 1 day, and then a trypan blue assay was done.
In addition, the M. paratuberculosis phagosome was characterized by the presence of LAMP 1 and absence of LAMP 2 lysosomal membrane protein markers as well as other endocytic tracer molecules.
First, although the clinical indications for coumadin use in this cohort were unknown, coumadin is often given for a limited period of time [ 31 ] , after which it is often discontinued, in the absence of known predisposing factors.
After 2 weeks of selection in 800 μg/ml of geneticin-G418 (Gibco/Life Technologies, Gaithersburg, MD, USA), BG-1 G418-resistant colonies were pooled or individually isolated and assayed for growth in the presence or absence of supplemented estrogen.
According to what I have been told, my own public statement played a small role in the final decision; essentially, some of Mahathir's advisers were worried by the absence of any support for such controls among mainstream economists, but the appearance of my August manifesto in Fortune silenced the doubters.
MCF7-4EBP-1-5A cells were cultured in the presence or absence of pon A (10 μM) for 24 hours.
Six exceptional golf courses are located here, notable not only for their challenging designs coupled, with ocean and jungle views, but also for their absence of crowds and reasonable prices.
About 13% of the in situ experiments failed, as a result of either the absence of a PCR product (9.
Candidates for citizenship must 1) be 18 or older; 2) have resided in the United States continuously for five years--or three years if married to a U.S. citizen--(short absences are OK); 3) demonstrate the ability to speak English, and a basic knowledge of American history and government (click here to see if you pass the test); and 4) be of "good moral character."
Poisson models were also constructed with days of absence during the week as the dependent variable.
However, this subgroup is characterized by the absence of clinical manifestations observed in 1°SS, and the absence of anti-Ro and anti-La [ 35 ] .
We describe here a comprehensive two-step search for HGT candidates in M. incognita, M. javanica and M. hapla using EST data [ 22 28 29 ] . Genome-to-genome comparisons were made to discover patterns of presence and absence that would indicate horizontally acquired genes.
Our finding that 24 h exposure to 4-AP decreased the number of viable GC in serum-free but not serum-supplemented primary cultures is consistent with the reported effects of 4-AP and other K +channel antagonists on other cell types [ 8 43 44 ] . It has been shown that the concentrations of K +channel antagonists required to inhibit growth of human bladder tumor cells can be 70 times higher in the presence than the absence of serum [ 43 ] . 4-AP has been shown to inhibit the proliferation of human myelobastic leukemia cells by preventing growth factor activation of mitogen activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathways [ 42 ] . This mechanism may be responsible for the anti-proliferative effect of 4-AP manifest in Table 1. It is likely that MAPK pathways are less robust in GC grown in defined serum-free vs. serum-supplemented media; however, validation of this hypothesis would require additional experiments beyond the scope of the present investigation.
As an alternative, we estimate an upper bound on the reduction in the population cancer mortality rate from screening by estimating the cancer fatality rate in the absence of screening using data from interval cancers, namely, substituting m 
During the police's absence, John Ramsey and a family friend searched the house themselves, and John found JonBenet's corpse in a basement storage room.
Because not all β1 integrins associated constitutively with CD98 (in the absence of manganese), the α chain must help regulate specificity of CD98 association.
Control cultures contained 0.5% DMSO in the absence of peptide.
The inability of the method to find the expression patterns representing these groups seemed to be dependent on the overall properties of the dataset, rather than the absence of an appropriate eigen vector used to initiate the process, as the program was unable to identify these patterns even when the process was initiated by seeding the centroids with the unidentified patterns (data not shown).
Final models contained covariates for gender, race, age and individual random effects, which allow for correlation of absence rates within individuals (Table 6).
The auto-inhibitory domain is involved in inhibiting the enzyme activity in the absence of Ca 2+whereas the variable region at the amino terminus may account for their substrate specificity and/or localization [ 22].
The ability of purified soluble CD39 to hydrolyze VO 2+ATP is shown in Figure 1. Soluble CD39 did not hydrolyze either ATP or ADP in the absence of VO 2+(Fig.
In the absence of any additional information on the cDNA clone LD43816 ( CG4702 ), the contrast between the heavy staining seen in late embryos and the earlier highly restricted pattern might suggest the possibility of probe contamination.
To further substantiate this conclusion, we used gel filtration to compare the elution profiles of Pop1p and Pop2p in the presence or absence of their respective dimerization partners.
Cellulose acetate phthalate (CAP) is a promising microbicide candidate for prevention of infection by sexually transmitted disease (STD) pathogens, including HIV-1 [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ] . CAP inactivates HIV-1 and blocks the coreceptor binding site on the virus envelope glycoprotein gp120, while leaving the site for the primary cellular receptor CD4 accessible [ 8 9 ] Soluble CD4 (sCD4) was shown to inhibit HIV-1 infection by two mechanisms: reversible blockage of virus binding to receptors, and irreversible inactivation of virus infectivity [ 10 ] . Since CAP and sCD4 bind to distinct domains on the HIV-1 envelope, it was of interest to determine whether or not these two ligands affect virus infectivity synergistically as do other combinations of anti-HIV-1 drugs and sCD4 [ 11 12 ] Binding of sCD4 leads to conformational changes in gp120 [ 13 14 15 16 17 ] . Binding of gp120 to coreceptors CXCR4 and CCR5, respectively, triggers additional conformational changes in HIV-1 envelope glycoproteins [ 18 19 ] For these reasons it was of interest to determine whether a) pretreatment of HIV-1 with sCD4 would affect subsequent binding of CAP to virus particles, and b) CAP binding to virus particles in the presence or absence of sCD4 would elicit conformational changes which could affect HIV-1 infectivity.
xiii), Samuel wrote about the presumed absence of any rules in the language:
Therefore, the complete disappearance of these proteins seen in the absence of protease inhibitors indicates that there is further degradation in the extracts which exaggerates the differences between differentiated and undifferentiated cells.
We did not observe a consistent association between CO 2 differential and absence at the levels of CO 2 under study (Figure 2).
The natural phenomenon of spontaneous mutation, which occurs in the absence of drug selection, results in the accumulation of approximately six to eight TK-deficient variants per 10 4plaque-forming viruses in virus populations that have never been exposed to selective pressure [ 6 10 12 ] . Furthermore, HSV-2 clinical isolates were shown to have a higher frequency of spontaneous mutations resistant to ACV and PCV, approximately 30-fold, compared to HSV-1 isolates, and the majority of these mutations are in tk . Consistent with this observation, HSV-2 strains also exhibited approximately a 20- to 80-fold higher spontaneous mutation rate to cidofovir (HPMPC), an inhibitor of HSV Pol, resistance compared with HSV-1 [ 21 ] . Therefore, these naturally-occuring mutations are not unique to tk and TK substrates as detected with antiviral agents ACV and PCV, but were extended with the direct Pol inhibitor, HPMPC, to other loci, most likely pol .
TRAIL may mediate a number of physiological responses; therefore, in order to determine if TRAIL expressed by S. aureus -infected osteoblasts mediates osteoblast apoptosis, cultured normal mouse osteoblasts were infected with S. aureus strain UAMS-1 at various MOIs in the presence and absence of an anti-human TRAIL polyclonal antibody.
However, when PcrG was expressed, secretion was not blocked in either the presence or absence of calcium (calcium-blind phenotype) similar to the parent strain (Fig.
Therefore, despite constitutive Syk kinase activity, the ITAMs in the dominant-positive-expressing cells remain hypophosphorylated because kinases that are upstream of Syk and/or are Syk independent are not active in the absence of BCR crosslinking.
In most cell systems that have been examined, the primary signal transduction pathway for BMPs involves phosphorylation of Smad-1 [ 22 ] , and recent evidence suggests that this is also true for BMP-7 induced dendritic growth in sympathetic neurons [ 23 ] . To determine if BMP-5 initiates similar signaling events in sympathetic neurons, cultured sympathetic neurons grown in the absence of glial cells were treated with BMP-5 for 30 or 60 min then analyzed by Western blotting using Abs specific for total Smad-1 or for phosphorylated Smad-1.
PTEN -deficient human and mouse cells have elevated levels of intracellular PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 [ 10, 11] and demonstrate constitutive activation of AKT in the absence of growth factors [ 12, 13, 14].
5), this absence could be due to a dilution of cytochrome c by the increased vacuolar volume [ 17 ] and leakage of the outer mitochondrial membrane.
In the absence of ALK3Q233D, no F-Az was detected in the precipitates of SNIP1 (Fig.
Low levels of funding and the absence of state, regional and national poverty training materials and teachers can diminish opportunities for staff education on substantive poverty law issues.
Amid criticism from Clinton supporters, Ken Starr has announced that he will take an unpaid leave of absence from his nearly $1 million per year post at a Chicago law firm where he defended clients such as GM and Meineke Discount Muffler.
As shown in Figure 6, the degree of PTEN induction was essentially the same in the absence or presence of p53, indicating that p53 did not affect the induction of PTEN protein under these conditions.
Very few studies have attempted to determine the effects of ventilation on short-term sick leave absences caused by respiratory infections.
, submitted), which encodes a form of Cdc14 that binds weakly to Net1 and is released from Net1 during mitosis even in the absence of MEN function [ 23 ] . Taken together, these data suggested the hypothesis that cdc5 mutants arrest in late anaphase because inadequate Cdc5-dependent phosphorylation of Net1 results in failure to release active Cdc14 from the RENT complex.
The results obtained here in skeletal muscle demonstrate that absence of the γ 1 subunit increases Ca 2+current density, decreases the inactivation rate, and shifts the voltage-dependence of inactivation in the depolarizing direction.
Chatterbox narrowed this gap to eight percentage points by eliminating 1987-8 and 1992 from both men's Senate scores (again, because Gore had absences presumably related to the presidential races): Gore shot up to 82 percent , while Bradley inched up to 90 percent .
During free movement in the absence of myosin II, GFP-MHCK-C was not enriched in the posterior region of the cells (Fig.
Furthermore, the CD81 costimulation appeared to cause a greater induction of proliferation of IL-4-producing cells, relative to that seen in the absence of CD81 mAb.
I was under the impression it was based on Webster's Ninth Collegiate Dictionary , and indeed it was; but there are so many improvements and changes that the absence both of a Longman copyright notice and of any identification of a specific editorial director are a bit mysterious.
Absence of alterations in the voltage dependence of charge movement in the γ 1 null cells should also be reflected in the voltage-dependence of Ca 2+transients.
To determine whether costimulation through human CD81 affected these early activation events, peripheral blood cells from normal CMV seropositive donors were incubated for 6 h with a superantigen, SEB, or the viral antigen, CMV, in the presence or absence of an agonistic anti-CD81 mAb, 5A6.
Sometimes during the course of the experiments, the muscle bundles were set at a reference sarcomere length where maximal force was obtained to verify absence of fatigue and/or damage in the preparation.
A comparison of the primary sequences of pR and bR at first glance seems as to preclude fast H +release as part of the proton-pumping mechanism of pR due to the absence of residues analogous to Glu194 and Glu 204 of bR.
The absence of Orrin Hatch praying in the nation's schools.
Currently, several risk factors have been identified including cigarette smoking, arterial hypertension, gender, aging, atherosclerosis and heavy alcohol consumption [ 9 10 11 12 ] . Initial indications of a genetic component were based on collections of case reports that suggested that IAs are associated with some rare simple Mendelian disorders, e.g. autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease, Ehlers Danlos syndrome type IV and the Marfan syndrome [ 13 ] . More recent systematic prevalence estimates indicate either absence of association or markedly reduced prevalence of IA among patients with rare simple Mendelian disorders [ 14 15 ] . Also, genetic analyses of genes known to cause some simple Mendelian disorders have proven negative for collections of patients with IA [ 16 17 ] . The familial occurrence of IAs not associated with known simple Mendelian disorders was first noted in 1942 [ 18 ] and, since then, nearly one hundred case reports and review articles have been published.
The completed data set can be used to determine the characteristics of ligands possessing analgesia in the absence of unwanted effects.
To investigate this possibility, cells were transfected with a wild-type cPLA 2 fused to EYFP (EYFP-cPLA 2 ) and the distribution of EYFP-cPLA 2 was imaged in response to [Ca 2+] i transients elicited by ATP and sustained [Ca 2+] i elevations elicited by IONO, in the presence and absence of U0126.
In other words, the EBM proponent claims that in the absence of a control group, the inference from observation statements (about the patient's condition) to the conclusion (about the efficacy of the intervention) is greatly weakened.
Mature differentiated cells begin to appear during this subsequent growth period in the absence of drug.
These studies revealed that in the absence of glucocorticoids, GR-GFP localized mainly in the cytoplasm.
The apparent GC hyper-responsiveness in LIFR null pups is probably not directly due to excess circulating corticosterone in the absence of LIFR.
Strain M37-1 lacks expression of pili as indicated by absence of hemagglutination and absence of a 22 kDa band on SDS-PAGE corresponding to pilin [ 34 ] . In an experiment comparing biofilm formation in 4 duplicate wells, strain M37-1, the pilus deficient variant, yielded an average optical density of 0.204 whereas its isogenic parent strain, M37, yielded an average optical density of 0.884.
A smooth term for time was included to control for unexplained trends in absence and the seasonality of absence.
The right panel shows the 4-AP sensitive current obtained by subtracting the current traces recorded in the presence (middle) of the drug from those recorded in the absence (left) of the drug.
An added benefit of these constructions is the availability of yeast strains that possess high levels of dinucleoside polyphosphates and at the same time express a mutant Fhit-homologous protein, because these are conditions which have been postulated to constitute the signaling form of Fhit [ 16 ] . Finally, using controlled genotypes we revisited conditions that lead to increased accumulation of dinucleoside polyphosphates [ 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 ] . Recognizing that hnt2 deletion is a pathological condition, we were particular interested in identifying conditions that lead to accumulation of such compounds in cells that contain a functional HNT2 gene, rather than simply identifying conditions that produce diadenosine polyphosphate accumulation in the absence of Hnt2.
But there is still something in the absence of developing-nation support for new standards that should give us pause.
A further test was to see whether the summated response had a sharp onset to NH4Cl, NaCl, and the acids, because the sharp onset revealed if the taste buds on the back of the tongue were adequately stimulated and assured that the possible absence of a phasic component of the responses to other stimuli was related to the property of the stimulus and not an artifact.
Mitomycin C blocks mitosis and thus allows analysis of cell migration in the absence of cell proliferation.
Souped-up, black-and-white flashbacks illustrate her absence and his anguish: Her motorbike was stolen, she couldn't pick him up, he left a bag of drug money on the subway, his boss will kill him if he doesn't come up with 100,000 marks by noon.
These findings indicated that this approach would be useful in analyzing the events that occur following tyrosine phosphorylation of the Cas SD in the absence of upstream signals that may activate other signaling pathways.
In the main, but by no means exclusively, the current analyses were applied to published data revolving round effects of the cryptochrome gene as it functions in Drosophila's circadian system [ 23 ] . The results of the present study show that procedures for detrending and normalizing the data clarify the presence versus absence of rhythmicity - which tend strongly to be associated with cry +functioning versus that putatively remaining in the cry b mutant - as well as permitting a more detailed understanding of the features accompanying a given molecular time-course.
All cell cultures are done in the absence of antibiotics.
The DAPK gene showed a complete absence of expression in five and down regulated expression in one of the 8 CC cell lines studied (Fig.
This result was confirmed by electrophoretic mobility shift assays and the absence of detectable amounts of the STAT1 antagonists SOCS1 and SOCS3 (data not shown).
As a consequence of a signal from the circadian clock, located in the suprachiasmatic nuclei (SCN) of the anterior hypothalamus in mammals [ 1 ] , sleep is more likely to occur at certain times of the 24-h day than others, thereby determining the daily sleep-wake distribution [ 2 ] . Sleep is homeostatically regulated in the sense that sleep drive accumulates in the absence of sleep and decreases during sleep.
Instead of remaining in the cytoplasm in the absence of steroid, nearly all of the GR-GFP was found in the cytoplasmic and nuclear inclusion bodies containing the Rab24 mutant (Fig.
In the absence of major differences in coding sequence, this strongly suggests rapid evolution of species-specific 5' and 3'-untranslated regions (UTRs), which are longer in the human gene.
The presence of huge linear forms, therefore, probably indicates both the absence of complete repair and the absence of further degradation.
Rat myocilin also contains an extra 13 aa N-terminal sequence [ 32 ] . To determine if rabbit myocilin is secreted despite the absence of the additional human-like N-terminal 14 aa, we examined rabbit aqueous humor.
Any adjustments required because of changes in reported absences after the reports were approved and transmitted to the payroll system must be made and reflected in the pay period to which the changes apply, when possible, or when not possible, adjusted as soon as possible, preferably in the next pay period.
Such a trade-off would diminish considerably the ability of the police to get at the truth, since jailhouse interrogation in the absence of a lawyer is more likely to "break" a guilty defendant than a courtroom deposition conducted with the assistance of counsel is.
Whereas early memory T cells, identified by the CD45RO +, CD27 +phenotype, have the potential to secrete IL-2 and IFN-γ, these cells cannot produce IL-4 and few produce IFN-γ in the absence of IL-2 [ 17, 19].
0 in the absence of chelator and will precipitate out of solution as [VO(OH) 2 ] n . The rate of precipitation depends on the abundance and affinity of the chelator.
γ-Glu-Cys can serve some of the functions of GSH, and therefore could be advantageous to an organism even in the absence of GshB.
We propose that our chimeric approach can be used to identify Cas binding proteins in mammalian cells in the absence of specific upstream signals normally required for tyrosine phosphorylation of the Cas substrate domain.
Absence of CD4+ T-cell depletion in the GALT of Mamu-A*01 macaques
There was no such difference in CFSE levels for IFNγ-producing cells in the presence or absence of anti-CD81 (Figure 6D).
Mutation of Y6 did not greatly reduce the tyrosine phosphorylation of Rlk, either in the presence or absence of co-expressed Fyn (Fig.
When increasing amounts of HA-NFATp were added to IL-2 DNA in the absence of cJun/cFos, the -45 NFAT site was protected from DNase I digestion, but as expected DNase I digestion of the composite element was unaffected (Figure 2, lanes 1-5).
After an absence of 10 years, she returns accompanied by a plague of robins who coat the town in shit and fall dead from the skies.
Lod scores were calculated using the Fastlink version 3.0 package of programs [ 27 ] , assuming autosomal dominant inheritance with complete penetrance, and a disease incidence of 1 in 1,000,000 births, as described previously [ 7 8 ] . Because of the absence of specific allele frequencies for each of the ethnic groups represented in the study, we assumed ten marker alleles of equal frequency.
Human marrow MSCs express BMP2/4 type I and II receptors as shown in studies employing BMP2 as ligand in the presence or absence of a 100-fold excess of a competitor [ 33].
The effect of extremely deep sedation differs from clinical brain death by the presence of delta waves and the absence of EKG artifacts (Fig 8).
In the absence of damping, the single long-range interaction that persists from one end of the molecule to the other is the electrostatic contribution.
Similar data are also needed for other congenitally deaf children [ 36 ] and in the deaf white cat [ 25 ] . Further work on the recently available mutant mice with specific absence of all hair cells [ 37 ] , outer hair cells in the base [ 38 ] or apex [ 39 ] could further help to clarify the role of hair cells in forming and maintaining afferent and efferent innervation in these model mice.
Other explanations for the absence of an observed effect may be the secular decline in the contaminant load of PCBs and other contaminants in fish [ 40 ] , residual confounding stemming from our inability to control for duration of breastfeeding prior to the index pregnancy [ 41 ] or other unmeasured confounders.
Recombinant HA-tagged NFATp proteins (approximately 500 ng) were incubated with calcineurin (500 ng, Sigma) and calmodulin (200 ng, Sigma) in 21 μl of buffer that had the following final concentrations of components: 7 mM Tris-HCl, 5 mM Hepes (pH 7.6), 90 mM NaCl, 15 mM betamercaptoethanol, 0.3 mM DTT, 1 mM EDTA, 30% (v/v) glycerol, 3 mM MgCl 2 , and 1.5 mM MnCl 2 . Control reactions were performed with NFATp proteins in the absence of added calcineurin and calmodulin.
TN-C knockout mice show decreased accumulation of FN in wounded tissue and this decrease has been hypothesized to be due to disrupted incorporation of FN into the matrix in the absence of TN-C [ 32 33 ] . To determine whether cCAF-induced TN production is involved in the increase in FN observed after cCAF treatment, we used antisense phosphothioated oligonucleotides to inhibit TN production.
The absence of religious faith and norms, on the other hand, might incline someone toward homicide.
In this report, we describe the use of a mutant form of Syk that leads to the constitutive activation of the endogenous wildtype Syk kinase when introduced into B cells - a dominant positive effect - in the absence of detectable tyrosine phosphorylation.
In the absence of more openness, nobody outside the national-security establishment will know how much freedom the secret court structures really cost.
In addition, knowing the presence or absence of a gene can be problematic without the complete genome sequence of an organism (in this case, genomes were known only in Drosophila and Caenorhabditis ). Thus, although suggestive, it is too soon to judge the significance of this sequence signature.
Other explanations for the absence of an IPD phenotype in AKXD28 include: inheritance of an AKR/J modifier gene(s) that suppresses the IPD phenotype, a spontaneous reversion of the ipd mutation in AKXD28 mice, or the spontaneous occurrence and fixation of the ipd mutation in strain D2 after the derivation of the AKXD28 strain.
The absence of any reinforcing visual actually makes the simple message all the more vivid.
Based on our unpublished observations, rat sympathetic neurons that are transfected in the absence of serum show much greater toxicity than those in which 2.5% serum is temporarily added for the transfection process (data not shown).
To determine if Alexa 488-SP could specifically produce a receptor-mediated Ca ++response, the average of the fluorescence signal produced by Alexa 488-SP in the absence of cells was subtracted from the fluorescent signal obtained when Alexa 488-SP was added to SPR-expressing CHO cells.
In the absence of SPARC, expression of transforming growth factor-β1 and type I collagen is down-regulated in kidney mesangial cells [ 15 ] . The expression of cell surface receptor for insulin-like growth factor I in SPARC-null embryonic fibroblasts is also diminished [ 16 ] . Studies with SPARC-null cells have confirmed that SPARC functions in cell proliferation.
Moreover, this innovation may have caused a mass extinction of prokaryotes at that time, as a result of the toxic effects of oxygen, as suggested by the virtual absence of lineages prior to ~2.
Slate received several letters in response to the Oct. 8 absence of "Today's Papers," whose author, Scott Shuger, had fallen ill:
1Breveals, surprisingly, that ERβ bound N-CoR in the absence of hormone and in the presence of agonist ligands (E2, DES) and phytoestrogens (genistein, coumestrol).
If we cannot finitely prestate the observable, “Gertrude’s wings,” then we cannot finitely prestate an operator on Hilbert space to detect the presence or absence of Gertrude’s wings.
In this regard, ERβ differs from ERα, which probably binds ID motifs in a SERM-dependent fashion [ 49 50 ] and shows reduced binding to N-CoR in the presence of estradiol [ 39 ] . ERβ also differs from many other NRs, which either bind N-CoR in the absence of ligand and are released in the presence of ligand or interact with N-CoR in the presence of antagonists but not agonists [ 4 ] .
Although one may argue that, in the absence of CD28, T-cell priming by proteoglycan immunization may be defective.
How, in the absence of specific structures and processes, could the nonequilibrium universe couple that enormous energy to the specific generation of anything at all?
If, in the absence of gamma-tocopherol, 0.5 nmole of alpha-tocopherol were converted to alpha-tocopheryl quinone (and no further catabolism occurred) than this should be recovered in cells.
In the absence of cycloheximide, Sic1 accumulated and Clb2 disappeared as cells exited mitosis (Figure 1, lanes 1-4).
The mean life spans of the different strains in the absence of DOX varied greatly, from 40 to 84 days.
In the presence of gamma-tocopherol, the cellular levels of alpha-tocopheryl quinone were even higher than in its absence (Table 3).
It added, "After all, it is not the absence of an agreement, but the failure to implement it, that brought about the need to meet at Wye Plantation."
3B, upper panel) or in its absence (Fig.
In the absence of p53, no phosphorylation by GSK3β was detected (fig 2).
Furthermore these defects were reversed by the addition of purified SPARC, showing that the defect in cell migration and wound healing was attributable to the absence of SPARC.
The absence of any consistent pattern of heptad hydrophobic repeats indicates that there is little or no α-helical coiled-coil structure in the domain.
Freshly isolated thymocytes were incubated in the presence or the absence of either PMA or cAMP+IBMX.
In the absence of high-resolution mapping, but with astute analysis of human and mouse sequence data, Sac was identified almost simultaneously by several groups as the gene for the T1R3 receptor [ 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47].
Total post-Ficoll un-fractionated thymocytes were incubated in the presence or the absence of 10 nM PMA and/or 0.1 mM cAMP + 1 mM of the phosphodiesterase inhibitor isobutylemthylxnthine (IBMX).
The ability of a number of tetrapyrroles to inhibit virus replication was determined in CV-1 cells infected with the WR strain in the absence of compounds.
In the absence of RF, the presence of one or more of these antibodies carried a sensitivity of only 31% for RF- RA, with anti-Sa being the most specific at 98%.
3) His absence helps former Sen.
Additionally, we have given careful attention to appropriate selection of controls [ 27 ] . The controls are concurrently enrolled at the same centers as are the patients, and controls are also screened for a medical history of stroke or transient ischemic attack and for the presence of symptoms of stroke or transient ischemic attack which may have occurred in the absence of a corresponding medical history.
Although an obvious decrease in receptor levels in the presence of Siah1a was not detected (figure 3), it is possible that introduction of high levels of Siah1a changed the rate of mGluR degradation such that a new equilibrium was reached with lower levels of active receptor than in the absence of Siah1a.
By increasing the understanding of risks, risk assessments (1) improved business managers' ability to make decisions on controls needed, in the absence of quantified risk assessment results, and (2) engendered support for policies and controls adopted, thus helping to ensure that policies and controls would operate as intended.
In the absence of Rec12 protein and crossovers, a backup distributive (achiasmatic) segregation system operates successfully on up to half of the chromosomes that would otherwise undergo MI nondisjunction.
Regardless of the timing of recording T&A data, management must have in place a system of control techniques that gives reasonable assurance that the recorded information reflects time worked, leave taken, or other absences.
Employees who are paid regardless of their presence or absence and who do not accrue leave under 5 U.S.C.
In a past study [ 11 ] , the differences in NGF-promoted gene expression revealed by SAGE analysis of our libraries were found to be highly reliable based on 1) the absence of regulation shown by a number of anticipated "housekeeping" genes including β-actin, 2) the observation that the vast majority of transcripts were not responsive to NGF, 3) the detection of anticipated changes in expression of a number transcripts previously reported to be NGF responsive, and 4) the agreement in relative expression of 20 genes as revealed by SAGE and northern blot analyses.
Treatment with 4-AP (2 mM) also diminished progesterone accumulation on days 1 and 2 post-treatment in GC cultures maintained in the defined serum-free media in the presence and absence of FSH.
Several candidates took shots at Bush for his absence.
SPTRREAL is composed of 3,687 D. melanogaster sequences from the SWISS-PROT and TrEMBL protein databases [ 31] and provides a curated protein-sequence database with a high level of annotation, a minimal level of redundancy and the absence of any hypothetical or computational gene models.
First it uses interval cancers to estimate fatality rates following cancer diagnosis in the absence of screening.
In the absence of ligand, the S77A RARα mutant inhibited AP-1 activity from this construct by 50%, similar to treatment with 1 μM all trans RA (Fig.
We analyzed the relationship between CO 2 exposure in the previous week and absence in the current week using a generalized additive mixed model [ 19 ] with a logit link.
The 1992 score, 58 percent, is entirely attributable to five absences; Gore didn't cast a single "anti-environment" vote that year, but there were only 12 LCV-scored votes.
Alternatively, the absence of signal transduction in the presence of Syk activity may be related to its ability to interact with its downstream targets.
The use of that word, in the absence of either direct or indirect quotations from aides, raises a host of issues: Were those aides really so unsophisticated as to reveal such a politically loaded emotion in front of a reporter?
The Copper-phenanthroline footprint assay was performed essentially by using the protocol described by Kuwabara et al [ 29 ] . The DNA-protein gel is run in the absence of free radical scavengers as described in gel retardation assay.
That makes it easier just to assume success in the absence of complete disaster.
By definition, in the absence of epistasis, selection against a deleterious mutation is constant for all values of the fitness potential.
Other markers of systemic inflammation or autoimmunity did not correlate with the presence or absence of LFT abnormalities.
A summary of the differences in the molecular status and cell cycle profile between TM10 and TM2H cell lines before SAHA treatment are summarized in Table 1. These differences in p21 protein and BrdU index were predicted based on p53 status of these two cell lines and are in parallel with other reports on mammary tumors, where the absence of p53 results primarily in greater proliferation response in the affected cell [ 42].
In equation (2), an OR = 1 for each of the N C 2 (number of ways in which we can select 2 out of N) pairs of members within a house indicates the absence of clustering of disease within the family.
Although staining was relatively spare in all sections, complete absence of any labeling near vessels was apparent in the control Lifr -/- spinal cord (Figure 2B).
Other investigators reported that at those concentrations endostatin and ATF induced responses of tumours and metastases in mice [ 31 32 ] . The absence of a response in our tumour model might be due to a lower sensitivity to angiostatic agents.
It has been shown that increasing amounts of Ang-2 can block the chemotactic activity of Ang-1 in endothelial cells [ 21 ] . Ang-2 alone did not stimulate corneal neovascularization, but the combination of Ang-2 and VEGF resulted in longer vessels with greater circumferential extent than those seen with VEGF alone [ 9 ] . This suggests that Ang-2 expression in the absence of VEGF leads to vessel regression, whereas expression of Ang-2 in the presence of VEGF potentiates angiogenesis.
After C3 electroporation, HPB-ALL were allowed to spread on VCAM-1 for 1 hour, and TRITC-phalloidin staining demonstrated the complete absence of fine filopodial structures.
Barth syndrome, a cause of 3-MGC aciduria and cardiomyopathy, would be an unlikely diagnosis in our patient primarily due to absence of symptoms in female carriers secondary to presumed skewing of X-inactivation and lack of growth retardation and neutropenia.
In contrast, the absence of super-orthologs does not imply that a function for a query sequence cannot be inferred (in the two proteomes analyzed in this work, most sequences appear to have no super-orthologs in Pfam 6.6).
The first obvious tactic is to collect sequences that may represent interesting biological features and to search the genomic sequence in order to discover the presence or absence of similar sequences.
Pooled populations of antisense BRCA1 BG-1 colonies were examined for growth in the absence or presence of supplemented estrogen.
48 h later, various concentrations of testerone were added in the absence or presence of 100 nM RA.
The Administrator shall adjust the foregoing calculation to reflect projected calendar year 1995 utilization of the units subject to the emissions limitations of this subpart that the Administrator finds would have occurred in the absence of the imposition of such requirements.
Sucrase-isomaltase deficiency is a rare autosomal recessive disorder in which there is complete absence of sucrase and most of the maltase digestive activity.
The core of Colicchio and Imperioli's original screenplay was likely Vinnie's Judas turn with Ritchie (Adrien Brody), his neighborhood buddy who returns after an absence with spiked hair and the news that he's playing with a punk band at CBGB's.
Null mutation of LIFR results in neonatal death and defects in many systems including absence of glial cells, osteoporosis, glycogen hyper-synthesis, placental defects [ 31 ] and loss of motor neuronal subsets that cripple suckling ability [ 32 ] . In all of the systems affected as a biological consequence of LIFR loss, an explanation of the mechanism of action can be designed around direct action of LIFR in each system.
Suspension categories specific to violence included fighting, classroom disruption, as well as other categories involving high-risk behaviors such as illegal absences, disregarding commands, excessive tardies and leaving campus without permission.
Controls consisted of sections incubated with preimmune serum or in the absence of primary antibody; controls were routinely negative.
While there are several lines of evidence to suggest that the immune system, or its absence, plays a role in MCMV reactivation from latency [ 34 35 ] the mechanism is not known.
In Slate, Brent Staples finds that the novel's "absence of workaday and historical detail keeps the reader at a distance; many of Morrison's characters are impenetrable to the mind's eye."
It scans nucleotide sequence data for putative LTR pairs, aligns the putative pairs, and scores them on the basis of the presence/absence of expected motifs such as TSRs, canonical dinucleotides, PBS, PPT, and so on.
Absence of the γ 1 subunit slows inactivation and produces a depolarizing shift in the Ca 2+current inactivation vs. voltage curve, in agreement with results from an independently produced γ 1 knockout mouse [ 20].
Tumor stage is the most significant prognostic parameter for 5-year survival, but even patients with non-small cell lung cancer (non-SCLC) in pathologic stage IA disease (a tumor of less than 3 cm diameter located in one lobe of the lung and more than 2 cm from the carina without visceral pleural involvement, atelectasis, or pneumonitis, and absence of metastatic spread to regional lymph nodes) have a 33% chance of recurrence within 5 years after complete surgical resection (lobectomy with mediastinal lymph node dissection) [ 2].
In the absence of that, a woman's promise to take charge of birth control and then not doing so remains the only form of monetary fraud Today's Papers can think of that is not only not punished, but is in fact regularly rewarded.
Transient transfection of a Wg expression plasmid activated LEF-dependent transcription 34-fold; this result was not changed by co-transfection with an Arr plasmid (which also had no effect in the absence of Wg), implying either that Arr levels were not limiting or that Arr was not required for Wg effects.
White colonies arise from bacteria that contain a plasmid with a promoter that is inactive in the absence of the transcriptional regulator.
Second, the tet-on system is sometimes leaky, meaning that at certain genomic locations there can be significant expression of the tet-on promoter in the absence of DOX [ 33].
Except for the magnitude, the SR Ca 2+release signal expressed by fs-α 1S was entirely typical of skeletal myotubes with sigmoidal voltage-dependence, proceeding in the absence of external Ca 2+and requiring RyR1.
His absence of hands-on experience with our current criminal-justice system--his lack of feel for how it actually works--puts him at a perceptible disadvantage when seeking to strike this exquisitely delicate balance.
The absence of myelin-associated neurite-growth inhibitors might have been expected to increase neurite growth on md corpus callosum.
Briefly, cultured normal mouse osteoblasts were infected with S. aureus in the presence or absence of anti-TRAIL polyclonal antibody as described above or stimulated with cychloheximide (10 μg/ml).
By sequestering this negative regulator, expression of the mutant Syk molecules gives rise to the activation of the endogenous wildtype protein in the absence of specific stimulation, leading to a constitutively active Syk phenotype.
In the absence of serum, GR-GFP localized throughout the cells, with equal intensity in both the nucleus and cytoplasm (Fig.
This mutation has also been detected in clinical isolates from patients immunocompromised [ 12 ] or with AIDS [ 19 ] as well as resistant HSV selected in tissue culture [ 15 18 ] . Interestingly, this mutation was present in ACV rclinical isolates obtained during reactivation in the absence of drug pressure, as well as in ACV rstrains which evolved during ACV therapy and were followed by ACV-susceptible isolates at the next reactivation [ 19 ] .
The Federal Trade Commission said the current absence of labels implies "that cigars are a safe alternative to cigarettes."
MCF7-4EBP-1-5A cells were cultured in the presence or absence of pon A (10 mM) for 48 hours.
Thus, BMPs 6, 7, and 60A stimulate dendritic growth in cultured sympathetic neurons derived from either perinatal or adult ganglia in the absence of effects on cell survival or axonal growth [ 15 16 17 ] . BMP-7 has also been shown to enhance dendritic growth in hippocampal, cortical and spinal motor neurons [ 18 19 20 ] .
The first six cohorts of males contained an insertion of the rtTA construct called rtTA(3)E2 that is associated with moderate levels of target-gene expression and low levels of leaky expression in the absence of DOX [ 33].
Physicians rated hepatitis C health states using a visual analog scale where 0% represented death and 100% corresponded to life without hepatitis C. We designated life without hepatitis C as the highest preference value and assessed preferences for the health state hepatitis C with No Symptoms, No cirrhosis because the psychological impact of having a disease can effect health status in the absence of physical symptoms.
Even though most of the ocular serovars also had a potentially functional TrpEb, none of them would presumably utilize indole in vivo because of the absence of a full-length TrpEa.
The lack of improvement of tidal flow indices of airflow obstruction in the present study may be because of a true absence of bronchodilation in these patients, or because these indices are not sensitive enough to detect bronchodilation if one existed.
These studies provide evidence that plant myosins bind calmodulin in the absence of Ca 2+and are active when calmodulin is bound and inactivated when the Ca 2+concentration is increased.
This result is in contrast with our previous study, which showed that greater than 95% of biotinylated Ad5.CMV-LacZ, prepared under the same conditions, can be readily captured on streptavidin-coated microbeads [ 10 ] . Thus, the relatively low immobilization efficiency of biotinylated Ad5.CMV-LacZ on the surface of streptavidin-coated wells is not attributable to the absence of accessible biotin moieties on the surfaces of a fraction of viral particles or the presence of unreacted biotinylation reagent in the biotinylated Ad5.CMV-LacZ preparations.
Troyanovich and Harrison [ 33 ] pointed out that in spite of the common perception or belief that motion tests are valid and reliable for assessment of presence or absence of restricted vertebral motion, there was no evidence to support this concept.
4Bfurther confirmed that a Ca 2+transient of similar shape and magnitude was observed in a fs-α 1S transfected myotube in the absence of external Ca 2+.
In summary, here we describe the use of a mutant Syk construct to produce a dominant-positive effect on endogenous Syk activation in the absence of BCR engagement.
Control experiments were carried out in the absence of thrombin.
A valid cause-and-effect design-that is, one with internal validity-rules out alternative explanations of results by comparing what happened with an intervention to what happened in the absence of the intervention.
Sensitivity (ability of the test to identify presence of pain in subjects reporting pain symptoms) was 82% and specificity (ability of the test to identify the absence of pain in asymptomatic subjects) was 79%, the PPV was 62% and NPV was 91%.
All introns that originally showed no or low splicing in vitro (including Th3P6) could not rescue bacteria either in the presence or absence of theophylline.
In fact, the localization pattern of α i2 after 4 h incubation with ALLN (Figure 7E) is similar to the observed localization of sα i2 in the absence or presence of ALLN treatment (Figure 7B, 7D, and 7F).
Imagine if Michael Lasky, the former racing handicapper who ran Inphomation into the ground, had seen two years ago that margins were going to decline, that in the absence of any professional requirements more and more psychics would be entering the market, that the time for infomercials had passed, and that the Psychic Friends brand name had hit its peak.
The ability to correctly identify these major bacterial subdivisions and the absence of obviously wrong groupings confer credibility to non-trivial clades present in these trees, in particular the spirochete-chlamydia clade.
Endogenous oscillators or clocks capable of sustained oscillation through multiple cycles control such rhythms in the absence of external cues [ 1, 2].
In the absence of crossover recombination (chiasmata) and a backup distributive (achiasmatic) system for chromosome segregation, MI nondisjunction should occur and 100% of any resulting diploid spore colonies would be heterozygous for centromere linked markers (Figure 5B).
While further analysis might uncover phenotypes associated with this hypomorphic mutation, detailed examination of either cells or mice seemed unjustified in the absence of any greater effect on gene expression.
A reference standard is the best available independently established test/procedure used to determine the presence or absence of a phenomenon.
In the absence of legitimate campaign issues, he predicts, this could become a relative biggie.
The upshot is that the absence of malice in the case is less obvious than ordinary language would suggest.
Decreased BRCA1 levels appeared to affect the ability of BG-1 cells to arrest growth or die in the absence of estrogenic growth-inducing conditions.
As shown in Figure 1, if Assumption 1 did not hold, PSE would estimate the cancer incidence rate in the absence of screening as q 
The generation of Hoxc-8 transgenic mice and the characterization of their phenotype have been published [ 1 ] . Briefly, Hoxc-8 expressing mice are generated in a binary transgenic mouse system [ 44 ] by crossing a transactivator strain (harboring a transgene in which expression of the transcriptional transactivator VP16 is under control of the Hoxc-8 promoter; [ 45 ] ) to a transresponder strain (that carries as a transgene the Hoxc-8 cDNA linked to the ICP4 immediate early gene promoter, which is silent in mice in the absence of VP16; [ 45 46 ] ). Upon combination of both transgenes, the Hoxc-8 transresponder transgene is activated, and Hoxc-8 becomes overexpressed [ 23 ] . This system also allows the generation of transgenic mice with increased gene dosage by superimposition of transgene loci to homozygosity [ 23 44 ] . For the studies reported here, we used the T239 transactivator and the IE-c8-254 transresponder strains.
But those anxious bunnies Binky and Bongo and their sidekicks, the deadpan fez wearers Akbar and Jeff, are conspicuous (to me, anyway) in their absence.
The wound in a monolayer of SPARC-null fibroblasts, whether cultured in the presence of mitomycin C or in its absence, remained unrepaired at 15 hours, began to show slight closure at 24 hours and healed by 48 hours (Fig.
Physiological experiments can also be used to characterize heterochromatin-binding proteins [ 45 ] . For example, absence of Swi6 in fission yeast sensitizes cells to thiabendazole (TBZ), a microtubule depolymerizing drug [ 46 ] . Presumably this occurs because absence of Swi6 disrupts centromeric heterochromatin and, as a result, sensitizes cells to drugs that compromise spindle function.
However, this chemokine is also able to chemoattract fibroblasts and accelerate their migration in the absence of these molecules, strongly suggesting that it contributes to fibroblast movement independently of the deposition of these ECM molecule.
Given the absence of available tools for visualization of tumor gene expression patterns on a broad scale, we devised a classification system called "Functional Taxonomy" that categorizes genes according to various functional attributes of the proteins they encode.
6Dshows that fs-α 1S M701I was abundantly expressed in myotubes in the absence or presence of the C-terminal fragment.
Examples of donor-acceptor combinations might include: simple sugars and/or amino acids or other organic molecules in the presence of oxygen or nitrate (organisms capable of heterotrophic respiration), hydrogen and ferric ions or oxidized iron minerals (chemoautotrophic hydrogen oxidizers), organic acids and ferric ions or oxidized iron minerals (heterotrophic iron reducers), bicarbonate/carbonate and trace minerals in the presence and absence of light (photosynthetic organisms), carbon dioxide and a reduced metal such as ferrous ions (chemoautotrophs), ammonium ion and bicarbonate/carbonate (ammonia oxidizers), etc.
The demonstration of S1 nuclease-sensitive sites within the type 2 viral genome overlapping the tk coding region, and the absence of such sites in the type 1 viral genome, suggest that local topology may be different between these HSV-1 and HSV-2.
In particular, LIFR null mutation remains a neonatal lethal with associated osteopenia and an absence of glial cells in late gestation, as described below.
Elsewhere in the same paper, however, writer Zvi Bar'el sounded a more negative note: "In the absence of precise intelligence, the administration has ...
On the βRARE, for example, the RXR agonist might bind, but not increase transactivation beyond that observed in the absence of ligands.
The absence of signaling in the presence of constitutive enzymatic activity described for Syk in different systems implies that execution of the Syk-dependent step in this signaling cascade is a multi-step process.
Although this possibility is inconsistent with the absence of CO1 signal at the vacuolar boundary (Fig.
Our experiments lead us to conclude that in the absence of lateral inhibition the time during which neighboring cells can replace a missing cell is transient.
Because folliculogenesis in the murine proceeds to the preovulatory stage in the absence of BMP-6 [ 30 ] , BMP-15 [ 15 ] , and BMPR-IB [ 31 ] , one can assume that the marked increases in these regulatory molecules are not essential for the development of a second layer of GC.
A smooth term for time was included to control for unexplained trends in absence and the seasonality of absence.
But what is so desirable about the absence of bias--and of the informed speculation that might have led to that bias?
What was less understandable was the absence of Cecil Moore.
Gel shift assays were performed either in the absence or in the presence of increasing amount of ATP in the reaction mixture (Fig.
The results implicate excess fetal GC response in late gestation as the reason for the multi-systemic phenotypes in the absence of LIFR.
As expected, lymphoblasts derived from the TRMA patient showed no high affinity thiamine transport as revealed by thiamine uptake being the same in the absence and presence of excess unlabelled thiamine.
In the absence of any knowledge of what to expect, most researchers simply draw a line at a given fold-change and examine whatever is above it.
In the absence of IfkA, eIF2α phosphorylation does not increase, resulting in inefficient translation of countin and perhaps other mRNAs.
But there was no effect on binding and uptake of iron siderophore complex in absence of monoclonal antibodies or with control sera (Fig.
In the absence of a clear answer--of a clear anything--he raises his rifle and shoots.
The WP asserts that after the debate the five attending politicians blasted Bush by arguing that his absence from the stage was an affront to voters.
Testis sections on the corpus slides were used as positive controls and showed the same color pattern as the epididymis for the presence and absence of the signal (data not shown).
In the absence of malign government intervention, there will emerge what he calls "spontaneous order."
Fortunately, as we discuss, if progressive detection is violated, the estimated detection rate in the absence of screening is an upper bound and this can lead to useful estimates.
Cells were washed 3 times with DMEM + 0.5% BSA, then resuspended at 1 × 10 5cells/ml in DMEM + 0.5% BSA, in the absence or presence of 25 μM III1-C or 25 μM III 11-C in the medium.
In quantum mechanics, an observable corresponds to a mathematical operator that “projects out” the subspace of Hilbert space corresponding to the desired observable in a classical measurement context that allows detection of the presence or absence of the observable.
Information on absences which affect pay should be compiled each pay period and be transmitted to the payroll system.
Although bacteria-like Meloidogyne genes that are not present in C. elegans and Drosophila comprise a preliminary pool of candidates, multiple gene loss may be responsible for the presence/absence pattern revealed by the filter.
Appropriate pairs of gene and element primers were used to detect the presence or absence of the respective retrotransposon inserts associated with each gene in strains representing 12 geographically dispersed populations of D. melanogaster . The results presented in Figure 2and Table 1demonstrate that while the Burdock insertion located just 3' to cathD gene is not present in any of 12 strains representing a geographically diverse sampling of natural populations, the Antonia LTR fragment located in the intron of the heterochromatic Cht3 gene is fixed in all 12 strains tested.
Nontypeable Haemophilus influenzae is an important human respiratory tract pathogen [ 1 2 3 4 ] . The bacterium causes acute otitis media as established by pure culture of the organism from middle ear fluid during disease [ 5 6 7 8 9 ] . In addition, nontypeable H. influenzae has been implicated as a cause of otitis media with effusion, which refers to the presence of fluid in the middle ear in the absence of acute symptoms.
5Cand 5D, previously summarized in [ 27 ] ). Both the reactivation of E82's GFP-COP1 transgene expression as well as suppression of endogene silencing were maintained for up to four additional generations in the absence of C73 in hemizygous and homozygous families, while C73 remained silenced (Fig.
In initial studies, both cell lines were cultured in the absence or presence of 0.1, 2.5, 5.0, and 10 μM SAHA for 6 days.
The major conclusion of this assessment is that agricultural production activities, in the absence of conservation techniques and practices, can have serious environmental impacts.
Interestingly, RSV infection of HEp-2 cells also led to the formation of actin stress fibers and activation of the small cellular GTPase RhoA, a modulator of actin filamentation [ 14 15 16 17 ] . Inhibition of RhoA or its interaction with F resulted in the inhibition of syncytium as well as stress fiber formation and the second cycle of infection [ 14 ] . Recombinant F also activated RhoA in the absence of any other viral protein [ 17 ] . Based on these results, it was inferred that stress fiber formation might be important in some aspects of RSV infection, such as virus spread, elaboration of cytokines from infected cells, and contraction of airway muscles that promotes asthma.
Any phylogenetic information retained in the sequences is not utilized beyond the presence or absence decision based on a single expectation value cut-off.
The optimal primer concentrations for the reference and target genes in the final PCR reaction were determined, and both dissociation curves (ABI Dissociation Curves version 1.0 software; Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA, USA) and agarose gel electrophoretic analyses were applied to confirm the specificity of PCR products and to check for the presence of primer-dimer formations in the absence of a template.
Then-Defense Secretary Perry said last year, "With the new technical challenges of providing stewardship of the stockpile in the absence of underground testing, this is not a time to be fundamentally restructuring the management of these activities."
These experiments showed that both F-box proteins, in the absence of their respective heterooligomerization partner, could individually bind to Pip1p in complexes that also contained Psh1p and Pcu1p (Fig.
5. In the absence of LIFR, muscle atrophy may be caused by GC induced alteration of metabolism, which leads to glycogen accumulation, inhibition of protein synthesis and stimulation of protein degradation [ 67 68 ] . Because low levels of RU486 can fully protect Lifr -/- fetal muscle from the late gestation GC surge, the balance between hormone function and muscle integrity appears both delicate and direct.
Daly is taking a leave of absence in the hope that the dispute will blow over.
My suspicion is that the absence of private capital proves that stadiums are not a good deal except for the select few on the inside who are subsidized by other people's money.
There is, of course, also a difference between complete absence of a protein and a protein with an altered sequence.
The paper said, "For Mr Putin, in the absence of any rivals at home, the Chechens are now his most serious opposition in the campaign ahead."
ATP and ionomycin treatment in the absence of anisomycin only weakly increased p38 phosphorylation.
This is so because we cannot extrapolate from transcriptome to proteome to activated proteins with any accuracy (in the absence of actual steady-state measures), and because in these experiments time is necessarily cross-sectional, not longitudinal.
These studies indicate that PP5 participates in the regulation of GR nucleocytoplasmic shuttling, and that the suppression of PP5 expression results in the nuclear accumulation of GR in the absence of hormone.
This is a curious story: It is hard news reported almost as if it were a trend, and it is pegged partly to its own absence in the very newspaper in which it now appears.
Indeed, the Affymetrix GeneChip ®array was able to detect this very low transcript level in the absence of eukaryotic background.
Stably-transfected HeLa cells expressing GFP-NFAT [ 38] were grown on glass coverslips to approximately 30% confluency and either left untreated or treated with, ISIS 15534, or ISIS 15521 (a mismatched oligonucleotide control for ISIS 15534) in the absence of serum as described above.
Perhaps the cloak-and-dagger ambience and absence of an advocate for the surveillance target persuade otherwise skeptical judges to give credence to government security claims.
But the absence of workaday and historical detail keeps the reader at a distance; many of Morrison's characters are impenetrable to the mind's eye.
Stable transfectants were selected in 400 mg/ml G418 over a period of 4 weeks and subsequently maintained in the absence of G418 in normal growth medium.
In the absence of cognate hormone, several nuclear receptors actively repress transcription of target genes via interactions with the nuclear receptor corepressors SMRT and NCoR.
3B, lower panel) as compared to 48 hours in its absence (Fig.
In the absence of PMA, overexpression of PLD2 alone increased intracellular ACh levels by 26% and choline concentrations in the medium by 57%.
This last observation, indicating the absence of cooperativity or competition amongst LN1 induced aggregates, invites the question of whether the results of laminin stimulation can be explained by simple mass action effects of increased receptor expression.
In our expression system, the presence of a dimer was seen even in the absence of capsaicin.
[ 3H]-adenine-labeled cells were assayed for cAMP accumulation after incubation at 37°C for 40 min. in the presence of 1 mM 3-isobutyl-1-methylxanthine (IBMX) a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, and in the presence or absence of 7.5 ng/mL human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), as described previously.
To determine if the upper bound is reasonable, we estimated its value using data from screened subjects in randomized trials of colorectal cancer screening [ 12 13 ] , breast cancer screening [ 14 ] , and lung cancer screening [ 15 16 ] . We then compared this estimate to a modified PSE estimate using data from all subjects, so that estimates of age-specific cancer detection in the absence of screening and cancer mortality in the absence of screening are based on data from randomized controls and refusers.
In the absence of active treatment, the majority of patients continued to have a gastric ulcer at the end of the trial.
However, this subgroup is characterized by the absence of clinical manifestations observed in 1°SS, and the absence of anti-Ro and anti-La [ 35 ] .
Patients with cutaneous and hepatic A-GVHD frequently have apoptosis in their colon biopsies, without any intestinal symptoms [ 4 ] . This may represent sub-clinical intestinal A-GVHD if the apoptosis is observed in relation to the crypts [ 10 ] . If other findings (Table 4) are present in the absence of crypt apoptosis, it may represent evidence of past A-GVHD or due to other etiologic factors such as chronic infections and inflammatory bowel disease.
The absence or reduced expression of nmt55/p54 nrbmay be attributed to the regulation of mRNA expression, protein processing of a specific functional domain or the presence of a heterogeneous population of nmt55/p54 nrbisoforms which may not be immunodetected by monoclonal antibody NMT-1.
APC mutations have been identified in medulloblastoma cell lines and up to 4% of sporadic medulloblastomas [ 16 17 ] . Furthermore, point mutations or small deletions in β- catenin exon 3 have been identified in 5-10% of sporadic medulloblastomas and in supratentorial primitive neuroectodermal tumors (PNETs) [ 17 18 19 ] . Finally, large deletions in AXIN were recently found in 12% of sporadic medulloblastomas [ 20 ] . In the absence of Wnt signaling β-catenin is sequestered in the cytoplasm, and nuclear translocation of β-catenin has been used to monitor activation of the Wnt pathway in a number of different tumor types.
, by decreasing RARα phosphorylation) and that in the absence of ligand, hypophosphorylated RARα can mimic the molecular and cellular changes associated with retinoid treatment.
Treatment with 4-AP (2 mM) decreased progesterone accumulation in the media of serum-supplemented GC cultures at 24 h and 48 h post-treatment, in the presence and absence of FSH (Figure 1).
The effects of 4-AP in serum-supplemented GC cultures are consistent with previous reports that antagonism of voltage-sensitive K +currents can modulate basal and gonadotropin-stimulated progesterone accumulation in the absence of any effect on cell growth or death.
Increased pituitary ACTH indicates that, in the absence of LIFR, pituitary ACTH could still be induced.
Parallel analyses looking at the effect of smoking on the risk of RA were performed in subgroups of patients defined by presence or absence of RF as well as all patients with RA (Tables 2and 3).
In the absence of selection, approximately 50% of the strains should have inherited B alleles at each marker.
TMPRED analysis suggests that absence of exon 10D abrogates the sixth transmembrane domain but does not affect the 11 remaining transmembrane segments.
Each experiment had two possible outcomes: either the observed expression pattern or the absence thereof was consistent with the available data, or there was a discrepancy indicating failure at some point and that the experiment needs to be repeated.
These results were more dramatic when CD45RO +cells were first isolated, by magnetic bead separation, and then subjected to 7 d stimulation by anti-CD3, in the presence or absence of 5A6 anti-CD81 mAb.
In the absence of another plausible mechanism by which RF radiation could cause damage, they say that cell phones should be presumed safe.
In the absence of pon A an ecdysone receptor/VP16 fusion protein actively represses the promoter leading to very low basal levels of expression.
Also, philosopher Amartya Sen argues that the idea of "Asian values"--collective identity, absence of individual rights--is bunkum.
PSE requires estimates of age-specific cancer incidence for the following types of cancer detection: type F , detection on the first screening; type I , detection in the interval between screenings; type S , detection on screening subsequent to the first; and type A , detection in the absence of screening.
For the 4629 probe sets that passed the presence / absence filter, the expression ratios (mean value in old group / mean value in young group) generated by the signal method and those generated by the ratio method were highly correlated (r = 0.89).
BDM showed no effect on ATP hydrolysis in the absence of myosin.
( Vanity Fair reports that Peter actually was abandoned by his mother, too; he was raised by his grandmother during Harrer's absence.
Differentiation is dependent on an initial, 3-5 day incubation as multicellular aggregates in suspension culture, in the presence of drug, followed by a similar period growing as monolayer adherent cells in the absence of drug.
Except for this amount of fluid and for prelacteal feed, the absence of previous complementary foods (or supplementary fluids totalling more than the above weekly amount) since birth was demanded as proof of exclusive breastfeeding.
That the correlation coefficient never approaches unity is also consistent with the previous work - in general it has been found that AChR aggregates contain α-DG, but visible concentrations of α-DG can be found in the absence of AChRs.
[ 13 14 ] Here we test the hypothesis that specific human KIT mutations might be a cause of spontaneous premature ovarian failure even in the absence of detectable disorders of pigmentation or hematopoesis.
LIF and CNTF stimulate muscle regeneration in vivo [ 62 63 ] , as do other growth factors; such as insulin-like growth factor [ 64 65 ] . The power of LIF to regenerate muscle is seen in dystrophin null mdx mice, where exogenous LIF regenerates atrophied diaphragm muscle [ 66 ] . LIF induced signaling appears to be essential in muscle development as seen by muscle atrophy in the absence of LIFR on E18.
wtPAI-1 and mutants were incubated with four molar excess of thrombin (40 nM) in the absence or presence of vitronectin (30 nM).
OMP profiles of A. baumannii grown in CDM-Fe and CDM+Fe were compared on SDS-PAGE and it was seen that in absence of iron, bacteria developed 4 new outer membrane proteins which were absent in iron replete conditions.
This method provides for the selection of optimal haplotype-tagging SNPs even in the absence of a clear haplotypic block structure.
Two of the Meloidogyne genes revealed by our filters, which encode an L-threonine aldolase gene (MI01644) and a deduced protein of unknown function (MI00109), exhibit striking amino-acid identity to rhizobial proteins (48% and 51% respectively), but a complete absence of meaningful homology with any eukaryotic sequence (Table 3).
Note: the presence/absence of the oligo dT primer does not affect the RT and labeling efficiency.
Finally, target site deletions can occur; therefore, sequence boundaries for some L1 insertions cannot be determined computationally in the absence of the pre-integration target [ 14, 31, 32].
Unlawful lock-outs or evictions are often timed to coincide with brief absences, and may ripen while an alien is out of the country visiting relatives.
Initial results showed that CAR is an apparently constitutive transactivator able to activate gene expression in the absence of exogenously added ligands [ 8 9 ] . The first CAR ligands identified, androstanol and androstenol, are inverse agonists that block this constitutive transactivation [ 10 ] . More recently, it has been found that CAR mediates the characteristic response of a subset of drug metabolizing enzymes to a variety of structurally unrelated foreign compounds [ 11 ] . These xenobiotic activators are referred to as "phenobarbital (PB) - like," based on the prototypic effects of the anti-epileptic agent on drug metabolism [ 12 13 14 ] . The most potent activator of murine CAR is the high affinity agonist ligand TCPOBOP (1,4-bis [2-(3,5-dichloropyridyloxy)]benzene) [ 15 16 ] .
Incubations were carried out in the presence or absence of 5 μg/ml purified 5A6 anti-human CD81 mAb.
Elimination of the hyaloid vessels proceeds by programmed cell death in both human [ 45 ] and mouse eyes [ 33 35 ] . Furthermore, this death of endothelial cells and pericytes does not occur in the absence of macrophages.
5Bshows that LcrG expression blocked secretion in this strain in the presence of calcium and allowed secretion in its absence (Fig.
It is likely that, in the absence of NF-κB's negative regulation, Smad7 signaling is upregulated, thereby sensitizing cells to apoptosis.
In a front-page editorial in Sunday's La Repubblica titled "The Crisis of the Lame Ducks," the paper's founder and former Editor Eugenio Scalfari attributed the world's financial crisis to the absence everywhere of political leadership.
Temporarily suspending legal representation during a client's absence by seeking a continuance is not a viable alternative to formally withdrawing from the case.
The long term retention of afferents in the cochlear apex in the absence of any apparent differentiation of hair cells raises hopes for cochlear implants in deaf-born children.
As the historian Daniel Jonah Goldhagen has written, what is striking among Holocaust survivors was, in fact, the relative absence of avenging actions.
Total absence of humor, remarked Colette, Renders life impossible.
Moreover, since channel function did not appear to be affected by the absence of glycosylation (Figure 3), it appears that glycosylation at this site is not essential for correct folding and targeting of the protein to the plasma membrane.
A few factors might contribute to the absence of adjusted p values at that significance level.
The time is 1977: After a five-year absence, Toni visits Chris at his suburban London row house.
In the end, though, I think Morris' real problem is that he doesn't understand American politics well enough, and doesn't know enough American history, to be able to make sense of Reagan in anything but personal terms--and that in the absence of an accessible personal story he was left, in effect, with nothing.
In the absence of epistasis, a fitness function is an exponential function that depends on a single additive variable called fitness potential [ 68, 69, 70, 71].
For each blood sample, a non-activated control was prepared in which the PBMC were incubated in the absence of activators (anti-CD3 and PMA), and then examined by flow cytometry.
NRs generally interact with the corepressors N-CoR and SMRT either in the absence of ligand, or in the presence of receptor antagonists, and agonists promote corepressor release [ 4 ] . In this study, we demonstrated that ERβ binds to N-CoR in the presence of ER agonists such as estradiol and DES and the phytoestrogens genistein and coumestrol, but not in the presence of SERMs.
Size distribution of annexin V-binding MP released from HUVEC after proapoptotic stimulation was similar to that of endothelial MP found in blood [ 1 ] . The small size and the absence of nucleic acids indicate that the analyzed MP are different from apoptotic bodies formed in the terminal stage of apoptosis.
Least forgivable of all was the omission of Allen Walker Read's 1934 classic An Obscenity Symbol, the most important article ever written on fuck , despite the absence of that word from the article itself (a not uncommon situation in the field, I might add).
Absence of cell death in angle development
Whereas all tab mutants tested were able to bypass cdc15Δ in the absence of HCT1 and two ( net1 tab 2-1and CDC14 TAB 6-1) were able to bypass cdc15Δ in the absence of either SIC1 or HCT1, four tab mutants ( tab1-1, tab3-1, TAB5-1, and TAB7-1 ) failed to bypass in the absence of SIC1 (Table 3).
Given these considerations, and in the absence of clinical data, diuretics cannot be recommended to prevent ATN.
E15 SMG primordia were cultured for 2 days in the presence or absence of the cell-permeable peptide SN50, a potent inhibitor of NF-κB nuclear translocation [ 33 34 35 ] . SN50 is composed of a nuclear localization sequence (NLS) for NF-κB p50 linked to a cell-permeable carrier [ 33 34 35 ] . SN50 blocks the intracellular recognition mechanism for the NLS on NF-κB, thus inhibiting NF-κB's translocation through the nuclear pore.
4), thus indicating that m.nocturnin does not interact with hCAF1 or hPOP2, as expected from the absence of an LRR domain in this protein.
A unique feature of GCTs is their origin from germ cells at a stage in development where they undergo epigenetic reprogramming [ 6 13 ] . The absence of this epigenetic modification in SGCTs is consistent with their GC-like nature as previously noted [ 6 14 ] . On the other hand, the extensive promoter hypermethylation seen in NSGCTs suggests a mechanistic role in their potential for embryonal and extra-embryonal lineage differentiation [ 6 14 ] . Establishment of DNA methylation in the mammalian genome is controlled by at least three DNA methyltransferases (DNMTs), DNMT1 , DNMT3a and DNMT3b [ 15 ] . The role of these DNMTs in differential de novo methylation in SGCT vs.
The observation that deletion mutants lacking all the p24 proteins still show normal trafficking of certain proteins such as carboxypeptidase Y, suggests that there are some protein-trafficking pathways that are unaffected by their absence.
The apparent absence of MHCK-C from the furrow in early/mid cytokinesis, when myosin II is clearly accumulating, suggests that specific regulatory mechanisms may exist to recruit this enzyme to the furrow during late cytokinesis.
3bshows that when these same deletions were assayed in the absence of the enhancer (so overall replication efficiency was much lower), each deletion significantly reduced transformation frequency [ 10].
Nine of Gore's absences occurred during 1987-8 and 1992, when Gore was quite understandably occupied by running for president and vice president, respectively.
[B]ecause the equality of right and ability breeds "equality of hope in the attaining of our Ends," and because each man's ends are naturally to be preferred to his rival's, the two will inevitably "become enemies," and in the absence of a neutral arbiter "they will endeavor to destroy or subdue one another."
Prelacteal feed was not an exclusion criterion in the WHO definition of exclusive breastfeeding at the time, in which the absence of food other than breast milk, drops and syrups is required during the 24 hours preceding the enquiry (page 2, http://www.who.int/child-adolescent-health/New_Publications/NUTRITION/who_cdd_ser_91.
In this intervention study of sick leave absences among hourly employees at Polaroid Corporation offices in suburban Boston, Massachusetts, we did not find a consistent positive relationship between indoor CO 2 concentrations and sick leave.
Finally, another possible explanation for the absence of an effect on longevity is the method of assay.
In conclusion, we report that the δ-OR agonist, DSLET, induces significant ERK activation in the absence of any increase in phosphorylation of the co-expressed EGFR in HEK-293 cells.
CPK's affinity for Ca 2+is many times higher in the presence of substrate than in its absence [ 22].
When CMV-Elk-1 is cotransfected with the reporter and GAL4-SRF, there is little increase in CAT activity in the absence of activated Ras (CMV-Ras.V12).
Unlike Releases 1 and 2, which relied heavily on Genie [ 3], Release 3 annotations did utilize GENSCAN predictions (with at least one exon with a score > 45) in the absence of other data.
Additionally, the increase in signal for the 10 pM level remained consistently less than half of that obtained in the absence of complex cRNA.
Tie1 is an orphan receptor, whereas the ligands of Tie2 receptor have been identified as angiopoietin (Ang)-1 and Ang-2 [ 5 6 ] . Ang-1 has been shown to be responsible for recruiting and sustaining periendothelial support cells [ 7 ] . It has been reported that Ang-2 disrupts blood vessel formation in the developing embryo by antagonizing Ang-1-induced autophosphorylation of Tie2 [ 6 ] . Transgenic mouse models of Tie2/Ang-1 result in embryonic lethality due to absence of remodeling and sprouting of blood vessels [ 7 8 ] . The physiologic roles of the Tie2 receptor and its ligands are limited to angiogenic processes that occur subsequently to the earlier vasculogenic and angiogenic actions of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and its receptors [ 7 ] . VEGF and the Tie family orchestrate optimal blood vessel formation [ 9 10 ] .
This is not surprising since the ITAMs in CD79, which are proposed to be docking sites for Syk, are unlikely to be phosphorylated in the absence of BCR stimulation since phosphorylation of these residues likely requires activation of Src family tyrosine kinases expressed in B cells.
In the absence of IL-4, the IgG2a response was six times greater than in wild-type mice.
NRP-152 and NRP-154 cells or clones (see below) were seeded at 10 5cells/well in microtiter plates in the presence or absence of dexamethasone (Sigma) at 0.1 and 1 μM.
As a result, Top67 could position itself in the absence of ZD domain at the junction of double- and single-stranded DNA for subsequent DNA cleavage, as previously observed for intact topoisomerase I [ 8 ] . Reversal of DNA cleavage also took place readily with Top67 upon addition of 1 M NaCl and 4 mM MgCl 2 . The ZD domain also was not required for selectivity of a cytosine in the -4 position relative to the cleavage sites.
Absence of changes in the EC coupling voltage sensor of γ 1nullmyotubes
The absence of music adds to the documentary feel.
Unlike most calmodulin-binding proteins, myosins bind calmodulin in the absence of Ca 2+.
1 sequence, include in sequential order: 1) A DxxTTxxDxxWR motif immediately preceding M1, 2) a highly conserved tryptophan in M1, 3) an insertion in the M1-P loop that contains a CVxx (V or I) motif, 4) the absence of an aromatic residue at the first 'aromatic cuff position [ 2 ] in the P segment helix, 5) a glutamine near the end of the P helix, 6) the absence of an aspartate at the end of the P segment signature sequence (TVGYGD) and a RxxTxxCP motif in the P-M2 loop that is two residues longer than in most other K +channels, 7) a glutamine in the first part of S6, and 8) a hydrophilic residue (Asn, Asp, or Glu) near the mid region of S6 that when negatively charged is involved in blockade of some Kir's by Mg 2+ [ 9 ] . Fig.
Resistance to polymyxin B is also imparted by the absence or masking of critical binding sites required for polycation-mediated permeabilization of the outer membrane [ 54 ] . Thus, attachment of polymyxin B to Yersinia enterocolitica is reduced by steric hindrance generated by the size and/or branched shape of the outer core region of its LPS macromolecule [ 55 ] . Additionally, resistance to cationic peptides can be due to cytoplasmic clearance of the antimicrobial peptide by an efflux pump; e.g., Yersinia resistance to polymyxin B caused by the RosA/RosB efflux pump/potassium antiporter [ 56 ] and Neisseria gonorrhoeae resistance to protegrin PG-1 via an energy-dependent efflux system termed mtr [ 57 ] .
Although synergistic transcriptional activation presumably resulting from the cooperativity between NFATp and AP-1 has been well established, NFATp transactivation in the absence of AP-1 has not been demonstrated directly.
Since the lawyer was rarely at the scene of the crime, she can plausibly maintain that she doesn't know for sure what happened--and is therefore free to argue whatever version of events best suits her client . Indeed, in the absence of that very rare absolute certainty, the ethical obligation of "zealous advocacy" virtually requires a lawyer to argue his client's version of events--however implausible.
The addition of the unlabeled Hh-Ag 1.5, but not the inactive Hh-Ag 1.1 derivative agonist control, resulted in the complete absence of counts in the immunocomplex.
32P-labeled substrates were prepared and assays performed as described previously [ 18 ] . Briefly, protein phosphatase reactions contained 2 or 4 nM enzyme in a final volume of 30 μl containing buffer A (50 mM Tris, pH 7.6, 1 mM EDTA, 1 mM EGTA, 0.1% 2-mercaptoethanol), 0.4% ethanol and 10 μM radiolabeled phosphosubstrate in the absence or presence of AA [ 19 ] . Reactions were initiated by adding substrate and lipid, and incubated at 30°C for 10 to 15 min.
This association was seen in both crude analyses of annual total absence and in an analysis of short-term absences.
3) clearly demonstrate that N and P can each bind profilin, independent of each other and in the absence of any other viral protein.
The experiment demonstrated that Pop1p and Pop2p each associate with polyubiquitylation activity even in the absence of their respective heterooligomerizing F-box proteins (Fig.
For both control and iron deficient groups, the response to norepinephrine is to increase contractility in the absence of chronotropic increases.
Two independent experiments with 25 mm oblong full-thickness excision wounds (6 mice of each type per experiment), including the striated muscle layer (panniculus carnosus), on the dorsal skin of wild-type and SPARC-null mice indicated that the absence of SPARC impeded healing of skin wounds.
Residents have mixed feelings about Maris' record being broken and they feel both he and Fargo have been slighted by history--Maris by his absence from the Hall of Fame and the city by its unflattering portrayal in the movie "Fargo."
However, the patient developed generalized absence seizures on hospital day #20.
Comparison of reactions in the absence and presence of CM showed that the specific PEDF-binding to Y-79 cell-surface receptors was 6.8-fold higher with conditioned medium than with defined medium (Fig.
To help accomplish this, PRA designated senior information resources manager positions in the major departments and agencies with responsibility for a wide range of functions including information resource planning, budgeting, organizing, controlling, training, and ensuring the absence of duplication in information systems.
TN-C knockout mice show decreased accumulation of FN in wounded tissue and this decrease has been hypothesized to be due to disrupted incorporation on FN into the matrix in the absence of TN-C [ 32 33 ] . Therefore, our observation that inhibition of cCAF-induced TN production decreases the accumulation of FN supports the findings in the knockout mice.
The fourth requirement, stable preference, is strengthened in the absence of new information in the "after" period that would change a subject's preference for the medical intervention.
In the absence of PMA, the antisense oligomer decreased PLD2 activity by 19%.
USA Today leads with the chief U.N. weapons inspector's suspicions that Iraq has been tampering with his surveillance cameras in his team's absence.
For the casual user, they might not be important, but their absence makes the book virtually useless for the serious researcher.
To avoid this assumption (and the need to collect data from refusers), we estimated the cancer mortality rate following detection in the absence of screening by the cancer mortality rate in interval cancers.
To examine this, 6 h stimulation with SEB or CMV was carried out in peripheral blood cells of normal human CMV seropositive donors, in the presence or absence of anti-CD81 mAb 5A6, followed by intracellular staining for IL-2, IFNγ, or IL-4.
Purified CAR and RXR proteins were produced in bacteria and preincubated overnight at 4°C alone or in combination, and in the presence or absence of 10 -5M androstanol, 10 -6M TCPOBOP, 10 -6M of 9 cis-RA, as appropriate.
In real life, Quintanilla's stage-father parenting did occasion some criticism: Selena : Como la Flor recalls battles between Abraham and Selena's junior-high teachers over the girl's increasing absences.
The absence of Sp-1 and Sp-3 from fully differentiated myocytes may explain the down-regulation in terminally differentiated muscle.
Steven Spielberg takes Time 's cover as he ends a three-year absence from the screen with three new movies, including The Lost World , a sequel to Jurassic Park . The article concludes the 50-year-old Spielberg has grown up since E.T. , but not too much: He's still a boy at heart.
There was a sixfold increase in the IgG2a response in the absence of IL-4 (Fig.
The presence or absence of pedal pulses and measurement of maximum calf occlusion pressures assess only gross changes in large vessel flow.
Accessory cells were effectively removed during T cell isolation as shown by the failure of mitogen-induced proliferation in the absence of coactivators.
Reading Barthelme may make you think of Surrealism, of Pop Art, of various species of what used to be called bricolage, but what came to my mind, revisiting his stories after a long absence, was the mile-a-minute channel-switching in the monologues of Robin Williams.
The positive clones were screened in E. coli HB101 by the absence of an Hpa1 site and the correct orientation of the insertion was confirmed by DNA sequencing.
7 macrophages even in the absence of LPS.
The absence of cell cycle oscillation in E2F presence in the slimb mutant suggests that SCF Slmbis responsible for targeting E2F for S phase destruction.
3shows the composite cytokine profiles of CD4 +, CD45RO +T cells obtained from cultures primed with anti-CD28 and cytokines in the absence or presence of anti-CD3 mAb.
It is important to note that these MTX-induced events are only observed in the presence of U73343 and occur in the absence of a measurable rise in [Ca 2+] i . To our knowledge, this is the first evidence that MTX has effects independent of a rise in [Ca 2+] i . Perhaps more importantly, the results of the present study suggest that U73343 converts MTX-induced oncosis into apoptosis and that a rise in [Ca 2+] i is necessary for oncotic cell death.
The Federal Trade Commission said the current absence of labels implies "that cigars are a safe alternative to cigarettes."
In the absence of cry1,2 , the stability and overall level of PER proteins, particularly in the nucleus of the cell, is reduced [ 19 38 46 ] . It would therefore be interesting to observe sleep in per1,2 single and double mutant mice, the latter of which have been subjected to behavioral observation [ 29 ] but not to sleep EEG studies.
"Nothing strikes a European traveler in the United States more," wrote Tocqueville, "than the absence of what we would call government or administration.
This may explain the absence of an obvious phenotype in mice.
In the absence of pon A, the cells continued to proliferate for at least five days.
Acquisition of new sequence data has often revealed that genes believed to be absent in a species were merely missing in the database rather than missing from the genome [ 16 ] . Obviously, because full genomes are not available for all plant and animal species, we are not able to make definitive statements about the presence or absence of a particular gene in every organism.
In addition, the NAD-dependent oxidation of propanal or retinal was less than 0.05 nmoles NADH formed/min-10 7cells in spectrophotometric assays using HL-60 cell extracts, even in the absence of DEAB or DPAB.
The absence of activity by KcD11 did not appear to be due to breakdown of the peptide during culturing since mass spectral analyses on aliquots retrieved from culture media showed relatively no degradation of peptides between the initial and the final time points (data not shown).
Here, we cannot obtain correct probe-sensitivity indexes because of the absence of the target gene.
Cells were stimulated in the presence or absence of collagen (100 μg/ml).
2) His absence helps Vice President Al Gore by clearing the field.
Our findings require careful interpretation for three key reasons: (1) the absence of maternal serum for quantifying PCB and other environmental exposures; (2) the retrospective reporting of fish consumption by mothers in this observational study; and (3) the potential selectiveness of our sample based on licensed fish holders who agreed to participation.
Said Bahaji attended to similar routine matters for Atta and Binalshibh, thereby helping them remain abroad without drawing attention to their absence.
This latter was transformed with pEL700, which is identical to pEL702 except for the absence of LacOs . As pEL700 does not contain the LacOs , the transgenic line EL700S can be used as a negative control for specific association of GFP-LacI/NLS with the LacOs in our experimental system.
Physiological experiments can also be used to characterize heterochromatin-binding proteins [ 45 ] . For example, absence of Swi6 in fission yeast sensitizes cells to thiabendazole (TBZ), a microtubule depolymerizing drug [ 46 ] . Presumably this occurs because absence of Swi6 disrupts centromeric heterochromatin and, as a result, sensitizes cells to drugs that compromise spindle function.
In the absence of information that the crash was anything other than an accident, the White House staff monitored the news as they went ahead with their regular schedules.
When no presence / absence filter was applied, the highest-ranked differences had false detection rates of 30% even with the ratio method, and only 34 genes achieved this level.
Charles Murray is a conservative trying to persuade other conservatives that the absence of restraint will in fact make people more moral.
Another feature reported earlier for MHCK-A activation is that myosin II itself stimulates autophosphorylation [ 25 ] . To test whether MHCK-C autophosphorylation is accelerated in the presence of myosin II, the stoichiometry of FLAG-MHCK-C autophosphorylation was evaluated in the presence and absence of myosin II filaments.
The difference in pH dependence between the pR and bR photocycles can likely be attributed to differences in the microenvironment of the Schiff base, and is perhaps related to absence of Glu194/204 in pR.
Data (fragment sizes of all amplification products, estimated from the gel by comparison with standard molecular weight marker, λ DNA double digested with Hind III and Eco RI) were scored as discrete variables, using "1" to indicate presence and "0" to indicate absence of a band.
The absence of this sperm-specific band in the cDNA from the epithelial cell lysate (Lane 11) verifies that the epithelial cells were free from sperm contamination and that the cDNA amplified from the cells is endogenous to the epididymis.
Despite some evidence linking overweight and hip OA [ 3, 4, 5, 6], this finding is equivocal and has previously been documented mainly in small studies of relatively young people, usually in the absence of radiographic evidence [ 6, 7].
In the absence of actual cost data, we compare model cost results to actual revenues.
Our previous study showed that functional decline of mitochondria appears in the SOD1 G93Amice as early as 60 to 100 days of age [ 22 ] . This precedes the peak of mitochondrial vacuolation and the onset of the disease by two to three months [ 15 ] . Mitochondrial dysfunction can lead to energy deficiency and ionic imbalance [ 68 ] , elevated ROS and oxidative damage [ 69 ] , and increased sensitivity of neurons to excitotoxicity [ 19 70 71 72 ] . These effects could precipitate MVISE, which trigger cell death programs by releasing pro-apoptotic proteins resided in the mitochondrial intermembrane space, such as cytochrome c, AIF, SMAC/DIABLO, endo G and Htra/Omi [ 73 ] . The absence of cytochrome c in the porous large vacuoles and the presence of cytochrome c in the small vacuoles (Fig.
This finding is supported by the absence of abnormalities on magnetic resonance angiography in the same group.
Effect is linked to cause by design and analyses that compare observed results with estimates of what might have been observed in the absence of the program.
408; r 2= 0.593 compared with 0.269; r 2= 0.288 for native genes) as well as the absence of correlation for IS was also found, indicating that these results are neither artifacts nor limited to E. coli . The same tendencies are observed in Helicobacter and Streptococcus , although not always significant as a result of the low number of LTGs detected.
In the absence of systematic studies targeting AQP regulatory elements, our knowledge of the expression characteristics of the AQP promoters comes almost exclusively from the representation of transcripts in cDNA libraries (Table 2).
The correlation coefficient between amplified and unamplified samples is slightly higher in the absence of ligase (Table 3), supporting our previous conclusion that ligase is not required for total RNA amplification in cDNA microarray analysis.
The plasmid used to confer trifolitoxin production and resistance, pT2TFXK, is stably maintained in the absence of selection pressure [ 20 ] . This plasmid is not self-transmissible but is mobilizable.
It is notable that the absence of GC BMP-6 is a marker for the DF.
Because both net1 tab 2-1and CDC14 TAB 6-1could bypass cdc15Δ in the absence of SIC1, we tested if the same bypass efficiency could be achieved by tab3-1, a SIC1 -dependent bypass mutant.
Some precedence for a significant allosteric effect of one heterodimer partner on another is provided by the inability of the insect ecdysone receptor to bind its steroid ligand in the absence of its heterodimer partner USP [ 21 ] .
Targeted null Brn3c mutants have no mature hair cells [ 1 2 ] . Close examination has revealed that some 'immature' hair cells form in Brn3c null mutants and express cellular markers such as Myosin VI and VIIa, calretinin and parvalbumin [ 3 ] . Furthermore, these immature hair cells of Brn3c null mutants undergo apoptosis in neonates [ 3 ] . Consistent with an apparent absence of mature hair cells, initial work suggested that all vestibular and most spiral ganglion cells are lost by postnatal day 14 (P14; [ 1 ] ). However, more detailed quantification by others [ 3 ] reported that at P4 about 77% of vestibular neurons and only 29% of spiral neurons are lost.
We have demonstrated heterologous gene expression in the absence of selection for up to at least 9 days post transfection with chimeric dengue replicons.
In the complete absence of DEAE dextran, D86K assembled into tubes in GDP or without added nucleotide (Fig.
primarily based on the presence or absence of ray florets and the fertility/sterility of disk florets: (1) Abrotanum Besser ( Artemisia of later authors) - ray florets pistillate and fertile; disk florets perfect and fertile; receptacle glabrous; (2) Absinthium (Mill.)
Getting on with it in the absence of predefined configuration spaces has been the persistent provenance of autonomous agents since we stumbled into existence.
Generally, NR transcriptional activity is dictated by the balance between coactivator and corepressor recruitment, and one of the most important factors that influences this balance is the absence or presence of agonist ligands (reviewed in [ 4 ] ). Unliganded NRs such as thyroid (TRs) and retinoid receptors (RARs) bind corepressors, and ligand promotes release of corepressor and subsequent binding of coactivators.
1 sequence, include in sequential order: 1) A DxxTTxxDxxWR motif immediately preceding M1, 2) a highly conserved tryptophan in M1, 3) an insertion in the M1-P loop that contains a CVxx (V or I) motif, 4) the absence of an aromatic residue at the first 'aromatic cuff position [ 2 ] in the P segment helix, 5) a glutamine near the end of the P helix, 6) the absence of an aspartate at the end of the P segment signature sequence (TVGYGD) and a RxxTxxCP motif in the P-M2 loop that is two residues longer than in most other K +channels, 7) a glutamine in the first part of S6, and 8) a hydrophilic residue (Asn, Asp, or Glu) near the mid region of S6 that when negatively charged is involved in blockade of some Kir's by Mg 2+ [ 9 ] . Fig.
For the 0.1 pM target concentration, all 12 target transcripts were detectable in the absence of brain cRNA background.
Alexa 488-SP produced the most prominent increase in non-specific fluorescence in the absence of cells.
Outcome of treatment was evaluated on the date of last patient contact by determining the presence or absence of cancer and the vital status (alive, dead, or unknown).
The labeled cells were then incubated in the presence or absence of 1.5% 1-propanol with or without 100 nM PMA at 37°C for 45 min.
The "Rule of Law" piece, by a former Reagan administration deputy attorney general, argues that "it is time for a sober reassessment of the power we have concentrated in the hands of prosecutors and the alarming absence of effective checks and balances to prevent the widespread abuse of that power."
To determine if absence of the cell death mediators FAS and FASL alter iridocorneal angle development and morphology, we assessed five mice (approximately P70) of each of the mutant strains B6.MRL- Fas lpr and B6Smn.C3H- Fasl gld , which respectively lack functional FAS and FASL [ 55, 56, 57, 58].
As a nonexpert, although interested, subscriber to VERBATIM, it is “a bit mysterious” to me that the singular noun absence takes the plural verb are . I refer to the first sentence of your article about the Longman Dictionary [XV,1].
Apoptotic activities in TM10 and TM2H cells in the absence and presence of 2.5 μM SAHA were examined by two procedures: the TACS 2TdT In Situ Apoptosis Detection assay following the manufacturer's instructions (Trevingen, Gaithersburg, MD, USA), and the DNA Fragmentation Assay described elsewhere [ 29].
Genes or exons which have a K a /K s ≈ 1 are inferred to evolve in the absence of functional constraint; genes or exons which have a K a /K s > 1 are inferred to evolve under the influence of positive selection.
This decreased expression of bone-inductive genes prior to an adequate biological response suggests the absence of negative feedback regulation over fracture healing.
In addition, the same three peptides were found to be cytotoxic to SK-N-BE cells in the absence of TNFα (Figure 4a).
One of the unmethylated cell lines (SW756) that showed a complete absence of expression did not reactivate after treatment.
In the absence of comprehensive activation data for opioid ligands at δ opioid receptors, we set out to characterize a set of fifteen opioid ligands for their activity in cells expressing only δ opioid receptors.
Recombinant adenovirus vectors were generated in PER.C6™ cells by homologous recombination between an adapter plasmid (pAdapt) and the E1 deleted Ad 5 DNA plasmid as described elsewhere [ 23 ] . As a result of the absence of sequence overlap between the Adapt plasmid and the Ad5 E1 sequences integrated into the genome of PER.C6, the vector stocks used in this study did not contain replicative competent adenovirus (RCA) [ 25 ] . All vectors were produced on PER.C6™ using standard procedures [ 25 ] . Infectious units (iu)/ml were determined by end point cytopathogenic effect (CPE) assay on 911 cells [ 26 ] . Viral particles were determined by HPLC [ 27 ] . The particle to infectious unit ratio was always lower than 5.
Detecting hazardous drinking in the absence of dependence can be accomplished by asking several questions about quantity and frequency of use (e.g.
Now he's considered a prophet (Tucker Carlson, Late Edition ; Sam Donaldson, This Week ). The conspicuous absence of Clinton spinners playing "defense" on the weekend shows adds substance to the Chung report, says Tucker Carlson.
That's what happened on Meet the Press , where Russert, after hosting Bradley's jocks for much of the show, explained the absence of a Gore representative by reporting, "We asked the Al Gore campaign to provide celebrities who would support him.
The absence of a normal sized MeCP2 protein in mutant clones with truncating mutations confirms their purity, and, together with the presence of MeCP2 in the wild-type clones, validates these matched pairs of cell cultures as a useful experimental system for the search of downstream effects of MeCP2 deficiency.
The absence of macrophages in the developing TM of mice in the current study is in conflict to a previous study.
Bush's absence helped McCain especially, say Al Hunt ( Capital Gang ) and Eleanor Clift ( McLaughlin ), since he is the only other GOP candidate whom voters can imagine being president.
1 μg/ml) was incubated at 37°C for 30 min with same amount of wtPAI-1, E351A and E351R in term of inhibitory activity toward uPA (20 U in the concentration range of 4-10 μg/ml) in absence or presence of vitronectin (60 μg/ml).
For example, the expression of a number of oncogenes, proto-oncogenes, and reduced or absence of expression of recessive oncogenes has been postulated to provide diagnostic and/or prognostic information in human cancers [e.g.
The results were negative (absorbance in the 0 to 0.068 range, the same as for viruses exposed to pH 7.0 in the absence of CAP).
Low-energy conformations were found only in the absence of water molecule, and the calculated binding energies (Table 1- bottom) suggest that HEPES is a poor ligand for nAChRs, and AChBP, and was observed in the crystal structure because of its high concentration (100 mM) in the crystallization condition [ 6 ] .
Concomitantly the cellular choline content was decreased by 30% both in the presence and absence of PMA by the antisense oligomer (Fig.
The absence of well identified reference standards and possible technical difficulties conducting these studies might have contributed to this scarcity.
In fact, separated lobes cultured under identical conditions in the absence of any added cytokines had widely differing results.
We also found that Gro-1 expression was not affected the presence or absence of serum during these infections, implying that the events stimulated by the bacteria are occurring primarily through interactions with cell-surface moieties on both the bacteria and the host cells.
This suggests a strategy whereby with the use of a confirmatory RT-PCR step, even in the absence of replicate initial tissues and microarrays, microarray experiments can be used as a high-throughput screen to identify genes regulated in a complex in vivo disease model.
The protocol is especially robust with respect to absence of background staining that can limit assay interpretation.
4. Accounting principles published by authoritative standard setting bodies and other authoritative sources (1) in the absence of other guidance in the first three parts of this hierarchy, and (2) if the use of such accounting standards improve the meaningfulness of the financial statements.
Inevitably, there are some slips regarding American pronunciation and accent, most if not all of which can be charged to the failure to identify specific dialects or the absence of a restrictive modifier like most or many to precede American speakers . For example,
These results would explain why we saw an effect of AG490 on NRP-152 cells, in the absence of phospho-STAT3 in these cells (Table 1).
The wound in a monolayer of wild-type fibroblasts cultured in the absence or presence of mitomycin C healed by 15 hours after wounding (Fig.
This association was seen in both crude analyses of annual total absence and in an analysis of short-term absences.
In the absence of a unifying international story, most of the weekend's papers led on domestic stories, with one notable exception: The European media devoted gallons of ink to the Aug. 11 total eclipse of the sun, which should be visible Wednesday from northern Europe to the Bay of Bengal.
' The loneliness and the heather-cloaked undulations of the vast deer forests of northern Scotland (forests distinguished by a complete absence of trees) are indeed evocative of the sea.
These changes included posterior subcapsular nucleic acid staining, absence of posterior sutures, and small irregularly shaped cells, not arranged in any discernable pattern, in the equatorial/bow region.
For example, seedlings grown for 5 days on 0.11 M glucose retain approximately five times as much seed storage lipid as seedlings grown in the absence of exogenous glucose.
The shape and morphology of TM10 and TM2H cells grown on slides in the presence and absence of 2.5 μM SAHA were examined.
In contrast, the rambling valedictory press conference last fall of Notre Dame's football coach, Lou Holtz, was criticized by one sportswriter for its "absence of any real sense of closure."
As expected, flutamide blocked substantially the induction of ARE-TATA-luciferase activity by R1881 in the absence of active Stat3C.
In contrast, these pathways are completely inhibited in the absence of the Syk/ZAP-70 family tyrosine kinase Syk [ 14].
2, when p35-C/EBPβ is co-transfected with the reporter construct, there is a 13-fold increase in CAT activity in the absence of activated Ras that is increased to 24-fold when CMV-Ras.V12 is co-transfected.
For in vitro experiments, for example, reference samples were PBMC cultured in the absence of IL-2.
In brief, 2 × 10 8PBMC were thawed, washed twice in a 50:50 mixture of OPTI-MEM and Plasbumin (Bayer, West Heven, CT) and incubated for 3 h in a T175 flask in 50 ml serum-free OPTI-MEM in the presence or absence of 6,000 IU IL-2 per ml OPTI-MEM.
However, the average forward scatter (median, coefficient of variation) of GC cultured for 24 hours in the presence of 4-AP (768, 15%) was significantly greater than that of GC maintained similarly in the absence of drug (694, 15%).
In the absence of well-established reference standards, one would use other research designs, such as pragmatic criteria (e.g.
Lhcb6, a minor LHCP, contains Gly instead of Pro at the position analogous to 82 in Lhcb1, thus eliminating the peptide bond carbonyl of Gly as a ligand, but Lhcb6 has a potential ligand for Chl b in Gln83 [ 39 40 ] . These two LHCP sub-species, along with Lhca4 are most affected by the lack of Chl b in vivo [ 5 ] . Lhcb4 (apoprotein of CP29) has Val instead of Pro at 'position 82', and the absence of site a 6 in Lhcb4 may contribute to its drastic reduction in Chl b -less mutants [ 5 8 ] . However, Lhcb2, Lhcb3, Lhca1, Lhca2 and Lhca3 contain the Gly peptide carbonyl as a ligand (each has Pro at 'position 82' [ 40 ] ) but are reduced only slightly, if any, in amount by the lack of Chl b.
The third well of each slide served as a negative control, in that the cells were incubated with PBS in the absence of a SP analog.
Background, as determined by measuring the intensity and area of 10 control cells incubated with PBS in the absence of a fluorophore, was subtracted.
The complete absence of sequence variation, the multiple sequence coverage, and the high sequence quality all indicate that no additional Runx genes are present in the C. intestinalis genome, which was confirmed by inspection of the recently completed genome at http://genome.jgi-psf.org/ciona4/ciona4.home.html.
In the absence of apoptosis in the crypts, presence of apoptosis along the surface epithelium does not have any diagnostic significance for A-GVHD.
Absence/presence calls were not considered a priori in selecting significantly regulated genes, but were a post-selection criterion.
As noted here and elsewhere [ 12 13 14 15 16 18 ] , optical clarity gives no assurance of the absence of supersaturation.
From these results, we postulate that the cartilage defect in Hoxc-8 transgenic mice is mediated by absence of factors/signals that are present in the culture medium.
According to relatives, some recruits began to make arrangements for extended absences.
Nonetheless, we do recognize that absence of evidence is not necessarily evidence of absence.
In the absence of a clear, convincing story about gender-specific costs, let's see what kind of story we can tell about gender-specific profit margins.
Purified cells were cultured at 37°C in RPMI-1640 medium supplemented with 10% fetal bovine serum at a density of 5 × 10 6cells/ml and in the presence or absence of 10 nM PMA phorbol ester and or 1 mM dibutyryl cAMP + 1 mM phosphodiesterase inhibitor isobutylemthylxnthine (IMBX).
TNF-alpha combined with LPS (in the absence of CEES) was found to not exert any cytotoxic effect on the RAW264.
Human β-catenin exon 3 was PCR-amplified from transgenic mouse DNA and sequenced to verify presence or absence of the codon 37 mutations.
If the system functions properly, we should be able to detect the tagged loci as bright spots above the GFP background signals in nuclei of the lines EL702C and E, and should not detect any spot in line EL700S because of the absence of LacOs . Bright spots were clearly observed above the diffused GFP fluorescence in nuclei observed 24 h after induction in lines EL702C and E, whereas significant fluorescence spots above the diffuse background signals were not observed in EL700S (Figure 4, rows B).
It is important that in the absence of ureterolithiasis, particular care should be taken to rule out alternative diagnosis for flank pain.
Colonized catheter: Growth of ≥ 15 colony forming units (cfu) on semiquantitative culture from catheter tip in the absence of accompanying clinical symptoms.
The ability of GSK3β to activate each construct was calculated by expressing the p53 transcriptional activity in the presence of GSK3β as a percentage of that observed in the absence of GSK3β.
The absence of a dependence of GHFT1-5 cell proliferation on transcription factor activities that are more classically associated with transcription regulation strongly suggests that C/EBPα, and perhaps other transcription factors, control proliferation and transcription through completely separable pathways.
The absence of the IPD phenotype is surprising considering AKXD28's inheritance of the D2 chromosomal region containing the ipd gene, and likely results from genetic differences between these strains.
Whereas all tab mutants tested were able to bypass cdc15Δ in the absence of HCT1 and two ( net1 tab 2-1and CDC14 TAB 6-1) were able to bypass cdc15Δ in the absence of either SIC1 or HCT1, four tab mutants ( tab1-1, tab3-1, TAB5-1, and TAB7-1 ) failed to bypass in the absence of SIC1 (Table 3).
These results suggest that SAHA inhibited DNA synthesis in the presence or absence of p21 protein.
, overweight: 25 kg/m 2< BMI < 30 kg/m 2; obese: BMI ≥ 30 kg/m 2) and an age- and gender-weighted chronic disease score (CDS) [ 15 ] based on the presence or absence of 29 specific comorbidities determined from pharmacy dispensing data.
Comparisons that showed a pattern of nucleotide mismatches between the hit and the known EPK that suggested an absence of selective evolutionary pressure on the encoded protein sequence of the hit were used to filter suspect hits.
PER protein level may be affected differentially from that of per mRNA and levels of the PER protein are reduced in cry1,2-/- mice due to reduced stability of PER proteins in the absence of heterodimerizing CRY partners [ 19 38 46 ] .
Steiner knows his Shakespeare, and Shakespeare is no Dichter . The work is too teeming, too multiform; it lacks the felt force of either the presence or absence of God.
If these conditions were known, then in principal one could design a therapeutic strategy that takes into account the capacity (or absence thereof) for chondrocytes to repair their matrix naturally.
with some modifications [ 41 ] . Culturing and transfections were performed as described elsewhere [ 42 ] . Two days after transfections, the medium was changed, and incubation was continued in the presence or absence of 100 μM 8-(4-chlorophenyl)thio-cAMP (8-CPT-cAMP) (Sigma, St Louis, MO).
The S77A RARα mutant inhibited proliferation of SCC25 cells even in the absence of RA, thereby mimicking the growth inhibitory effect of the ligand.
These data suggest that the tyrosine phosphorylation of GPCRs may allow them to signal ERKs in the absence of RTK or FAK phosphorylation by acting as their own scaffolds.
Indeed, one might argue that an animal model, in which the testes or ovaries are removed and the animals are given Stx in the presence and absence of steroid replacement, would be better.
Yet, this correlation does not explain the overall preponderance of antagonistic epistasis observed in two computational systems [ 2 11 ] , nor the absence of overall synergistic epistasis in most biological systems that have been carefully studied in this regard.
It should also be noted that coexpression of CaM with mGluR5a in the absence of Siah1a yields no changes in calcium current modulation (data not shown).
The functional stability of wtPAI-1 and the fibrosarcoma PAI-1 in the absence or in presence of vitronectin are illustrated in Figure 1C.
However, the success of these medical interventions is most commonly defined by angiographic resolution of the "no-reflow" phenomenon (an acute reduction in coronary flow less than Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction [TIMI] 2 in the absence of dissection, thrombus, spasm, or high-grade residual stenosis at the original target lesion).
This simple model allows the experimenter to estimate the relationship between these two parameters in the absence of large numbers of experimental replicates, where the inherent error of measures cannot be accurately estimated.
with minor modifications [ 13 ] as reported previously [ 17 ] . Briefly, six serial 10-fold dilutions of virus were inoculated onto MRC-5 cells in the absence of antiviral drug or in the presence of either ACV or PCV at a concentration of antiviral 10 times higher than the average IC 50 for wild type parental HSV-1 and HSV-2, respectively.
CV-1 cells were cotransfected with a reporter plasmid responsive to androgen (ARE-TATA-luciferase) in the presence or absence of AR and constitutively active Stat3C (Fig.
The DFz2 plasmid had a small but significant effect without addition of Wg, but the addition of Arr plasmid had little or no effect on DFz2 activity in the presence or absence of Wg plasmid (Figure 1B).
Nevertheless, these proteins do not disappear completely as they do in the absence of MG132 (lanes 2-3).
When plasmin was incubated with increased amount of equal active PAI-1s in absence or in presence of vitronectin, it was inhibited faster by mutants than by wtPAI-1 (Fig.
In the absence of LPS, CEES at a level of 500 μM did not significantly affect cell viability as measured by the MTT assay.
Given a procedure that gave a list of orthologues for the human gene query, such situations should be revealed by only partial (or complete absence of) agreement between the annotations of the wheat orthologs.
As will be discussed, PSE estimates the age-specific detection rate in the absence of screening as the sum of the age-specific rates of detection for cancers on the first screening, interval cancers, and cancers on subsequent screenings, minus the age-specific rate of detection for cancer on the first screening in subjects one year older.
CPKs have basal activities in the absence of Ca 2+as a result of the presence of the autoinhibitory region.
Despite the absence of a strong difference in age at menarche between cases and controls in this group, those women who developed breast cancer had relatively later menopause, indicating a greater number of years of active menstruation.
However, a relative alkaline pH in the esophagus, in the absence of acid reflux, may not lead to generation of a significant amount of carbon dioxide.
To determine if the upper bound is reasonable, we estimated its value using data from screened subjects in randomized trials of colorectal cancer screening [ 12 13 ] , breast cancer screening [ 14 ] , and lung cancer screening [ 15 16 ] . We then compared this estimate to a modified PSE estimate using data from all subjects, so that estimates of age-specific cancer detection in the absence of screening and cancer mortality in the absence of screening are based on data from randomized controls and refusers.
After 2 weeks of selection in 800 μg/ml of geneticin-G418 (Gibco/Life Technologies, Gaithersburg, MD, USA), BG-1 G418-resistant colonies were pooled, or individually isolated, and assayed for growth in the presence or absence of supplemented estrogen.
And Wang [ 16 ] reported that U73343 suppressed elevation of [Ca 2+] i in neutrophils challenged with FMLP in the presence, but not the absence, of extracellular Ca 2+Both reports are consistent with a lack of effect of U73343 on receptor-mediated activation of PLC and a direct inhibitory effect on Ca 2+influx pathways in these cells.
Absence of an item often translates into a lost sale and reduced revenues and profits.
To confirm that soil samples yielding negative results and those yielding signatures of redox moieties were different because of the presence and absence of biological entities, we counted viable organisms and extracted DNA from the heated control sand, a Beacon Valley Antarctic soil, a Lake Boney Basin Antarctic soil, and the Idaho red sand (Table 1).
The ALK3Q233D-induced degradation of SNIP1 was significantly blocked in the absence of Az (Fig.
The very process of reviewing these issues underscored the absence of an effective government organization dedicated to assessing vulnerabilities and handling problems of protection and preparedness.
L1s that were fragmented in the RepeatMasker annotation because of the absence of the variably present 131 nucleotides in the 5' UTR were merged.
Except for this amount of fluid and for prelacteal food, the absence of previous complementary foods (or more supplementary fluids than the above weekly amount) since birth was demanded for proof of exclusive breastfeeding.
But there are other absences here that, given the p.c.
To assess the specificity of binding, we repeated the experiment in the presence and absence of a 1000-fold molar excess of unlabeled agonist (2 μM).
To be white, really, is not to be many things--most notably, black--and to derive both security and standing from the absence of the stigma.
Sera were tested for the presence or absence of IgG antibodies to CMV by either latex agglutination (CMVScan; Becton Dickinson, Sparks, MD, USA) or by enzyme immunoassay (EIA) as previously described [ 15 ] .
lcrG strains transcomplemented with either LcrG or PcrG were grown in the presence and absence of calcium and harvested after four hours of growth at 37°C.
In the absence of morphologically identifiable precancerous lesions, these conditions were excluded from the classification.
, upper respiratory infections accounted for approximately 65% of sick leave days among working adults [ 11 ] . In a study of military aircrews, respiratory infections accounted for 70% of the total number of days the crews were grounded [ 12 ] . In a study conducted on government employees in the United Kingdom, respiratory infections and gastroenteritis accounted for over half of all absences [ 13 ] . Milton et al.
One of the two methylated cell lines (CaSki) showed a complete absence of expression while the other methylated cell line (SW756) showed normal levels of expression.
Dr. Berlin argues that the laws impose "a medical intervention in the absence of evidence that forced treatment is likely ...
Other limitations of this study include the absence of information about breastfeeding and the features of a 'Western lifestyle' such as physical activity, diet and use of postmenopausal hormones and other medications.
(ii) For query sequences that do have orthologs, absence of overlap between the sequences considered orthologous and those which appear to be subtree-neighbors raises a red flag, indicating that the orthologs are in phylogenetically distant species relative to the query.
Recombinant protein was incubated with either trypsin (Roche Molecular Biochemicals) or subtilisin (Roche Molecular Biochemicals) in the absence or presence of 250 μM lipid for 0 to 30 min at 30°C, as previously described [ 19 ] . To assess phosphatase activity, an aliquot of the digestion reaction was diluted in buffer A containing either 0.1 mg/ml soybean trypsin inhibitor for trypsin, or 2 mM PMSF for subtilisin and assayed.
Controls consisted of blots incubated in preimmune rabbit serum or in the absence of primary antibodies; controls were routinely negative.
Concerning the data recorded by the thermodilution right ventricular ejection fraction pulmonary artery catheter, the absence of episodes of tricuspid regurgitation (a condition that can lead to underestimating cardiac output and RVEF [ 6, 12, 28]) made those parameters reliable and comparable with the parameters recorded before the elevation of the legs.
The use of genetically different mouse strains indicates that the absence of cell death is typical in mice and not unique to an individual strain.
P19 cells were seeded into porous tissue culture inserts placed in a 24 well tissue culture plate and cell migration to the lower chamber in the absence of any stimulus was determined.
Absence of dextran sulfate resulted in background problems and at a concentration of 20% sensitivity was significantly reduced.
In addition, orthologs of four genes ( CG13029, CG14294, CG12133, CG12378 ) could not be identified in non-melanogaster species except in D. erecta , the species most closely related to D. melanogaster . The absence of these genes is not simply due to insufficient sampling, since in these cases both 5' and 3' neighboring genes could be identified in more divergent species (see Figure 2, for example).
Quantitative real-time RT-PCR revealed that human chondrocytes expressed low levels of MMP-1 and MMP-13 in the absence of IL-1, and increased levels with addition of the cytokine (Figs 2a,2b).
6 ± 6.2 % (mean ± SD; n = 7)] after perfusion with 10 mM TEA saline, thus confirming the absence of a blocking effect of TEA on the ion conductance by AQP1 channels.
The IC 50 values were calculated by fitting the data to the following equation using GraphPad PRISM (San Diego CA): θ = 1/ (1+(L/IC 50 )), where θ is the fractional amount of [ 3H] granisetron bound in the presence of inhibitor at concentration L as compared to the amount of [ 3H] granisetron bound in the absence of inhibitor.
Cells were rinsed with PBS, treated with compounds or media for 1 min, permeabilized in the presence or absence of compound for 3 min with permeabilization buffer (0.
Gp32, an additive that increased S/N for Taq, is a single stranded binding protein that reduces the stem-loop structures [ 13 ] associated with both cleavage and stalling by polymerases [ 25 ] [ 2 3 11 28 ] . Templates are damaged by thermal cycling [ 29 ] even in the absence of enzyme.
In Martin's absence, Joan hooked up with the equally charming but considerably less prudent Maxwell--and Joan got AIDS.
As we stated earlier, the absence of stress fibers in the A549 cell suggests that stress fibers per se are not essential for RSV growth either, and that one or more steps of the Virus (F) → RhoA → profilin → actin signaling pathway is perhaps missing or nonfunctional in A549.
The absence of LPS-signal transducers (CD14, Toll-like receptor 4) on most lymphocytes relative to monocytes and neutrophils may account for this altered expression [ 42 43 ] . Since lymphocytes express TNF receptors and TNF itself can induce TTP mRNA expression [ 38 ] , these data are consistent with the interpretation that TTP induction in lymphocytes is transduced not by LPS binding, but by TNF produced by monocytes and/or neutrophils acting on lymphocytes.
As previously reported [ 3 ] , MTX-induced uptake of ethidium in BAECs was biphasic in the absence of the U-compounds (Fig 1, lower panel ). The first phase, which extends for ~5 min after addition of MTX, reflects the activation of COP, whereas the second phase is temporally associated with LDH release and thus reflects cell lysis [ 3 ] . Addition of either U73122 or U73343, ~3 min before MTX, produced an inhibition of ethidium uptake (Fig 1, lower panel ). Both phases of ethidium uptake were attenuated by the U-compounds and U73343 again appeared to have a greater potency compared to U73122.
Excessive antimalarial drug use is costly, propels the emergence of drug resistant parasites, speeds the obsolescence of affordable drugs and retards malaria control [ 6 ] . Prompt diagnosis and effective treatment of malaria improves prognosis [ 2 ] . In the absence of diagnostic microscopy in resource poor, remote villages of tribal forested belt of central India, the detection of P. falciparum histidine rich protein 2 (Pf HRP-2) in a blood specimen is one method by which expeditious diagnosis of falciparum malaria can be made on the spot [ 7 8 ] . Recently introduced rapid malaria test, Determine™ malaria pf (Abbott Laboratories, Japan) have been evaluated for its effectiveness in detecting P. falciparum malaria in Philippines [ 9 ] and in central India [ 10 ] .
To select a threshold, we have exploited a reference set of positive and negative control genes based on presence or absence of their cognate labeled cDNAs in the hybridization mix.
It should be noted that the fibroblast cells lines we used remain fully viable after detachment and transfer to suspension culture [ 31 43 ] . This is in contrast to most epithelial cells which undergo anoikis, i.e., apoptotic cell death after the disruption of cell-matrix interactions [ 45 ] . It is of interest that some anchorage-independent tumor cells, most of which are of epitheloid origin, become susceptible to anoikis after the introduction of exogenous PTEN [ 23 34 35 36 ] . These observations are in line with the established ability of PTEN to down-regulate the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3-K)/PKB survival pathway [ 11 46 ] . The absence of anoikis in our two cell lines may reflect inherent cell type specific differences, i.e., the superior ability of fibroblasts to survive under suspension culture conditions.
The presence of a single hs-E2F transgene gave a weak and incompletely penetrant enhancement in the absence of heat shock, and this enhancement was stronger and completely penetrant when the transgenic strain was exposed to a heat shock treatment every 24 h during third instar and early pupal development (fig.
Females lack an estrous cycle and anestrous adults are dependent upon direct contact with a non-volatile male pheromone for induction of estrus [ 8 ] . Hormonal control of scentmarking and sexual behavior of this species (hereinafter, opossum) has been described in some detail [ 9 10 ] . Estrus is induced when females nuzzle scentmarks from the androgen-dependent suprasternal (chest) gland [ 10 11 ] . Nuzzling delivers nonvolatile chemical signals to the vomeronasal organ (VNO) [ 12 ] and surgical removal of the VNO prevents induction of estrus by scentmarks alone [ 13 ] , although cautery ablation of the VNO fails to prevent ovarian activation and ovulation in females that are caged with adult males [ 14 ] . While anestrous adults are reliant on male pheromone for reproductive activation, spontaneous postlactational estrus occurs in the absence of direct contact with male pheromone [ 15 ] .
But in the absence of a nation of McCourts, it is also a reason to insist on greater teacher oversight and accountability and less freedom to do as they please.
SPARC-null mice and their cells should provide a useful system to investigate how a matricellular protein regulates pleiotropic functions through cell migration and how its absence alters biological processes.
reduction of tension in the ECM provokes apoptosis and reduces α-SMA; as human dermal myofibroblasts readily undergo apoptosis in response to gel relaxation (or wound contraction) their absence from the neodermis of a healed wound is likely the result of apoptosis.
Although the long period of impeded ingrowth of SPARC-null cells after wounding already suggested defect in cell migration rather than cell proliferation, we determined cell migration in the absence of cell proliferation.
With that exception, the rate of exclusive breastfeeding in this study was based on information on the current status and the absence of complementary foods (including milks and other fluids) at any time prior to the present interview.
Indeed, the significant reduction of the PG-specific IgG2a response in the absence of IFN-γ suggests that the response is controlled by this interferon.
Another possible mechanism by which a prostate cancer circumvents the low levels of androgens resulting from androgen ablation therapy is by increasing the sensitivity of AR to very low levels of androgens [ 42 ] . Stat3 increased the sensitivity of AR to a dose of androgen that showed no activity in the absence of Stat3, in the absence of a mutated AR.
It was of interest that the unmodified protease induces antigen-specific IgG in the absence of detectable immunodominant T cell epitopes.
This study revealed absence of the superior division of the oculomotor nerve and the corresponding central caudal and medial nIII subnuclei, and marked abnormalities of the levator palpebrae superioris and superior rectus muscles [ 4 ] . These findings suggest that while ARIX is necessary for both nIII and nIV development, the CFEOM1 genes may be necessary for the development of only these two specific nIII subnuclei.
We wished to ask whether Wnt/Wg can signal through LRP/Arrow in the absence of Fz.
Collection periods were 5 min in length and each tubule served as its own control for measuring net water flux and water permeability in the presence and absence of TEA.
In this group, intestinal A-GVHD was strongly favored, in the absence of other etiologies such as CMV colitis and NSAIDs [ 2 4 7 9 12 16 17 ] . CMV colitis cases were excluded morphologically based on the presence of CMV cytopathic effect or CMV immunohistochemistry.
The outer membrane proteins prepared from cells grown in the absence of iron bound significantly higher amount of radioactive iron siderophore complex as compared to that of the OMP prepared from cells grown in iron rich conditions (p value < 0.05).
RNA-binding proteins have been found to participate in many cellular functions, including RNA transcription, pre-mRNA processing, mRNA transport, localization, translation and stability [ 20 ] . A role for the DAZ family in the regulation of mRNA translation is supported by lines of circumstantial evidence, including the association of DAZL with polyribosomes [ 12 ] . The absence of DAZAP1 from polyribosomes indicates that it is not directly involved in protein synthesis.
The molecular signals required for osteoclastogenesis have recently been elucidated [ 1 4 5 ] . Receptor-activator of NFκB ligand (RANKL), a tumor necrosis factor superfamily ligand expressed by stromal cells, osteoblasts, and activated T cells, binds to its cognate receptor-activator of NFκB (RANK) receptor on macrophages/monocytes, inducing a signal that gradually transforms the macrophages into osteoclasts over a period of several days [ 6 7 ] . While this interaction occurs largely in the bone microenvironment, it has been shown that monocytes from the spleen, peripheral blood, and synovium are all capable of RANKL-dependent osteoclast formation [ 8 ] . Convincing evidence has been generated indicating that the RANK-RANKL interaction is absolutely required for osteoclastogenesis [ 7 ] ; in the absence of these molecules, osteoclastogenesis cannot occur [ 9 ] .
Arnold Zwicky, chief editor of the Studies Out in Left Field collection celebrated above, suggested genderfuck instance of reversal of normal sex roles; (specifically) transvestism, a common term whose absence can only be explained using the Johnsonian formula, in answer to a woman who has asked him why he defined pastern as the knee of a horse, ignorance, Madam, pure ignorance.
The clinical criteria of male 'hypogonadism' refers to failure of testicular function resulting in decreased production or absence of male sex hormones and impaired spermatogenesis, whether this failure is secondary to hypothalamic and pituitary dysfunction or is primary testicular failure [ 20].
Unconditional logistic regression analysis was performed with pre-treatment (presence or absence of virus) as the dichotomous outcome measure.
Rare SPAM1 transcripts are however not ubiquitous as revealed by their absence from human ovary, spleen, and liver [ 21 ] and murine skeletal muscle [ 22 ] . Both rare and abundant SPAM1 transcripts have been found in neoplastic breast tissue [ 23 ] and in a number of other cancers including pharyngeal [ 24 ] , metastatic melanomas and gliomas [ 25 ] . In normal somatic cells rare transcripts have been found in breast tissue [ 23 ] and in fetal, placental, and prostate cDNA libraries [ 21 ] .
Further gap junction coupling (GJC) has brought about robust coordination patterns, even in the absence of chemical synapses, and has been shown to mediate synchronization of neurons during motor behaviors [ 25 ] .
In control cells in the absence of dexamethasone, 10% of the cells showed nuclear>cytoplasmic localization of GR-GFP.
Promoters that require both a positive transcription regulator and the absence of a repressor protein may be missed because expressing the positive transcription factor alone may not be sufficient to induce transcription at such promoters.
Thus, some of the observed ERβ specificity is probably a consequence of an unexpected ability to tolerate the absence of a leucine residue at the N-terminus of the LXXLL motif.
The cerebrovascular capacity in Fabry disease was also within normal limits, suggesting absence of clinically significant vaso-occlusive disease in the cohort of Fabry patients examined.
Yet despite their potential weaknesses and in the absence of long-term hysterectomy and cancer data, they will provide more reasonable estimates of the rates and probabilities of corpus uterine cancer.
We did so in order to determine whether the absence of hybridization signals for some microarray spots was due to the absence of any DNA there, which would indicate a defect in the manufacturing of the microarray at those spots.
Negative immunoblot and EIA results demonstrated the absence of significant titers of IgG antibodies to U1-70 kD.
5 μg total protein) were incubated in polypropylene tubes with 2 nM [ 3H]-Hh-Ag 1.5 in the presence or absence of 2 μM competitor in binding buffer (50 mM Tris pH 7.5, 5 mM MgCl, 1 mM EDTA, 0.1 % bovine serum albumin) plus EDTA-free protease inhibitor cocktail (Roche) in a final volume of 250 μl for 1-26 hours at 37°C.
He became a devoted editor of George , which seems likely to founder in his absence.
However, superiors are expected to be aware of the presence and absence of service members for whom they are responsible.
Dystrophin and its associated proteins are thought to be involved in the anchoring of the muscle cell membrane to the extracellular matrix [ 1], and the absence of many of these proteins can lead to the phenotype of muscular dystrophy [ 2].
In the absence of Canadian-specific data, the ratio of 3 stable to 1 unstable patient with angina [ 61 ] , and the 96% proportion of unstable patients treated as inpatients were obtained from the literature [ 62 ] . OCCP data revealed that of those admitted with angina, 28% were transported by ambulance.
Thus, cry1,2 -/-mice appear to be a suitable model for studies of the regulation of sleep in the absence of an intact circadian clock.
The impetus behind PKQuest is to try and develop a "standard" set of human PBPK parameters that can be applied in the absence of this detailed information.
A third offered a reason why people stay together: "Isn't it possible that a lot of long-lasting marriages are long-lasting because of inertia created by the absence of alternatives to that arrangement?"
In the absence of that, a woman's promise to take charge of birth control and then not doing so remains the only form of monetary fraud Today's Papers can think of that is not only not punished, but is in fact regularly rewarded.
Control two-hybrid assays confirmed that a VP16-TRβ LBD fusion protein bound N-CoR in the absence of hormone, but not in the presence of T3.
Control experiments in which Ca 2+was removed and added back to BAECs in the absence of MTX showed that these responses were dependent on the presence of MTX, i.e., no dye uptake or blebbing was detected in the absence of MTX (Fig 7).
1D) and that TRβ bound N-CoR in the absence of hormone, and was released in the presence of T3, whereas TRβ only bound GRIP1 in the presence of T3 (Fig.
And more important, slow to see how much of the freedom they enjoy comes not (just) from the absence of government, but also from a constitution of freedom built into the architecture of the Net.

where K d is the dissociation constant for rhod-2 and calcium (determined by in-vitro calibration with rhod-2 and myoglobin by del Nido et al, ref [ 20 ] , and confirmed by in-vivo manganese quenching, ref [ 29 ] ) and is 710 nM, F t = fluorescence at time t, F max =maximal fluorescence from tetanized heart, and the fluorescence from the heart assuming rhod-2 had no calcium bound is given by F 0 = F b + a (F max - F b ), where F b is the background counts from the heart prior to dye loading, and a = rhod-2 fluorescence in the absence of calcium / rhod-2 fluorescence in the presence of saturating calcium.
In adjuvant arthritis, which may not be dependent on antibodies, disease is increased in the absence of IL-4 [ 27].
The Smo-containing membranes (column 1) are the only samples that exhibit significant binding above that seen in the absence of membranes.
Her first book, Anywhere But Here (1987), was the story of a mother and daughter unmoored by the absence of a father.
We do not think it is possible at this stage to determine reliable threshold values for "true orthologs" or "absence of orthologs".
CV-1 cells cotransfected with an androgen responsive reporter plasmid (ARE-TATA-luciferase), AR, in the presence or absence of constitutively active Stat3C, were treated with androgen and flutamide (Fig.
[ 41 ] reported that ABP was bound and internalized by germ cells and it also modified protein synthesis in germ cells in a manner dependent on the presence or absence of sex steroids.
the kilowatt hours that would otherwise have been supplied by the utilityduring such year in the absence of such qualified energy conservation measures, by
G418-resistant colonies from BRCA1 antisense infected BG-1 cells and control vector LXSN-infected BG-1 cells were pooled, pretreated for 5 days in phenol red-free, DMEM/F-12 medium (Gibco/Life Technologies) supplemented with 10% charcoal/dextran treated serum (Hyclone, Logan, UT, USA), then plated at 2.5 × 10 6cells per 100mm dish in triplicate for growth curve analysis in the absence or presence of estrogen (10 -8mol/l; 17β-Estradiol; 1,3,5 (10) - Estratriene 3, 17β-diol; Sigma, St Louis, MO, USA).
In the absence of a predetermined command structure to deal with an incident of this magnitude, a number of PAPD inspectors, captains, and lieutenants stepped forward at around 9:30 to formulate an on-site response plan.
A fifth test probe showed hybridization signal intensity below the negative control threshold in both the control and modified ATP samples, suggesting either an absence of the transcript from the target sample or abundance too low to quantify (data not shown).
The tk mutagenesis assay was performed in MRC5 and Vero cells as described previously [ 10 21 ] . The proportion of resistant virus referred to as mutation frequency or error frequency throughout this study was calculated as follows: (titer in the presence of drug) / (titer in the absence of drug) × 100.
Afterwards, excess dye was removed by washing with phosphate-buffered saline (PBS) and the cells were incubated in complete culture medium in the presence or absence of 200 nM PMA at 37°C for an additional 0.5 hour.
In the absence of replicates, the intensity distributions for individual genes (and, therefore, the distribution mean (μ) and variance (σ 2)) are unknown.
Given that the effect of averaging is to smooth a time series and potentially emphasize rhythmicity, the absence of obvious periodicity in cry b , as shown qualitatively in the bottom left panel in Figure 2, suggests that the antennal
Control wells consisted of media supplemented with or without IL-2 in the absence of PBMC.
The clinical criteria of male hypogonadism refers to failure of testicular function resulting in decreased production or absence of male sex hormones and impaired spermatogenesis, whether this failure is secondary to hypothalamic and pituitary dysfunction or is primary testicular failure [ 20].
This indicated that the absence of EC coupling observed in myotubes expressing fs-α 1S M701I was not due the production of a labile protein.
The absence of the additional sequences resulted in very poor PCR performance compared to the excellent performance observed with their inclusion.
They were co-expressed with the luteinizing hormone (LH) receptor in HEK 293 cells and cAMP accumulation was measured in both the presence and absence of the LH receptor agonist, human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG).
In conclusion, we found that the absence of CD26 and other aberrant surface expression of T cell-associated markers allowed identification of a discrete, quantifiable population in nearly all MF/SS patients with PB tumor cells.
Neither AS-4 nor NEO cells formed progressively growing tumors in the absence of estrogen, however.
Removal of the TPR domain of PP5 by limited proteolysis increases enzyme activity and the TPR domain binds lipid [ 7 8 9 19 20 ] . Using conditions similar to those employed with PP5, digestion of Ppt1p with trypsin in the absence of lipid produced a 44 kDa catalytic fragment that was stable for at least 30 min and a 20 kDa fragment that was degraded within 30 min (Fig.
ALK3Q233D is constitutively active in inducing downstream signaling events in the absence of BMPs or the type II receptor [ 40 ] . The co-expression of ALK3Q233D with Smad1 and HsN3 significantly increased the amount of the pre-assembled HsN3 that was co-precipitated with Smad1 (Fig.
Brownrigg's forte is her ability to emulate the "curiously banal, clever-clever, quasi-poetic style that seems to afflict so many inhabitants of cyberspace" (Geoff Nicholson, the New York Times Book Review ) in the many epistolary sections of the book, and she "wonderfully captures the ghostly dance of presence and absence that can characterize digital relationships" (Erik Davis, the Voice Literary Supplement ). (Click here to read the first chapter.)
The remaining gene products were given one of the following three assignments: 'conserved protein', where sequence-similar matches were found but the function could not be determined in the absence of consistent functions reported for the matching sequences; 'conserved hypothetical protein', where sequence-similar matches existed but these had no associated function; 'unknown CDS', where the translated sequence had no known sequence match outside E. coli.
In the absence of IL-4, the production of PG-specific IgG2a isotype was dramatically enhanced and disease was significantly more severe.
Indeed, the absence in species A of a gene present in species B and C can be interpreted as the loss of the gene in species A or two independent acquisitions in species B and C. Note that apparent gene losses in A may be overestimated if recombination occur frequently between B and C (that is, acquisition of genes by B and C is not independent), however the effect of such a recombination event is probably low in the present cases (see 'Genomes' section).
Despite the absence of funding, it appears that a number of prospective clinical trials
The scheme is outlined in Figure 2. Ninety independent cultures of cdc15Δ [pMET3-cdc15-2, URA3 ] (WY221) were grown at 25°C in synthetic minimal medium + 2% glucose (SD) in the absence of methionine.
Thus, the unusual sequence of the β-box contributes to ERβ specificity and ERβ can tolerate the absence of a conserved N-terminal leucine in LXXLL motifs.
The truncation of trpEa in C. trachomatis A and C, the likely pseudogene status of trpEa in serovar D, and the absence of trpEa altogether in serovar B indicates an active ongoing process of reductive evolution.
Subclinical A-GVHD in the absence of cutaneous A-GVHD or gastrointestinal symptoms is known [ 4 10 ] . Because of this reason a fourth hypothetical control group of biopsies from BMT patient without A-GVHD though desired was considered impractical, as various criteria under scrutiny in this study will be deciding if those biopsies would have to be considered negative for A-GVHD.
Rlk was expressed in 293T cells, either in the absence or the presence of Fyn; the cells were labeled for 15 minutes with 35S methionine and cysteine, then incubated for increasing times with unlabelled methionine and cysteine.
In my opinion, raising race as the motivation behind the neighbors' complaints, in the absence of evidence to support the charge, is quite reckless.
Next, we studied the time-course of TGFβ-induced Smad3 nuclear entry in the presence or absence of SB-203580.
In contrast, the absence of a contractile and MRLC phosphorylation response after more extreme heat exposure (47.
9% D/S-FCS, then cultured for another 24-h interval in the absence of androgens.
With an aging population, and in the absence of some plumbing apocalypse that will cause Americans to adopt a squatting posture to relieve themselves, the incidence and cost of osteoporosis can only rise.
inactivation of Clb/Cdc28 via proteolysis of Clb2) in the absence of new gene expression, we evaluated the turnover of Clb2 in cells released from a cdc15-2 arrest in the presence of cycloheximide.
When no presence / absence filter was applied (12533 probe sets included in the analysis), the estimated false detection rate (ratio method) increased from 37% to 73% because there were fewer differences (at P < 0.01) among the "absent" mRNAs than expected by chance (48 observed vs. 79 expected by chance).
3) but only additive effects were found for HIV-1 BaL (in the absence of sCD4, ED 50 for CAP = 1.49 ± 0.38 mg/ml; in the presence of sCD4 [100 μg/ml], which caused an 1.85-fold decrease of infectivity, ED 50 = 1.39 ± 0.18 mg/ml for residual infectivity).
The third (discordant) sibling is collected for purposes of determining potential nonpaternities in a sibship (more than 4 alleles) and for better estimating the proportion of alleles shared that are identical by state (in the absence of parents).
The accumulation of the non-circular, broken chromosomes correlated with the growth rate or DNA damage response in most of the recBC -minus background [ 30 ] . The recB or recC null mutation showed low viability even in the absence of exogenous DNA damage [ 31 32 ] . A simple interpretation of these data is that RecA, RecFOR, and RecQJ functions (and RecET functions for the sbcA background) repair chromosome breakage and/or prevent generation of the breakage.
The occupancy of CD4 and coreceptor binding sites by their respective ligands elicits downstream conformational changes in the envelope glycoprotein gp41, rendering it competent for fusion between virus and target cell membranes [ 18 19 40 41 42 43 ] . Shedding of gp120 from virus particles is not required for subsequent membrane fusion events [ 44 ] . The induction of gp41 six-helix bundles, detectable by mAb NC-1, by CAP in the absence of gp120 shedding is consistent with this conclusion.
The concentration of unoccupied hERα was determined by ligand binding analyses as described previously [ 22 27 28 29 30 ] . Briefly, cytosols were incubated with 5 nM [ 3H] E 2 in the absence (total binding) or presence (nonspecific binding) of a 1000-fold molar excess of unlabeled DES for 16-20 hours at 4°C.
Experiments with the model alga Chlamydomonas reinhardtii [ 11 ] showed that LHCPs were not detectably imported into the chloroplast in the absence of Chl synthesis and instead accumulated outside of the chloroplast in the cytosol and in vacuoles [ 12 ] . High concentrations of chloramphenicol caused strong suppression of total Chl synthesis when dark-grown algal cells were exposed to light, possibly by inhibition of Mg-chelatase [ 13 ] in addition to chloroplast protein synthesis.
In Birmingham in 1918 it was possible to buy a manual designed to enable local speakers to correct their accents, since, as its author claimed, “to no one is the absence of local dialect more important than to the young officer in the army”.
In the absence of a well-established judiciary or organized police force, law and order was enforced by vigilantes, and summary hanging was the usual sentence.
any required supporting documentation or records for absences, and
This omission and the absence of articles does lend a certain pithiness to Russian proverbs.
An association between autocrine IL-6 and PCA has been known for some time [ 16 17 ] . The change in prostate cell phenotype from paracrine IL-6-stimulated to autocrine IL-6-stimulated is believed to be a contributing factor in the progression from benign hyperplasia to neoplasia [ 17 ] . IL-6 is also implicated in the development of cancer cell resistance to chemotherapy in PCA patients [ 18 19 ] . In other studies, a chimeric protein consisting of an anti-IL-6 Ab fused to Pseudomonas exotoxin was found to inhibit proliferation of prostate carcinoma cell lines [ 20 ] . Exogenous IL-6 activated androgen responsive gene expression in the absence of androgens in human LNCaP cells [ 21 ] . More work is needed to clarify the role of IL-6 in prostate neoplasia.
Roswell's writers have clearly studied their teen romantic comedy history, and understand that an adequate representation of the teen condition requires the presence of well-meaning but oppressive adults and friends who try and try but just don't get it, but also an absence of condescension.
By determining the presence or absence of all possible neighboring E. coli gene-pair clusters in 30 other genomes, we were able to get a set of 30 × 1 binary profile vectors that are similar in spirit to the ones obtained by the SGPP method.
4), the intracellular growth of the virus occurred at about 85-90% efficiency in the absence of profilin.
Moreover, in the absence of stable tyrosine phosphorylation as seen in the Src kinase inactive fusions, v-crk could either induce their phosphorylation, or protect transiently phosphorylated YDXP motifs from dephosphorylation through yet unknown mechanisms.
In addition, the specificity of particular antibodies was further confirmed by demonstrating appropriate patterns of subcellular immunoreactivity in positive controls, as well as the absence of immunoreactivity in negative controls.
Also, the marriage contract includes provision of certain social services between two individuals, the absence of which would result in excessive burdens on society.
Only intracellular auto-fluorescence, comparable to that observed with transfected cells incubated with PBS in the absence of labeled SP (Fig.
In the recBC sbcA and the recBC sbcBC backgrounds, the absence of RecBCD nuclease may prevent faster degradation of the large non-circular DNAs.
Biochemical reconstitution studies using purified recombinant actin in vitro and studies in RSV-infected cells ( ex vivo ) demonstrated that actin functions as a viral transcription factor in both monomeric (G) and filamentous (F) forms, whereas the filamentous form appeared to be particularly important for viral morphogenesis [ 10 ] . Subsequent studies showed that at saturating actin concentration, profilin stimulated viral transcription even further, whereas profilin by itself had no transcriptional activity in the absence of actin [ 11 ] . These results suggested that the interaction of profilin with actin may be important for optimal activity of the RSV transcriptase.
All currents shown are difference currents in which the current in the patch in the absence of capsaicin has been subtracted.

Thus, it is especially intriguing that IL-2 suppresses the expression of many genes, both among PBMCs in the absence of CHX, as well as in purified T cells in the presence of CHX.
There is only a slight increase in CAT activity in the absence of Ras.
We do not know if analysis of EGFP expression is more or less sensitive than analysis for lacZ expression, although we believe it provides more reproducible and quantitative data due to the absence of background staining.
Splenocytes were isolated from immunized mice and cultured in the presence and absence of collagen (Fig.
It is, therefore, difficult to reconcile the frequent cell death in the developing and adult iridocorneal angle of an SD rat strain with the absence of cell death in multiple mouse strains in the current study.
Crossover recombination (reciprocal exchange) generates chiasmata, physical connections between homologs, which provide the primary mechanism to ensure proper segregation of homologs during MI [ 1 ] . In the absence of chiasmata (crossovers), homologous chromosomes experience nondisjunction and segregate randomly from their partners.
Moreover, the antisense oligomer decreased the cellular ACh content by approximately 30% compared to control oligomer treated cells both in the presence and absence of PMA (Fig.
Our method does not primarily aim at quantifying the presence or absence of a gene in a particular sample.
In the absence of ATP in the bath, application of PMA showed little effect on K ATP activity (Fig.
In vitro studies in the absence of DNA demonstrate that CAR/RXR heterodimers can be activated by an agonist ligand for either receptor.
These transcripts were not detected in the absence of DOX in the adult males and this putative gene was named Red herring ( Rdh ). Northern analysis using a probe from encore exon 3 indicated that levels of the normal sized encore transcript were not detectably altered by DOX, as indicated by the arrowhead (Figure 3a).
The multiple hybrid forms of mNoc mRNA [ 38] along with the recent report of an absence of rhythmic expression [ 39] of mNoc mRNA in mice containing the IAP element have raised the possibility that differences among mouse strains could provide a basis for understanding nocturnin function.
(Mobutu made "Leopard" his nickname and always wears a leopard-skin hat .) In Mobutu's absence, various politicians have jockeyed for power, creating serious harm to the war effort.
In the absence of other muscle abnormalities, the diminution of type II fibers alone is not necessarily accompanied by PFD.
The three proteases were tested in the absence of non-protease unmasking steps.
To that end, you might say that the conspicuous absence of Jewish issues is the problem.
Whereas all tab mutants tested were able to bypass cdc15Δ in the absence of HCT1 and two ( net1 tab 2-1and CDC14 TAB 6-1) were able to bypass cdc15Δ in the absence of either SIC1 or HCT1, four tab mutants ( tab1-1, tab3-1, TAB5-1, and TAB7-1 ) failed to bypass in the absence of SIC1 (Table 3).
To confirm the specificity of the nucleotide sequences chosen for the primers and probes and the absence of DNA polymorphisms, BLASTN searches were conducted against the dbEST and nonredundant set of Genbank, EMBL, and DDBJ databases.
Inclusion criteria for the controls were females aged older than 18 years, absence of any type of cancer at recruitment, predominant urban residence for most of their lives and the ability to give informed consent.
The length (from UNIX wc command) divided by 3 was used to validate the absence of frameshift errors.
Virus infectivity can be enhanced by treatment of cells with MAPK stimulators, such as serum and phorbol myristate acetate, as well as by coexpression of constitutively activated Ras, Raf, or MEK in the absence of extracellular stimulation [ 61 ] . Also, following infection, efficient disengagement of the reverse transcription complex from the cell membrane and subsequent nuclear translocation, requires phosphorylation of the reverse transcription complex components by ERK/MAPK; demonstrating a critical regulation of an early step in HIV-1 infection by the host cell MAPK signal transduction pathway [ 62 ] . Therefore, Tat down-regulation of the MAPK pathway in latent cells implies that much of the host signal transductions connected to activation are down-regulated, and at the same time, these cells may be refractory to subsequent infection by other viruses.
Its absence from polyribosomes indicates that it is not directly involved in mRNA translation.
Reactions were analyzed on agarose gels and scored for presence or absence of the appropriately sized product.
The aggregation number remained fairly high, 4.2, in 60% (w/v) ethanol [ 18 ] . The successful application of equilibrium ultracentrifugation for that study [ 18 ] suggests a complete absence of even small colloidal species of UCB.
3. a single brain death examination demonstrating a lack of cortical and brainstem function in conjunction with a confirmatory nuclear medicine brain flow scan demonstrating absence of cerebral blood flow.
Absence of a SPAM1 cDNA band from the stromal cells demonstrates that epididymal SPAM1 mRNA is localized to the tubule epithelium.
To test whether Stat3 could alter the specificity of AR to other HREs, CV-1 cells were cotransfected with reporter plasmids responsive to androgen (ARE-TATA-luciferase) or to estrogen (ERE-TATA-luciferase), in the presence or absence of AR and constitutively active Stat3C (Fig.
To link LIFR function with GC function we have manipulated the late gestation maternal steroid profile by maternal adrenalectomy or RU486 administration to determine if the maternal GC surge impacts fetal well being in the absence of LIFR and functional LIFR:gp130 signaling.
In turn, this will avoid incidences of premature mortality, aggravation of respiratory and cardiopulmonary illnesses, and diminished lung function which results in lost work days, school absences and increased hospitalizations and emergency room visits, and will also avoid damage to eco-systems, fish and other wildlife.
In the absence of any new revelations on the presidential sexcapade, the pundits demote it to Issue 2 and place it on automatic pilot.
An essay bewails the absence of "political pizzazz" in presidential campaigning.
Although extraction can be done before, during, or after fixation, we used simultaneous extraction and fixation, because (i) cytoskeletal molecules may be rearranged or altered during fixation, as irreversible crosslinking of polypeptides is not complete even after 15 min incubation with 4% PFA at 37°C; (ii) although actin was more difficult to extract, moesin and other polypeptides were removed already with 0.5% DOTMAC in the absence of PFA.
In the absence of a Wnt signal, GSK3 phosphorylates β-catenin, which then becomes targeted for degradation [ 6 ] . The binding of Wnt to its receptors initiates a cascade of events that inhibit GSK3 and ultimately prevent degradation of β-catenin.
To look for point mutations, eight patients were chosen as test cases based on the absence of dystrophin, clinical symptoms consistent with DMD and no large deletion or duplication detected by the multiplexed PCR test.
This result, at least, excludes the possibility that the absence of the large, non-circular chromosomes in some strains (Figure 2) reflects the absence of DNAs in the wells during the process or by extensive and general nuclease action.
, washed twice in a 50:50 mixture of OPTI-MEM and Plasbumin and incubated for 3 and 24 h at 1 × 10 8cells/T175 flask in 50 ml serum-free OPTI-MEM in the presence or absence of 6,000 IU IL-2 per ml OPTI-MEM.
Indeed it was found that the targeting of tBid to mitochondria-like membranes occurs in the absence of proteins, yet depends upon cardiolipin being in a possibly unique structure as opposed to free cardiolipin [ 9 ] . The requirement for a specific cardiolipin structure that is likely defined by the contact site is consistent with our observation that no gold particles were found in regions stripped of the outer membrane exposing the cardiolipin-rich inner membrane.
Genetic screens have identified a large number of genes, named SNF (Sucrose Non-Fermenting) that are required for derepression of SUC2 transcription in the absence of glucose [ 16, 17, 18].
For cDNA Expression Array analysis, E15 SMG primordia were cultured in the presence or absence of SN50 peptide for 2 days (E15 + 2), collected in cold PBS containing 0.02% DEPC, snap frozen, and stored at -70°C.
In the absence of an assembled genome sequence for Meloidogyne , it is not yet possible to examine conserved, genome-wide gene order of HGT candidates between nematodes and the hypothesized bacterial donor.
I do not know a formal definition of “propagating work,” so, in the absence of anything better, I will point at what I mean by Figure .b.
The mutation frequency was calculated as follows: mutation frequency = (virus titer in the presence of drug)/(virus titer in the absence of drug).
For phosphatase treatment, IVT proteins were first incubated in 130 μl of binding buffer containing 20 U of alkaline phosphatase in the presence or absence of 10 mM Na 3 VO 4 for 1 h at 37°C.
Mutations in the human KIT gene have been identified as a cause of Piebaldism, a rare autosomal dominant disorder of melanogenesis characterized by patchy absence of pigmentation of the skin and overlying hair.
Hence, in the absence of direct weather measures, weather station data may be of value in predicting fungal abundance and diversity [ 25 ] .
The status of an individual with respect to the presence or absence of a disease or health-related event may be obtained through assessment at a given point in time.
In the past, the absence of a broadbased homeland security definition or the ad hoc creation of a definition by individual government departments suggest that a consistent and transparent definition be applied to help create a more integrated approach and unified purpose.
The following conditions are thought to be criteria for the ribosomal scanning mechanism: an absence of any ATG codons in the intercistronic region, an intercistronic region of 15 to 78 bp, and an optimized consensus translation start site for the second CDS.
Note the absence of nuclear fragmentation in these cells compared with apoptotic cells (Fig.
However, the absence of such a basic cluster in the N-terminal domains of Giardia (residues 1-25) and Schizosaccharomyces pombe (data not shown) renders its significance questionable.
As a result of the absence of sequence overlap between the Adapt plasmid and the Ad5 E1 sequences integrated into the genome of PER.C6, the vector stocks used in this study did not contain replicative competent adenovirus (RCA) [ 17 ] .
He took a leave of absence in 1994 to join the Clinton Administration as General Counsel of the Immigration and Naturalization Service, then moved into the position of Executive Associate Commissioner of Programs for this agency from 1995 through 1997.
Our results are in broad agreement with these studies with respect to the central role of NFκB in response to infection, but are also puzzling because we would not expect intestinal cells to respond so strongly to the presence of avirulent or heat-killed bacteria, even when presented on the apical surface of a confluent, polarized monolayer, regardless of the presence or absence of serum.
Aliquots of dispersed cells (2 ml) were incubated at 37°C for various lengths of time in the presence and absence of MTX.
One of us (TS) assessed radiographs of hands and feet according to the Larsen method, and the presence or absence of radiologic erosions was recorded as a dichotomous variable.
One possible explanation for this result is that Ras increases the amount of p35-C/EBPβ or Elk-1 protein in the COS-7 cells, but Western blot analysis showed that both p35-C/EBPβ and Elk-1 protein levels are the same in the absence and presence of Ras (data not shown).
Exclusion of a deletion from the haploid cell lines confirmed the absence of any mutation and thus, DLG5 was excluded as a cause for the atrial fibrillation in these families.
On more than one occasion in these pages have I lamented the absence of an index (or of a useful, usable one) in a book that contains much valuable information.
To sensitize the screen, we used an allele of SUC2, SUC2-36, that allows an elevated level of SUC2 transcription in the absence of Swi/Snf [ 24].
Similarly, in response to 4-HT treatment, the sustained increase in intracellular calcium levels was abrogated in the absence of extracellular calcium (Fig 2D).
Eric Cassell writes that this lack of recognition and treatment of suffering does not come about because of an absence of compassion or concern, but more often results from physicians' poor diagnostic and therapeutic knowledge and skills about persons.
In his "" lamenting Matt Groening's absence from the Comic Journal 's Top 100 list, A.O.
The story is further complicated by Tenet's absence from the critical principals meeting on this strike (he was apparently out of town); his deputy, John Gordon, was representing the CIA.
To the chagrin of many and the joy of at least a few, Cocktail Chatter returns after a two-week absence, which God knows I hope made your hearts grow fonder.
Visitors are amazed at the apparent harmony that reigns amid the bustle of city life, especially the absence of the levels of violent crime that seems endemic in much of the rest of the developed world.
The sense of impartiality or an absence of self-interest did not develop until the middle of the 17th century, after which the original sense disappeared for about 200 years.
any matter during her absence.
Each of the SP fluorophores was added to the Ca ++solution in the absence of cells at a concentration of 10 nM and increases in fluorescence, if any, were recorded.
They indicate that in the absence of a functional IfkA protein, the proteins involved in the cAMP pulsing system are precociously produced, resulting in earlier cAMP pulsing and hence aggregation.
Those interested in acquiring some (sanitized) sense of how great is the task--even in the absence of any other social problems--that faces a teacher wishing to impart mainstream speaking and writing skills to black students who don't have them might consult the soon-to-be-published English: An African-American Handbook--A Guide to the Mastery of Speaking More and Better English , by Savannah Miller Young, a black elementary-school principal in St. Louis.
I-TRAP takes advantage of the fact that some genes will be differentially expressed in the presence and absence of a transcription regulatory protein.
"Wellness is the goal of prevention, essentially, and wellness is not just the absence of disease, it's the presence of satisfaction with one's mental and physical well being at the same time.
The underlying assumption is that by 6 years, most cancers detected on the prevalence screening would have progressed to clinical cancer in the absence of intervention.
There's the same sense of scope and technical mastery, and absence at the core.
The Journal says the absence of a restriction on lawsuits was a surprise to all sides.
The resistant bacteria would then be grown in a second medium or in the absence of a stress, and colonies scored for lack of promoter activity in the second condition by expression of the xylE reporter gene.
In the absence of common rules and enforcement, people would have to resolve conflicts on their own, which can become messy and chaotic.
In the absence of any major international story to dominate the press, newspapers around the world tended to focus Monday on domestic issues.
Only two of the 560 protein-coding genes that show clear orthology between E. coli and Buchnera would have been removed (due to absence from both Vibrio cholerae and Yersinia pestis ). The two genes ( dnaC and dnaT ) are linked in both Buchnera and E. coli and were retained in the ancestor.
The distributions of cells in G1, S and G2/M, in the presence or absence of C/EBPα expression, were similar for cells grown for 24 (reported here), 48 or 72 hours (data not shown) prior to nocodazole addition.
Like a Chekhovian character, frustrated by his own redundancy and by an unexplained absence of sympathy with his closest relation, Jesus records: "My Father ...
Dose-response curves of NO on hemodynamic and respiratory parameters in the presence or absence of septic shock were analysed using a two-way analysis of variance for one within and one grouping factor, ie factor `group (absence or presence of septic shock)' and factor `dose of NO'.
2shows a bright field, phase contrast view of microglia that were incubated in the absence of the primary antibodies against GluR4 and CD11b/c.
USA Today's headline notes U.S. support for the development but also the absence of American ground troops.
This is consistent with the total absence of genes in chlamydiae known to encode enzymes with serine deaminase activity.
And, in the absence of a memory of its British use, the Aboriginal, being to hand, seemed to some a possible source.
The absorbance of untreated controls was taken as 100% survival, and the percentage inhibition was calculated as cell survival rate (%) = 100( T - B )/( U - B ), and growth inhibition (%) = 100-cell survival rate (%), where T (treated) is the absorbance of drug-treated cells, U (untreated) is the absorbance of untreated cells and B (blank) is the absorbance in the absence of both drug and MTT.
For evaluation it is also necessary to estimate (1) the age-specific rate of cancer detection in the absence of screening and (2) the cancer mortality rate following detection in the absence of screening.
Conservation of the yCCR4 LRR plus C-terminus, together with the absence of its N-terminus in the CCR4 proteins of animals, could be interpreted along two lines.
Results from this and our previous study showed that the SD always followed hyperthermic bursts [ 8 ] , but tetanic stimulation induced only γ oscillations in the absence of SD (Fig.
I disapprove of most forms of public affirmative action myself, on the premise that public authorities shouldn't be permitted to allocate burdens and benefits on racial grounds in the absence of an absolute emergency.
And fourth, a role of BMPR-IB in luteogenesis was suggested by our finding that luteinization and luteolysis, respectively are characterized by the absence and presence of BMPR-IB expression in the CL.
Shock (after onset of sepsis) was defined as either at least 1 hour of decreased systolic blood pressure by at least 40 mmHg, or systolic blood pressure of 90 mmHg or less after adequate volume replacement, and in the absence of antihypertensive agents, or continuous infusion of pressors.
Severe pancreatitis may mimic sepsis syndrome or septic shock despite the absence of any infectious site.
Safe water access, the existence of engineered water delivery and drainage systems, the presence or absence of mosquitoes, and topography may also be important.
Another obvious bonus, although impossible to over-emphasize, is the absence of cars, the simple joy of wandering around a town relieved of traffic and pollution, of standing on a little humpback pedestrian bridge far from the Grand Canal and hearing only the water lapping against the moss-covered walls, or the occasional swish of a sleek gondola that appears out of nowhere.
VO 2+in the absence of any nucleotides was added to sCD39 at 1:1 molar ratio.
In the early 1990s, he wrote a trilogy of "State of the Nation" plays: Racing Demon , about the Church of England, Murmuring Judges , about the legal system, and The Absence of War , about the Labor Party.
To obtain nuclei, (4-6) × 10 7cells of each cell line grown in the presence and absence of 2.5 μM SAHA were washed twice in PBS, followed by suspension in 0.3 ml nuclear buffer consisting of 2 mM MgCl 2 , 5 mM K 2 HPO 4 , 0.1 mM EDTA, 1 mM PMSF, 20 μg/ml aprotinin, 20 μg/ml leupeptin, 0.1 mM Na 3 VO 4 and 5 mM β-glycerophosphate.
Review and approval should be made by the official, normally the immediate supervisor, most knowledgeable of the time worked and absence of the employee involved.
The absence of an appropriate framework from which to examine homeopathic remedies is one but not the sole challenge to quality research in this alternative practice.
Previous studies on human skin fibroblasts showed that MTX had no effect on [Ca 2+] i , vital dye uptake, or fura-2 efflux when the cells were challenged in the absence of extracellular Ca 2+[ 8].
As shown in Figure 3, ApppN and AppppN levels are higher in hnt2 strains than in cells with a functional HNT2 gene, and were not significantly elevated by 2 mM CdCl 2 . However, when cells were heat shocked, as shown in Figure 4, ApppN and AppppN levels increased substantially in cultures with every HNT2 genotype (absence, presence or active site mutation).
As a result of the absence of sequence overlap between the Adapt plasmid and the Ad5 E1 sequences integrated into the genome of PER.C6, the vector stocks used in this study does not contain replicative competent adenovirus (RCA) [ 35 ] .
In addition, Pop2p, in the absence of Pop1p, assembles into a complex containing all SCF core subunits identified here (Fig.
In general, the ET approach is more difficult to apply at lower percent sequence identity, owing to the problem of building accurate sequence alignments, especially in the absence of structural information [ 37, 38].
When CMV-Elk-1 is co-transfected with the SRE reporter construct, there is no additional stimulation in transactivation in either the absence or presence of Ras compared to the reporter alone.
But it certainly seems true that the absence of a tradition of Southern unionism has made it easier for employers to play on fears about union corruption and greed, and to suggest that plant closings are an inevitable consequence of unionization.
Although rare cases of cell death may be missed, the absence of cell death in approximately 600 analyzed sections provides no evidence for a role of cell death in angle morphogenesis.
Based on the results of these studies, subsequent experiments examined asynchronously growing TM10 and TM2H cell lines in the presence or absence of 2.5 μM SAHA for 24 h.
The results of multiple linear regression analysis where the same model was tested for each measure of birth size (excluding percentiles) are presented in Table 2, and reflect the absence of a significant effect for fish consumption on birth weight, length or head circumference.
The absence of matrix expansion and the involvement of peroxisomes but not lysosomes together indicate that mutant SOD1-induced mitochondrial vacuolation is neither MPT nor autophagy.
BRCA1 levels appear to affect the ability of cells to arrest growth or die in the absence of estrogenic growth-inducing conditions.
The latter cases are presumably slower growing (a type of length-biased sampling) with better survival, so using only the interval cancers artificially increases the estimated cancer-fatality rate in the absence of screening.
But even in the absence of visual clues, the very sounds of human speech are overflowing with many times the volume of data strictly required to convey the message.
Observation of transfected cells incubated with phosphate buffered saline (PBS) in the absence of labeled SP conjugate showed that the transfected cells had some intracellular auto-fluorescence (Fig.
Here we discover a requirement of adenine biosynthesis for high-level dinucleoside polyphosphate accumulation in the absence of the Fhit homolog in S. cerevisiae . By constructing active site mutants of Hnt2 that were expressed in yeast, we demonstrate that ApppN and, to a lesser degree, AppppN levels are controlled by the Hnt2 active site.
A construct is a hypothetical or conceptual idea that may be used to label or explain observed phenomenon [ 34 ] . For example, taking a dysfunctional vertebral joint as the concept, a test demonstrating the ability to identify the presence or absence of that concept or its related components, is said to have construct validity.
We also treated cultured human fetal lung explants with wortmannin, rapamycin or PD98059 in the presence or absence of insulin.
In the absence of ligand such as androgen, glucocorticoid, progestin, and mineralocorticoid, the SHR maintains a cytosolic inactive state by association with heat shock proteins and/or other proteins such as corepressors.
In the absence of RF, the presence of one or more of these antibodies carried a sensitivity of only 31% for RF- RA, with anti-Sa being the most specific at 98%.
As expected [ 25 ] , some low-level expression of 6His-HA-PP1α in the absence of the inducer doxycycline can also be detected.
The first possibility can be discounted because PMA does not affect K ATP activity in the absence of ATP (Fig.
It is indeed suggestive that the presence of TrpEb_2 correlates almost perfectly with the absence of the primary L-serine deaminase (COG1760) used in nature (Table 3).
The kinetics of splicing of two of the most activated variants, Th1P5 and Th2P6, were examined in the presence and absence of theophylline (Figure 2).
The AS-4 clone formed a greater number of and larger tumors than NEO in the absence of estrogen, and in general formed tumors faster in the presence of estrogen.
In wild-type cells, the proportion of early apoptotic cells increased from 13% in the absence of T-RA to 26% after 5 days of T-RA treatment (Fig.
Figure 11Bindicates that symmetric division of ST may result from the presence of stromal and absence of ST signaling.
Isolated level IV involvement in absence of involvement of one of the higher levels (I, II or III) was not documented in any patient in the present study.
He has never countenanced a campaign plan; and in the absence of one, even air power has been misapplied.
The absence of an effect for the highest categories of consumption fails to support the former explanation, which would be consistent with eating for longer periods of time including the 1970s when fish were most contaminated.
The second control experiment measured fluorescence produced by the SP analogs themselves, in the absence of cells.
PR-5 gene expression in spite of the absence of a functional avr gene, the absence of PCD, and mutations in both the NPR1 and NDR1 genes.
Cells seeded onto fibronectin coated dishes with III1-C in the culture medium spread more extensively and in a more circular pattern at early times after plating than cells plated on fibronectin in the absence of III1-C (Fig.
Measurements were made of the α-SMA content and apoptotic status of fibroblasts embedded within attached or detached(relaxed) gels incubated for three days in the presence or absence of serum and TGFβ1 (Figs.
An attorney whose client had to travel to Mexico to attend her father's funeral, for example, would have to withdraw from the case during the client's absence.
As expected based on growth assays on solid media, little growth was observed in the absence of theophylline.
No litigant who, in the absence of LSC funding, would bring a suit challenging existing welfare law is deterred from doing so by §504(a)(16).
The false detection rates computed by SAM were markedly increased when we did not apply our presence / absence filter.
As a control, cell growth during the priming cultures was monitored in the presence or absence of antibody to IFN-γ and IL-4.
In the absence of other federal law enforcement agencies--there was no FBI until 1908--the service over time took on new jobs: combating the terrorist acts of the Ku Klux Klan, which had sprung up in the Reconstruction South; conducting espionage during the Spanish-American War and World War I; investigating the Harding administration's Teapot Dome scandal; and helping to apprehend the gangster Al Capone for tax fraud.
In the absence of a direct assay for sterolin-1 and -2 function, the genetic changes presented, together with the correlation of the phenotypes, remains the strongest evidence that these genetic alterations are functional, and that the Gly583Cys is a mutational change.
A major mechanism of peripheral tolerance induction appears to involve the recognition of tolerizing antigens by T cells in the absence of costimulation [ 19].
The Post 's assessment occurs in the off-lead, a piece lamenting the absence of cross-examination and witness breakdowns.
Our objective is to categorize the improvements in these covariation-based comparative structure models by tabulating the presence or absence of every proposed base pair in each version of the 16S and 23S rRNA structure models, starting with our first 16S [ 15 ] and 23S [ 19 ] rRNA models.
So, in the absence of news, journalists and analysts are concocting ever more ornate theories to explain what could be happening, sculpting the long available info into gaudy new patterns.
The Spanishness of duende is underlined by the absence of a look-alike word in the sister Romance languages, Italian and French.
In the absence of a method such as this for either removing or inactivating unused OCP, nonspecific background amplification can occur [ 13 ] . Sequencing of misamplification products (data not shown, [ 14 ] ) has revealed that misamplification products produced in the absence of ligase usually consist of a short OCP-derived sequence immediately flanked by primer sequences.
In the absence of true inspiration, they can't fall back on a crafty understanding of what the audience wants because they don't really know what the audience wants.
Significantly, this occurred in the absence of the BMP antagonist, FS.
They cannot prove the absence of life since there was the inherent limitation of analytical sensitivity, and only two locations close to the landing site on the Martian surface were examined.
TSA enhanced the basal activity of the ERE-TK reporter gene by about fifteen-fold in the absence of ER (see inset).
In particular, some arrays detect the presence or absence of single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), so that the x ij values take on one of k ≥ 2 unordered values.
The selected β hemolysis positive variant was stable and retained this phenotype even after repeated passage on laboratory media in the absence of any additional selective biological pressures.
Could it be that the general scientific community finds such speculation ultimately pointless in the absence of real data?
