The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to continue our mission of helping people prepare for, find and keep jobs.
Today we are asking you to take a few minutes to consider making a contribution to Pleasant Run to help the 1,500 children families we care for.
We are asking you to consider sponsoring one of our families for this holiday season.
Two of them told me yesterday that as a group they decided they had to earn the right to ask others for help by accomplishing something real to help themselves.
Therefore, we are asking you to donate 45, $10 gift certificates that can be used toward the purchase of school supplies or clothing, in the total amount of $450.
With this in mind, I am asking each one of you to make a personal contribution of $50, $100 or even $1,000 to show that you believe in the work that we do and are willing to support it with both your time and your finances.
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level, we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation.
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level, we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation.
We're asking for a contribution in the amount of because you can't got a better bang for your buck than to support an organization that impacts so many lives in so many ways.
Annually, we ask several of our youth serving organizations to join us in our effort to help young people grow up well in Indianapolis.
As you begin that process this year, I would like to ask you to consider helping young people in Marion County toward more positive youth development by becoming a supporter of the Marion County Commission on Youth, Inc.
If you would like to find out more about the Big Sisters program, please call us, (317) 634-6102 and ask for Ellen Robinson.
When Chatterbox asked the Journal 's DC bureau chief, Alan Murray, who exercised good judgment in not breaking the Broaddrick story (and--full disclosure-- is Chatterbox's former boss), to comment about a Journal employee's feeding sources to the Times , he replied: "I don't really have any comment on what the edit page did.
"I asked her why she had decided to talk to the New York Post 's Steve Dunleavy, and refused a Times reporter.
She asked if I thought it would be all right to talk to the Times reporter.
Nearly 45 percent of those asked to state the present law on abortion could not give the correct answer.
After all, I began by stating that a bacterium swimming upstream in the glucose gradient was acting on its own behalf in an environment, defined an autonomous agent as a physical system able to act on its own behalf, then asked what a physical system must be such that it can act on its own behalf.
Clarke told us, "I asked the FBI, Dale Watson . . . to handle that, to check to see if that was all right with them, to see if they wanted access to any of these people, and to get back to me.
Although White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card remembered someone telling him about the Saudi request shortly after 9/11, he said he had not talked to the Saudis and did not ask anyone to do anything about it.
While he believed the details of Clarke's account to be incorrect, President Bush acknowledged that he might well have spoken to Clarke at some point, asking him about Iraq.
She recalled that in the first Camp David session chaired by the President, Rumsfeld asked what the administration should do about Iraq.
When Blair asked about Iraq, the President replied that Iraq was not the immediate problem.
"We ask every nation to join us."
There is that oft-quoted example, near the opening of Trial by Jury , where Defendant asks, “Is this the Court of the Exchequer?” and having been assured that it was, Defendant (aside) commands himself to “Be firm, be firm, my pecker.”
Nobody used to snicker at Chaucer's line (No. 5818) in The Prologe of the Wyf of Bathe , in which that harried dame asks: Why is my neghebores wif so gay?
I played all three, and the few other G.I.s in the room, which was quite large—big enough for a fair-sized dance with a small orchestra—either paid no attention or asked me to put on something by Glenn Miller or Jimmy or Tommy Dorsey instead.
I asked him what he thought the original title was.
I once asked Ory about it and he said, `It's m-u-s-c-a-t.
The other women gasped and asked, “And what is the famous Lipschitz curse?”
I looked up the word preceding and was, after a brief moment, asked to type in the word, which I did.
She boldly marched into a bookstore and asked the salesclerk for a copy each of Hemingway's The Sun Come Up Again and Throw Away the Gun and Steinbeck's The Angry Grape .
Anybody who asks “Why a brass monkey?” is probably not aware that brass monkeys were very common household ornaments in England in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
USAT 's off-lead reports that at yesterday's presidential press conference, the first questioner asked Bill Clinton to distinguish between his case and Richard Nixon's use of executive privilege.
And with the wisdom of the aged, Vannie Starr asks the question that now haunts the nation, "Why can't the President be satisfied with his wife?"
They were asked to reply (yes or no) to the use of tap water for brushing teeth, washing vegetables, consuming beverages containing ice made from tap water both inside and outside the home.
After a few Old Neukom Pale Ales, we couldn't resist asking them what they thought of this latest Clinton brouhaha.
Just ask Salman Rushdie.
Why, she asked, didn't I figure out a way to make the patient cooperate?
Hopping's letter: “Never Ask a Uruguayan Waitress for a Little Box: She Might Apply Her Foot to Your Eyelet,” by John Cassidy [X,1]; “Mrs.
I had a conversation with Carlson before his article was published (I offered to help, he asked questions and I answered them).
Spiegelman and collaborators [ 34 35 ] asked bacteriophage Qβ only to "go forth and replicate" in the medium containing Qβ replicase, and numerous functions were lost.
How come," they ask, "did we wind up with an increase that was larger than that proposed by the USPS, when almost everyone else got a break?"
The doubter will be Bill Kristol, TV pundit and editor of the Weekly Standard . That makes Kristol, among more glorious attributes, Slate 's neighbor in a downtown D.C. office building--which may answer the question several distressed readers have asked: Why so many writers in Slate from the Weekly Standard ? Answer: They're just so ...
Before we go any further, I need to ask what you think of an essay that begins this way.
LSC's grantees were asked to:
But I'm waiting for Anthony junior (there I go again, dissing the female characters) to ask his father when he's going to be a made guy.
Rahm Emanuel: "Frank" (as in Frank Sesno, the host of Late Edition , who asked Emanuel the question).
Dumbfounded, I asked why he hadn't taken them.
In one sense they are, but if people were to pay hard cash to watch a belly dancer only to find that it was a man, I think they might have some justification in asking for their money back.
For each interval, participants were asked questions on drinking pattern comparable to those asked for the past 30 days and asked to estimate what percentage of the drinks consumed during that interval came from the specific beverages consumed during that interval.
If you suspect he is taking an after-work breather with someone other than his employer, you could call the man and ask.
The LAT asks a "restaurant consultant": "In the short run, this clearly hurts Burger King," he says.
Don't Ask Microsoft
OMB also asked that the Commission examine the burden associated with "third party reporting" and ensure that this burden was reflected in the Commission's final rule.
But when two things occur in tandem, it isn't always right to ask which is the cause and which the effect.
The LAT and WP do a good job explaining the German background to the story--last fall, Germany's Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, aware of the sensitive mix of the larger number of Kurds and Turks in his country, decided not to ask Italy to hand Ocalan over on an outstanding arrest warrant.
Jackson met the boys two years ago when he was visiting the country and they asked for his autograph.
And if it were found to be a sustainable monopoly, one could ask whether that situation would be better than the one that exists now.
I am asking that you consider supporting our efforts once again this year with a similar gift.
For that reason, I shall ask you to clip out of the papers those articles or editorials I designate with the initial 'M.
"Governor, have you ever manufactured crystal meth?" he asks Bush.
When Anna Scott--with her sunglasses and strong "don't touch" vibe--appears from amid his shelves to ask about a particular guide to Turkey, his recitation dribbles off hopelessly: "There's also a very amusing incident with a kebab--among ...
Carville then asks his better half why Bush didn't stay silent on Vermont's recent gay-partnership court decision.
Dawkins asks us to imagine the myriad forms of life inhabiting a vast mountain.
We estimated an index of weekly energy expenditure as follows: all participants were asked the average daily number of stairs climbed, and the number of city blocks walked during the week, in the past year.
If you asked people about a lot of accidents, if you said: Could this happen?
No one ever asks whether a white actor, as a white actor, should have played a given role.
--George W. Bush ( Meet the Press ), asked if he would follow in the footsteps of John McCain and visit a GOP gay-rights group, the Log Cabin Republicans
Asked where she sees herself in 10 years' time, she replied: "Sitting in a café in Paris.
The judge also made another ruling that gets less attention: he refused to order Microsoft to stop asking business partners to sign "non-disclosure" provisions that require notifying Microsoft when passing information along to the government.
Prudie hesitates to ask what he is steering the car with.
I wanted to follow her asking playful questions.
Fred Graver and Betsy Steyer Graver ask: What sort of accommodations?
For the last 24 years, students at the University of California, Santa Cruz have been able to ask their professors for written evaluations instead of the standard grades.
The Times doesn't say) seeking damages and asking that she be prevented from making interview or book deals allowing her to profit from the death.
I know our dialogue is over, but I still wish I could ask you where you're going next and which of these guides you would bring along.
Not only can employers ask, they can require it; and if you refuse more than once to do something your employer has asked just because nobody put it in your job description, you might even be denied unemployment benefits when they fire you.
Starr-gaysing . The WP carries a piece way inside with the suggestion that some of Kenneth Starr's investigators recently asked Bob Hattoy, a gay Clinton administration official, if he had been successful hiring homosexuals in to the government.
Once the floor was opened to questions, a reporter asked Moynihan, "What's wrong with Mr. Gore?"
Asked about Bush's slight against Bork, Bennett described it as "unfortunate."
When Chatterbox asked Buckley about this intriguing story--which apparently has never been told before, except in a footnote to Dan A. Oren's 1985 book Joining The Club: A History of Jews and Yale --Buckley was a little hazy about the details:
George Pataki, R-N.Y., said he will ask the state athletic commission to investigate the fight.
3. "Standard & Poor's said Pakistan had effectively defaulted on its bonds when it asked current investors to swap their old bonds for new ones.
You've got to look in the mirror every morning and ask yourself: 'What am I organizing for ?' "
I asked Czech president Vaclav Havel about this when he came to Washington a few years ago, and he agreed wholeheartedly with my analysis.
As usual, however, Chatterbox feels impatient with the provincialism of local records and asks: What's the most snow that's ever fallen, anywhere ?
; on the other hand, if you know that the date was 1657, one cannot say that the answer was “easy” or “difficult”: it is like asking a person his name.
Last week, the NYT reported that for the first time ever the U.S. military has asked for the power to take charge in the case of major terrorist strikes on American soil.
Asked by Russert whether he believes in God, Ventura replies immediately that he does--although he belongs to no denomination.
It would indeed be rude, unless you called first and asked whether it would be OK.
Lance Morrow of AOL-Time Warner asked.
Over the years, pro-choicers have continued to invoke medical expertise, particularly by rigging polls to ask whether "a woman and her doctor" (as opposed to a woman alone) should be entrusted with the abortion decision.
I need to know how to ask if someone is pregnant without giving offense if they're not.
25 billion in assets two Swiss banks may pay to survivors this week, they must fill out forms asking them to: "Please describe, in as much detail as you can, where the Subject was from 1934 to 1945."
When asked, I indicated that as long as the breast is hidden under a blanket with the child, I don't mind.
Asked if Monica carried a share of the blame for her relationship with President Clinton, he replied that it had been "a relationship between two adults," but that "it was totally irresponsible for the president to get involved with Monica to begin with."
"The Musharraf quiz craze, as many are calling it, has stormed America with everyone asking everyone else: 'Who is the leader of Pakistan?
At a July 28 press conference, Weld repeated his favorite question six times: "I'm going to be asking that one insistent question: Why should there not be a hearing?
Sarah: In your final post yesterday you asked: "Can it really be that difficult to write a song called 'Kyle's Mom Is a Bitch?
How is it, the piece asks, that liberals who relentlessly vilified Nixon have suddenly decided that Clinton's lying is irrelevant?
The protesters want us to ask first what political terms of trade are being offered, and then to decide, based on how good or bad those terms are, whether or not to trade.
The editor of the American Spectator fired the publisher, apparently for asking too many questions about how the magazine spent grants from the far-right Scaife Foundation.
he/she asks.
We also asked in the second trial whether search frequency influenced patient care.
The experimenters were asked not to compare impressions until the test was over.
Asked about these denials, Reich said, "Our recollections differ."
To determine whether the down regulation of TBP and TAF II 135 is specific to F9 cell differentiation we asked whether this phenomenon could be observed in an unrelated cell type.
I asked a few colleagues with disparate political views to test-drive the Selector.
A representative from the INS asked for a summary of the information that she could share with field offices.
When asked about the Bible's literal account of creation, as opposed to the attractive concept of divine creation, every major Republican presidential candidate--even Bauer--has squirmed, ducked, and tried to steer the discussion back to "faith," "morals," and the general idea that humans "were created in the image of God."
We also asked officials in each of the agencies profiled as case illustrations to verify the accuracy of the information presented on their respective agencies;
Panic-stricken by Tripp's threat that she would expose Lewinsky's affair with Clinton if asked about it in a deposition, Lewinsky mustered all her intellectual resources to cobble together the TP.
2) It's standard practice for producers to enlist correspondents such as him to ask scripted questions on camera without having done the preparatory work.
When officials from the Cement Kiln Recycling Coalition asked about this at a meeting, ALA officials said that state chapters, which are relatively autonomous, ran the campaigns.
4. Rub the customer on the thigh and wink when asking, "Anything else?"
Recently I asked him to join me again for lunch.
The real victim in all this, if you ask me!
In his Illustrated Dictionary of Place Names: United States and Canada , Kelsie Harder points out that when the explorers asked the Indians what a place was called, they responded “Canada.”
And yet, to our surprise, for certain kinds of political searches Ask Jeeves fared rather well.
When Bryant asks about the Dec. 28 meeting, he again sneaks a causal link into his question: "Do you recall anything being said about you going ...
asked Hume.
After the Times story broke this weekend, Bush told reporters, "I asked to become a pilot," "I served my country," and "I'm very proud of my service."
Supporters say the switch will result in more robust and better-financed markets for investors and entrepreneurs; doubters ask how they will be regulated.
Shortly after the shooting, the horrifying story spread that before she was shot, one of the two killers asked her if she believed in God.
We hit it off well, and I asked him to lunch.
Mary" asked the Bin Ladin unit to draft a cable requesting that Mihdhar and Hazmi be put on the TIPOFF watchlist.
Whenever you make a purchase, simply ask for a Global Refund Check.
They aren't asking him to explain to independents why he opposes the Brady Bill and Roe vs.
At the conservative gathering known as the Dark Ages Weekend, Norquist asked her what she was trying to accomplish by criticizing fellow conservatives in the Times . Ingraham would have to choose, he said, "whether to be with us or against us."
The SECDEF should ask Garwood if he believes he was ever targeted for death by U.S. forces while at large in the jungle.
You asked,
People here at the school have asked for the opportunity to support students and recognize his good work by participating in the Steven L. Bricker Scholarship Endowment.
Barnes and Thornburg, the state's largest firm, asked all of its lawyers to volunteer at least 25 hours a year helping low-income people on the clock.
For example, in 2002 grantees will be asked to report the number of newspaper articles published rather than the number of people reached by newspaper articles, which is nearly impossible to quantify in a useful way.
Asked about the consequences of a walkout, Dobson told Tim Russert, "It would be the Democrats in the White House and the Congress, so that would be unfortunate.
Second, cases were asked about potential exposures in the four weeks prior to their illness onset, whereas controls (whose stools tested negative for Cryptosporidium ) were asked about potential exposures in the four weeks prior to their interview.
And indeed, the USA Today lead says straightaway that Lewinsky told the congressmen that she stands by her previous testimony that no one ever asked her to lie about her affair with President Clinton and that she was never offered a job for her silence.
Precisely how I obtained the wines is a matter of "don't ask, don't tell."
Two hours later, he again asked her to join him, and this time she performed a sexual act."
The cover story asks: "Who Lost Russia?"
Expect holiday and weekend rates to be significantly higher, and be sure to ask for specific quotes for your intended stay.
The inspector relied on intuitive experience to ask questions more than he relied on any objective factor that could be detected by "scores" or a machine.
Greenberg's survey, for example, asks people who voted for Clinton to pick from a list of possible reasons why they did so.
asks a presidential aide.
"What was it?" the journalist asks.
Seems to me that an equitable compromise would be to have the foie gras crammed down the Smithsonian visitors' throats, but nobody asked me.
The editors will ask meekly, "Dr.
The homecoming of Jordan's King Hussein was marked in Amman's mass circulation daily Al Ra'i Friday by an editorial asking that God might show him mercy "equal to the size of our prayers and love for our beloved king," but the Jordanian press was unable to report on the possible repercussions of his likely death because of government-imposed censorship.
He's someone you could actually imagine taking aside and asking, "Er, Robert, tell me ...
When his pals ask him about it they will say, Were you in a job car?
And, dare I ask, what would be on it?
Maxwell asks us to consider the very same box with N particles in it.
The piece, which also looks at former President George Bush's life in letters, discusses the Texas governor's executive qualities: "When the National Journal recently asked him how he made decisions, he replied, 'I'm a decisive person.
When asked about specific issues, he referred back to his principles.
It may not come as much of a revelation to Professor Honey to learn that even I, a native speaker of AE, often have to ask whether an American speaker meant to say can or can't when the word receives any emphasis; but in normal, unstressed speech the former is usually reduced to `k'n' while the latter is of longer duration, even, than that of the noun can . To be sure, the RP practice of rhyming can with man and the a of can't with that of father does neaten things up a bit.
When asked as to why mosquitoes are sometimes found inside houses, 85% reported that mosquitoes were either resting or hiding from the light, and 8% reported not knowing.
When asked to compare opportunities received in their Girl Scout activities versus those in their schools, Girl Scouts at all age levels responded that troop activities offered them significantly more chances to achieve positive, pro-social outcomes.
During the days between Christmas and Día de los Reyes (the Day of the Kings, or Epiphany), January 6, young boys went from house to house singing carols called aguinaldos, and asking for food and gifts.
You either have to go back to the same corporations and ask for an even bigger percentage, or you have to find new systems, new pockets of money."
In fact, prosecutors told Pollard they would ask for a "substantial" sentence and then didn't ask for a life sentence.)
one reporter asked National Security Adviser Sandy Berger.
Nurse interviewers asked them which risk factors did apply at the time when they were last well.
Bush was asked no questions about education and only one about welfare.
But if they could ask themselves that question, they wouldn't be day traders.
I asked the vet who performed the autopsy on Allegra.
In reality, however, probabilistic inference is inherent in practically any interpretation of experimental results when questions are asked such as "How likely is it that the protein under study has a particular biochemical activity in vivo ?" or "How central is this activity for the in vivo function of the protein under study, given the results of a surrogate in vitro assay?"
On Dec. 21, 1994, Lamberth dismissed the suit against the government, but he asked U.S.
He asked whether Chinese bad behavior would ever deserve sanctions: Would Bush want to punish them if they doubled the number of slave-labor camps?
When my agent asked me how long I thought it would take to write the book--he was negotiating the delivery date--I answered cheerfully, "Ten years."
"We were treating it almost as a birthday party," the reporter said, asking for anonymity.
For the group recitation in the oral response part of the ceremony we ask that you have Bob and Kathy's poem "Earth and the Womb" memorized.
As CNN pundit Mona Charen put it, "We won't ask about your private life, but don't flaunt it."
He did not say that he was worried because the stock market was overvalued: He asked how he could figure out whether the stock market was overvalued.
Prudie once made the mistake of asking the question you have in mind.
Today, they can speak out against the "death penalty" without confusion or irony--and without being asked for clarification--because the traditional meaning of that phrase is no longer plausible.
Respondents were asked whether they always, sometimes, or never drank tap water inside and outside the home (such as workplace or restaurants).
I asked him later: Why was he there?
But this time is different, says Dexter, because Ray is dying, and because the Ray family has asked the Kings to speak out.
The Shopping Avenger sent M.'s response to Rutherford, who e-mailed back saying she thought the Shopping Avenger was asking for "policy information."
A manager at the Herndon Command Center asked FAA headquarters if they wanted to order a "nationwide ground stop."
He"ll be asking all the lawyers who refer penniless clients to him, to set up a fee schedule like his, so he can refer his overflow to them.
She already knows that I had asked someone else to stand up for me, so my question is: How do I now ask her to be my matron of honor?
But when asked how he would treat China, McCain sketched a policy hardly distinguishable from Clinton's.
There are a couple of dozen stables and riding schools in the environs of the capital; ask for additional information from Tourist Information Centers or your hotel.
(She could, besides ending the investigation, also continue looking into it, or ask a court to name an independent counsel.)
Snow then asks Buchanan: Does this imply we should not have gone to war with Germany over the Holocaust?
If, every time a company asks an INS consultant what kind of system it should install, the consultant says, "Why, Lucent, of course," companies aren't going to be trusting INS much longer.
That I ask of you.
But five days later, when asked why the United States was refusing to send Apache helicopters and ground troops into Kosovo, Clinton cited prudence, objective difficulties, and the "risk" to American soldiers.
The general principle is that these questions, unfortunately, are going to be asked."
But apparently Mr. Clinton did not ask where Charlie Ya Lin Trie is.
Real reporters don't write, "I asked" because it's not important who asked the question.
Asked later about the program's future, Harley said it is only now settling in to its expanded service area and seeking continuing partnerships with the private bar and various agencies.
In one, he recalled, a soldier snatched a whip away from him and asked whether he had ever been "disciplined."
That's why I'm writing to you and asking for your help in this year's Annual Fund.
The adversarial system permitted such questions to be asked and answered--admittedly a vexatious experience for the survivors but one that does entail an airing of the facts of the Holocaust.
Asking why President Clinton would have sex with all the women he is alleged to have had sex with is like asking why a hungry man would want to eat.
Rice and Hadley asked Clarke and his staff to draw up the new presidential directive.
I am writing to ask for your direct assistance in educating a child.
Why ask Leeves?
Whether in asking these questions Starr himself was pressuring Steele--and whether that constitutes a "vicious attempt to threaten Steele's adoption" (Shapiro) in "genuine Gestapo fashion" (Al Hunt in the Wall Street Journal )--is a question the current criminal proceeding will not answer.
The participants were asked about their views on the nature and goals of preventive medicine, use of primary prevention in the region, and existing tools to assist in the delivery of primary prevention.
Mintie also started to ask questions about the medical field.
Instead, the Shopping Avenger was booked onto a later flight and so asked the agent if he could use a British Airways telephone to call Mrs. Shopping Avenger, who would be waiting for him at the other end.
At the start of every audit, the auditors ask the pertinent business managers what weaknesses exist in their operations and what corrective actions they have deemed necessary and have planned.
As a related task I gave them a list of 145 wine descriptors, collected from the first phase of my study, and asked them to circle all the words they considered appropriate for each wine.
Bradley isn't asking us to overcome that skepticism.
But some of you find it intrusive, and others are bothered by the perpetual pop-up box asking whether you want to install Microsoft Investor Ticker.
Over the past years, I have asked him if there was anyone else, and he always lied.
Grantees were also asked to examine whether the existing program configuration was conducive to the most effective state delivery system.
The DOJ is asking for the imposition of a daily $1 million fine until Microsoft complies, and also asked the court to force the company to revise the non-disclosure provisions of the contracts it has product licensees sign, on the grounds that such provisions have a chilling effect on those wishing to complain.
A sensitivity analysis asks questions like, "if we are wrong about a certain input, how much does our best estimate change?"
On This Week , Cokie Roberts asked Begala six times whether an extramarital physical relationship was improper.
(Drudge refused to ask, and Lamb seemed about to ask, but then didn't.)
(Tim Russert asks, "Will you pledge today that you will support George W. Bush if he's the nominee?"
Women receiving counseling by the Motherisk Program NVP line, who call us from across North America, were asked whether or not they wished to complete a phone survey regarding their use or non-use of CAM to alleviate their NVP.
Moreover, I've asked Steerforth not to reissue Whither (1925), which was the first novel that she published.
A New Hampshire television reporter who interviewed Bush before the debate asked if he wasn't trying to get the job of president without the job interview.
As David Bowie said on the 1977 "Bing Crosby Christmas Show" when the host asked him if he liked any of the older songs: "Oh, sure, I love Harry Nilsson."
“How did you get here,” I was often asked.
Asked Monday in court by Justice Department attorney David Boies.
And I'd rather people ask a foolish question now than have them make a dumb mistake later."
he asks.
Milne said she may ask the board overseeing her organization to give her until November to seek funding from additional sources.
Some right-wing Knesset members have called for an end to the airstrikes: If the West intervenes on behalf of an independence-seeking ethnic minority in Kosovo, one asked, "couldn't it happen here, too, in a different variation today or tomorrow?"
If this sounds like too nice a distinction, consider common usage: factories shut down rather than shutting up; conversely, your rude brother may ask you to shut up, not shut down.
Participants' preferences for risk displays about multiple clinical outcomes were elicited by asking participants to choose between 2 sets of 3 graphs.
When asked by Newsweek what his family stands for, George W. answered, "Honesty, integrity, serving for the right reasons."
But Slate's technical-support department (three chimpanzees and a demoted Microsoft program manager) reports that among the most frequently asked questions is this one: "What am I supposed to wear while reading an online magazine?"
Respondents in five states were asked about their willingness to pay to protect national parks or NPS-managed wilderness areas within a particular region.
They were also asked how they found out about CAM therapies, and whether or not their CAM use was supervised by a licensed health care practitioner who practiced CAM either as part of their practice or in whole.
Michigan State University's Movimiento Estudantil Xicano de Aztlan (Chicano Student Movement) took 4,500 university library books hostage for a day and presented the administration with a list of demands that included asking the university to inaugurate a Hispanic studies major, hire more Hispanic faculty, introduce dormitory "culture rooms" devoted to Latino themes, and name a building after Cesar Chavez.
Ask them to rank the beers, 1 through 10, based on how well they like them.
Orrin Hatch plans on asking Freeh to open up his own investigation of these matters independent of Reno's.
For instance, notes the Post , when first asked about some pages he made to Lewinsky, Jordan told the grand jury he was certain he wasn't calling her to ask about the Drudge Report's revelations of Lewinsky relationship with Clinton.
In praying for its cancellation Macbeth is unwittingly asking that chaos should come again, as indeed it does within the world of the tragedy until the restoration of order through Macbeth's death and the assumption of the crown by Malcolm.
She was to ask any questions she wanted to, and when she understood the passage, she was to render it freely into Vietnamese, without attempting to make a verbatim translation.
(Thanks to the WP , by the way, for answering a question nobody asked: Wahid's favorite all-time hit is Janis Joplin's "Me and Bobby McGee."
he asks.
Asked if the Clinton administration is too supportive of Russian President Boris Yeltsin, Bush replies cryptically, "That's going to be an interesting debate in the fall campaign if I'm the nominee, let me just put it to you that way.
The breakthrough came when test designers (or "psychometricians," as they like to call themselves) programmed computers to select questions based on your previous answers, just as in "." When you get a question right, the computer asks a harder one, and an easier one when you get one wrong.
It becomes an obstacle only when authors seek publication through outlets whose customers generally ask for brief details.
In the fourth, they were given another logical-reasoning test, but this time some of those tested were subsequently given about 10 minutes' worth of training in logical reasoning and then asked to re-estimate how well they'd done on the test.
At the meeting, Bin Ladin listened to KSM's ideas without much comment, but did ask KSM formally to join al Qaeda and move his family to Afghanistan.
Upon discovering that recombinant HA-NFATp was phosphorylated in its N-terminal region we asked if the phosphorylation state of HA-NFATp would influence its ability to associate with nuclei in an in vitro assay.
At one point while I was working on the dessert, I asked my wife how long to beat the heavy cream mixture.
As a final generalization, we ask whether there is enough repetition of sequence motifs within a module for its discovery using no information other than the noncoding sequence in the genome.
Asked a factual question, he was helpless, ignorant of the date, of where he lived.
The bathetic discovery that Roman Catholicism has little to do with Horatius has no effect on his philosophy of life (asked to choose between the Russians and the Americans, he chooses the Russians as he chose Rome, because of the letter r , "particularly the capital R , the strongest of all letters"); but there's a larger reality that will not be ignored: the fact that he, thinking only of Leonidas at Thermopylae, has by his choice of faiths isolated himself in a Protestant-majority school.
Several studies have looked at the content of infant feeding information from the perspective of medical professionals [ 14 15 ] , but fewer studies have asked the mothers if and when they received breastfeeding information [ 16 ] . A literature search failed to identify any study that correlates information about breastfeeding in a non-trial setting with feeding patterns including the use of colostrum and prelacteal food.
Crossfire hosts not only are freer to ask more pointed questions, but they're also free to point out that a guest hasn't answered them, to follow up two or three or four times, and ultimately either to extract an answer or to make vividly clear that the guest is ducking.
And yet, if you ask people about their actual No.
Last week I suggested that Clinton watch three movies for inspiration about how to escape the dress: Primary Colors , Presumed Innocent , and There's Something About Mary . Reader Jason Furman reminds me of a fourth film: Gattaca , a sci-fi thriller in which the hero hides small packets of blood in his fingertip and urine in his bladder (don't ask how) in order to fool DNA tests.
So, if the city of Seattle wants to so much as boost late fees on library books, it has to ask the voters.
(They neglected to ask for the week off in their union contract.)
Two months ago, Chatterbox wrote an item praising Bill Bradley for turning the tables on Sam Donaldson and Cokie Roberts when Donaldson asked Bradley, on ABC's This Week , whether he'd ever used any illegal drugs.
The Post notes that when asked if he might consider resigning, his response--the voters want him to do his job--was less "steely" than the "Churchillian 'never'" he responded with last February.
Starting an online magazine is like starting a traditional paper magazine by asking: "OK, you chop down the trees.
Then she tells him how to find the palace and how to approach her royal parents to ask their help, not liking to present him as somebody she had picked up on the beach.
When I wrote Safire to ask whether he could imagine Hemingway, Faulkner, and O'Hara sitting in the grandstand at Yankee Stadium, hot dogs (with mustard) in hand, asking each other, “Whom are you rooting for?”
These baffling prehistoric monuments, or dolmens, consist of standing stones (menhirs) and stone circles (cromlechs) that look like spin-offs from Stonehenge (ask the tourist office in Évora for a pamphlet on these and other dolmens in the area as well as for precise directions).
Asked about the U.S. response to suspicions that North Korea was engaged in underground nuclear development programs, the ambassador said that "the US government apparently understands the serious consequences of military strikes against North Korea, similar to the attacks it conducted against Iraq."
When asked to comment on Elizabeth Dole, Bush tells U.S.
"Why don't you help me a little," he replied, "and not ask me to define the word 'permissive.
But on top of that, he asks what's new.
Stanton asked, "If someone in your family was raped and became pregnant and wanted an abortion, and at the discussion with you they were adamant in their decision to have an abortion, would you support that decision?
I asked Blackard if she recalled Jones describing something dramatic.
But should it be forbidden to ask if we could spend less and do less to protect him?
Everybody's inside carries word that President Clinton notified Congress that he will ask for yet another year of Most Favored Nation status for China, meaning that China will continue to enjoy the tariff and trade treatment extended to most other countries trading with the U.S.
Next, we asked whether the inclusion of PIP 2 in the PS vesicles affected the ability of Boi1-PH to pellet.
Fred Thompson will ask Justice to consider perjury charges against at least six witnesses who testified at his fund-raising hearings this past summer.
It's my guess that you are also asking yourself, "What can I do to help?"
Prom is coming up, and I am currently wondering whether or not to ask anyone.
Then Bin Ladin discovered that Fadl had skimmed about $110,000, and he asked for restitution.
The days when I would enter secondhand stores, ask for one of her books, and have the proprietor tell me that he'd "never heard of Donald Powell" are gone for good.
Providers were asked to estimate the risk of cardiovascular events for a series of older patients (ages 60-79) with hypertension who were being seen in the practice for a blood pressure check.
We've got to ask more of these people-on race and all the other issues that we care about.
I'm asking because I wonder if this year's highlights, wildly disparate as they are (from the slickly commercial Toy Story 2 to the uncompromising Boys Don't Cry ) don't have some concerns in common--the way, looking back, we can see that some of the great early-'70s films took messed-up, naive, hypocritical America as a theme.
The present Canadian Prime Minister, Brian Mulroney, because of his tendency to change his public position on such things as the universality of social programs, is widely known as Lyin'-Brian . In the 1970s, Prime Minister Trudeau was overheard using the f-word in the House of Commons, but when asked about it later, he claimed that what he had said was fuddle-duddle . The country was generally amused (though not deceived) by this humorous explanation.
When Starr negotiated with her, he asked about it.
"At eight that evening Mr. Clinton beckoned her into a private office and asked if he could kiss her," the paper went on.
In addition to these questionnaires, NIAAA suggests that all primary care physicians ask an opening question-"Do you drink alcohol?"
One reject was asked earnestly why on earth he had gone to live in Prague after graduation, surviving on odd jobs instead of starting a career back home.
For example, as a direct result of our LRI work, we were asked to cosponsor (with AARP and MIE) the "Innovations in Civil Legal Services" workshop at the NLADA Annual Conference, described in detail above in Promoting the Development of Effective Legal Services.
I don't know whether my marriage is over and whether to talk to him about all this and ask if we can work things out.
Example: Penn asks, "Do you think the role of government is to redistribute existing wealth or to foster conditions that enable everyone to have a chance to make a higher income?"
Less than two years later, on his deathbed, terribly ill and desirous of death, Keats asked just the same question in one of his last letters: "Is there another life?
Example: Greenberg asks people whether they'd like to "create" bonds to improve infrastructure.
asked Argonne to benchmark AMIGA to the reference case projections of AEO2001.
Sparkman, a pool guard in Scranton, was asked his opinion."
According to a front page NYT story, the army's investigation of an openly gay Republican state legislator who was also in the Army Reserves has re-ignited debate over the armed forces' "don't ask, don't tell" policy.
Bryant asks her, "Did you appreciate the implications of filing a false affidavit with the court?"
Suppose Williams were to ask Bill Bradley, "A few blocks from here, women are walking into a clinic every day and receiving abortions.
Time also asks several celebrities about the pill (Camille Paglia: "The erection is the last gasp of modern manhood."
The boss asked for a list that included blacks and then chose a black off the list.
I asked him.
To date, no one has asked me what it meant.
Voters are already asking whether something is wrong with McCain.
David Plotz is absolutely right in his July 23 piece, "The Secret Service's Real Secret," about the extent to which presidential protection has become absurd, but even Plotz fails to ask outright the most important question: What makes the president's life so valuable?
Those who like it say it's "a sweet, funny little movie" (Ansen, Newsweek ) and that "one finds oneself asking how such familiar material breeds contentment instead of contempt" (Richard Schickel, Time ). Critics also note that two great performances, by Shawn Hatosy as the kid and Alec Baldwin as his gruff dad, help lift the film above cliché.
But before complete triumph is declared, we should ask whether statistical mechanics constitutes a set of necessary and suYcient statements with respect to classical thermodynamics.
CORPORATISM WATCH: "There is a significant difference between asking a White House official for his sources and asking the owner of a Web page on the Internet for his sources," Marvin Kalb, director of the Shorenstein Center on Press and Politics at Harvard, tells the Times .
In the deposition, Clinton denied that he propositioned Paula Jones and also denied having sex with three other women he was asked about.
In November, we sent you a letter asking you to include us in your 1999 budget.
A piece asks where George W. Bush stands on affirmative action.
When asked whether he had lobbied his colleagues to defeat the resolution authorizing the air war, as had been reported, DeLay conceded that he had "talked to a couple of members during the vote" but claimed not to have swayed anyone since it was "a vote of conscience."
"Everyone asks why does she stay in the abusive situation," Youngerman said. "
From the inventories of the initiatives they developed in response to our request, we asked agency officials to identify those agency components and initiatives that, in their view, had successfully involved and empowered employees.
They were asked not to concern themselves with the niceties of spelling, punctuation, and so on.
Chatterbox, who during his one-day immersion in the science of nonverbal communication never came across the name Birdwhistell, asked Reed for more information about Birdwhistell's work.
Newsweek devotes the cover package to Mother Teresa, asking when she will be sainted.
Either way, Greenspan asked the FBI to investigate the breach of security.
When Waldrop's book came out, I wrote him as politely as I could, asking exactly how he had managed to come up with his version of events.
But wealth is one of the things we strive for, so it makes sense to ask how we measure success in that dimension.
Another article asks: Did Soros kill the Russian ruble by predicting its death?
Seven days ago, Chatterbox asked readers who Hillary Clinton should date if she and the president ever split ("").
The problem is when, in conversation, someone asks general questions, such as, "How many children do you have?"
From the time our cat Chappaquiddick (don't ask) was 19 until she died at 20 or 21, we took her to the vet twice a week for dialysis.
Prudie would suggest you not ask the recently bereaved widow to a dancing party as your opening salvo; instead an invitation to Sunday brunch and a stroll would strike the right casual note.
Monday, a New York Daily News gossip column asked, "What presidential candidate is praying that a former secretary doesn't go public with her claim that he's been having an affair with a twentysomething woman?
She asked me the other day.
And there was hilarity among Northerners, for instance, when a Southerner asked, Who's carrying you to the dance?
Please call 266-9622 and ask for Mary to register your foursome early.
First, to inform you of some recent activities of the SPEA MHA Alumni Association and second, to ask for your commitment, both financial and participatory.
Hazmi and Mihdhar emphasized their interest in learning to fly jets, Boeing aircraft in particular, and asked where they might enroll to train on jets right away.
Two of the agencies requesting our assistance on designing and implementing fast pay also asked if the key documents (i.
When Russert asked Gore and Bradley what steps they would consider to ensure long-term solvency for Social Security and Medicare, both candidates tried to rule out the option of raising the retirement age.
Wolf Blitzer ( Late Edition ) and Tim Russert (NBC's Meet the Press ) ask Starr's spokesperson this very question about 10 different times, but he declines to respond in each instance.
Respondents who reported using CAM to alleviate their NVP were asked which CAM therapies they had used.
The CIO states, ƒIf you don«t have a lot of money to spend, you have to ask yourself, what are the little things you can do to show your appreciation.
It called on the Bank of Japan "to act decisively, now," and asked, "Why on earth does the Bank not buy the dollars itself, allowing the domestic money supply to expand in the process?"
Imagine that Al Gore were asked to choose between a Republican president and a pro-life Democrat who had pledged to appoint Supreme Court justices who would overturn Roe vs.
Women who did not wish to participate in the full interview were asked to complete a brief telephone interview that included a subset of the full interview questions.
One reporter asked whether Bauer's former secretary had told him, "I wish you wouldn't behave this way with this woman."
When asked to describe the attitudes of their family, the interviewed mothers were offered four alternatives in random order (negative, indifferent, positive or "do not know").
Subjects were asked to refrain from any activity more strenuous than walking for 3 days before the muscle biopsy.
When CNN's Wolf Blitzer asked Gary Bauer whether Kansas should be allowed to "ban" evolution, Bauer replied, "What Kansas did was allow both views to be presented.
When a couple of police detectives ask a Mafia chieftain (Ben Gazzara) for help in their search for the serial killer, the local bully boys show a little too much fascist zeal, keeping tabs on people's movements and pulling strangers out of cars.
Charging that John was "less than candid," it asks, "How long has he been fooling us?"
That saves time (the new nursing exam takes less than two hours, on average) and also makes tests more accurate, since the computer can ask more questions around your level to ensure you really are in the 63 rd percentile.
By the way, did I mention that this is a woman who is asking for $9,953 a month from now until 2013 for her toddler's travel expenses?
Yet, as Wood--a historian of early America--shows in his essay, it's also a question we've been asking since the colonial era, fitting the answer to the needs of the moment.
We reside in all states excepting Delaware and North Dakota (don't ask me why!)
He has asked the General Accounting Office to conduct a probe.
"And somebody's going to have to sit up some place in an auditorium, in a school, and ask the pertinent question: how many of you all think you all are going to keep your men by having a baby?"
Kennedy's trumpet call, "Ask not what your country can do for you: Ask what you can do for your country," has an ironic history.
What investigators now believe really happened is that another girl, Valeen Schnurr, was shot in both arms and then asked if she believed in God.
Just after World War I, General Motors asked a team of industrial engineers from outside the company to survey its business and recommend strategies for the future.
Also, the Post reports that Cohen asked Sergeyev about yesterday's allegations in the WP about a 1995 agreement by Russia to sell Iraq equipment that could be used to develop biological weapons.
I share your distaste for journalists talking about themselves, and I don't propose that we print our names every time we ask a question.
Why not give consumers a choice, he asks, about whether to use regulated or unregulated products (unregulated products, he stipulates, would have to be labeled as such).
But "if a meeting wasn't going good, sometimes I'd have a guy in the back of the room ask him about the war wound," says French.
Asking Posner to mediate between Microsoft and the Justice Department is a bit like asking Saddam Hussein to oversee elections in Iraq.
They asked the outlet attendant for advice on what drug to purchase.
Oral temperature assessments occurred ≥ 15 minutes post oral food/fluids [ 38 ] . This was assessed by asking participants, "when did you last eat or drink anything?"
Fred Thompson, R-Tenn., when some cable news anchor asked him to assess the election results so far: "When these things aren't going your way, you say, 'It's still early.
Hoffmann sought out Jewish schoolmates from Claus' youth and asked if they had perceived anti-Semitic attitudes in him.
These readers ask: Don't you edit this thing?
In Uganda, the U.S. president's second stop, the daily New Vision reported on a government news conference before the visit, at which the Ugandan Minister for Presidential Affairs Amama Mbabazi was asked if opposition leaders would meet Clinton.
After all, I began by stating that a bacterium swimming upstream in the glucose gradient was acting on its own behalf in an environment, defined an autonomous agent as a physical system able to act on its own behalf, then asked what a physical system must be such that it can act on its own behalf.
), and run into the back room for her textbook in order to ask how to pronounce “banal.”
ning in 1995 when it asked its recipients in each state to
Today, we are asking the federal government to release all correspondence that I've had with every government agency.
Al Hunt (CNN's Capital Gang ) asked, "Is Khatami the Gorbachev of the Middle East?"
Asked what became of her first husband, a profligate actor, Anna remarks matter-of-factly: "It was thought he was murdered by the Nazis but what's the saying?
(Don't ask.)
(Interestingly, Clinton is heard on the Flowers tapes telling her that, when asked, she can characterize their relationship as she pleases precisely because there are no known photographs of them together.
Monica asked these two questions to the marshal manning the X-ray machine at the courthouse door.
Congress asked outside commissions to do the work that arguably was at the heart of its own oversight responsibilities.
The agent asked "Jane" to get an opinion from the FBI's National Security Law Unit (NSLU) on whether he could open a criminal case on Mihdhar.
As stated earlier, the syncytium has been considered important for virus spread and pathology [ 17 ] . Because profilin was obviously important in bringing about cytoskeletal changes, it was logical to ask whether profilin also contributes to the fusion of cell membranes.
Starr says that the question was never put to Hattoy, but that when in the course of a Whitewater interview, Hattoy was asked about his general government duties, he volunteered that, in Starr's words, "it was his job to locate homosexuals" for administration jobs.
EPA was not asked to evaluate the merits of the alternative technology scenarios.
Such differences can be misunderstood: "In one part of the country an unsmiling individual might be queried as to whether he was 'angry about something,' while in another, the smiling individual might be asked, 'What's funny?
"Tell me about your family," he asked a questioner who asked him what he was going to do about school violence.
In addition, we asked the Computer Security Institute to
I mean, no one's even asking them to write articles about the cruise line!
Participants were also asked to rank order their preferences for risk estimates over 10-year, 20-year, or lifetime horizons, presented using bar graphs predicting a woman's risk for developing heart disease, hip fracture and breast cancer.
I am writing to ask you, as a business leader, to invest in our community by contributing to this partnership through United Way of Central Indiana.
he said, according to the Globe . However, the next morning, the Star alleges, he was calling friends, asking, "What have I done?"
In Newsweek , for example, Stuart Taylor Jr. spends an entire column proposing and defending a better question than the media have asked Bush so far: "Would you seek long prison terms for today's 18-year-olds for doing what you say you may or may not have done as a young man--and when you now suggest that whatever you did was a mere youthful indiscretion, and thus irrelevant to your candidacy?"
(1) disseminate all types of information, including alerts, advisories, reports, and other analysis; (2) make databases available to the members; and (3) provide methods for members to ask each other about particular incidents, vulnerabilities, or potential solutions.
When asked what the result would be, Acheson replied that Moscow would then destroy a cache of NATO nuclear missiles in Turkey.
Remember, I'm not asking for "Just Say No" ads or any other form of moralism.
So later I asked the same lady who feminized the goldfish why the roofer used liques when Spanish has the common word gotera meaning the same thing.
Ask your hotel if it is possible to get tickets as these are difficult to come by.
Each group was then asked to answer the same set of questions about their particular era.
When Brokaw asked why someone who makes as much as he does should get the same Medicare benefits as an Iowa schoolteacher, Hatch went on and on: "Well, first of all, I don't think you're going to ask for Medicare with the amount of money you make.
When asked this weekend why the United States was withholding helicopters, Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen.
Gore opines that it would be "inappropriate" for him to "buttonhole" Senators, but hedges--if he's asked, he will "feel free to communicate with them in full."
, age of the child, duration of the illness, etc.) if asked.
That's the question that Kubrick no doubt intended us to ask each other late into the night, just as we once endlessly pondered the meaning of the black monolith in 2001 . But 2001 was a mystery, and Eyes Wide Shut , for all its atmospheric high-mindedness, is just a muddle.
How could I resist," he asked, " a chance to get a head-start on my summer tan?"
On Sunday's talk shows, pundits asked various U.S. officials how they could even "contemplate negotiating with Mr. Milosevic after what he's done."
This person went on to ask, "Has anyone seen the AMLAW 200 pro bono ranking recently?
Asked if she had ever imagined she might be the talk of the whole world, she replied, "Not even in my dreams, and I'm not at all happy about it."
While the Command Center was told about this "other aircraft" at 9:01, New York Center contacted New York terminal approach control and asked for help in locating United 175.
The woman I spoke to coolly asked how much I made as a writer, judged the amount too high to warrant condolences, and said I should be glad to pay my share.
It also noted a report in the American magazine Aviation Week that the U.S. government asked Israel to reconsider its deal with the Chinese.
Although White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card remembered someone telling him about the Saudi request shortly after 9/11, he said he had not talked to the Saudis and did not ask anyone to do anything about it.
The boot disk asked me to check boxes for the language and the keyboard I'd be using, and the source from which I'd be installing Linux.
The story of the Nativity was under discussion, and the least sophisticated member of the class raised her hand to ask, “What is a virgin?”
He said that it was very foggy today and he thought that the boats would probably not be going out--he asked me if I was of the same opinion.
More to the point, Mamet can have himself a whale of a time directing a series of civilized confrontations that escalate in importance--from the young man who asks Winslow senior for his daughter's hand in marriage (and the precise amount of her dowry) to a cunning barrister, Sir Robert Morton (Jeremy Northam), who uses every rhetorical trick he can think of to wear down a Parliament weary of a twopenny schoolboy scandal.
) were asked during the author's tours.
Because profilin stimulated RSV transcription in vitro [ 11 ] and associated with viral transcriptional proteins, N and P, the obvious next question was to ask how important profilin was for viral gene expression in the intact RSV-infected cell.
2. He asked a driving instructor: "How do you keep the natives off the booze long enough to get them past the test?"
Occasionally I try to "relate" to the kids by asking them to fetch Daddy a beer, but I sense that they are drifting away--that I have become, for them, every bit as useless, burdensome, and low-yielding in immediate practical utility as they are for me.
Also by approximately 8:57, FDNY chiefs had asked both building personnel and a Port Authority police officer to evacuate the South Tower, because in their judgment the impact of the plane into the NorthTower made the entire complex unsafe-not because of concerns about a possible second plane.
A few days ago, when a reporter asked about the N word, White House spokesman Joe Lockhart answered, "We have a military objective now, which is to bring President Milosevic to meet these conditions that we have laid out."
The weekend the book was released, a reporter asked Reagan for a comment about it as he entered church.
So in his survey, Penn asks people whether they regard Clinton and the congressional Democrats as liberal, moderate, or conservative.
Asked on Late Edition about George W.'s repeated use of the F-word in his Talk magazine interview, Gary Bauer quips, "I found that article surprising--[although] I'll leave it to Governor Bush to talk with his mom about the language he uses."
"Is it possible," a reporter asked Bauer, "that you may have been engaging in behavior that was perfectly innocent [but] in the minds of the people who work for you and respected you was inappropriate, and that perhaps you--as it was put by someone to me--you appeared a little arrogant in refusing to recognize, according to them, their complaints?"
Culturebox asked that of Richard Ofshe, a social psychologist at UC-Berkeley, and his answer was refreshingly unambiguous: "There is no mental mechanism that could create this ignorance of memory.
In blunt summary (I'm running out of time), perhaps asking us (the unwashed masses) to shell out 20 bucks a year for the privilege of staring longer at this stinkin' monitor for an hour or two more a week, when we'd rather bail outta this rotten sweatshop before the sun goes down, won't be as appealing an expenditure for our meager discretionary income as say, three pitchers of beer or a couple of baseball game tickets.
Out of the blue last night, she asked if we could go out drinking, and--well, let's say I think I finally broke through to her.
asked the Wall Street Journal . Probably not, said most analysts, while agreeing that the market was likely to keep lurching in response to changes in economic indicators.
His writing is full of sentences that begin something like, "As John Cage once asked me ..."
In some cases, members were formally asked to terminate their participation, a member's access was terminated, or a member's organization was asked to replace its representative.
When asked about the charge, Falwell said he had never seen Teletubbies and didn't know whether Tinky Winky was homosexual or not.
' " But Keeping Tabs didn't need to ask Leeves for her thoughts on the Tinseltown thin parade, because she already had--in an interview with the actress that appeared in USA Weekend just before the Star hit the newsstands.
Syria responded by asking radical Palestinian groups in Damascus to end their attacks on Israel.
But it strikes me that I have in you a tremendous resource: instead of wondering what it is conservatives can possibly be thinking when they say or do something I don't understand at all, I can ask you!
The 25-year-old report contains an unjustly ignored example of the fine old political art of deceiving without lying: When Ford was asked at his vice-presidential confirmation hearings if he would ever pardon Nixon if he became president, he replied, "I don't think the country would stand for it."
It took years for me to work up the courage to ask someone not to smoke near me, and now I don't have to do that anymore.
When he had gone, my young French friend asked me in understandable bewilderment, What sort of language was that?
It asked the offices to task all resources, including human sources and electronic databases, for any information pertaining to "current operational activities relating to Sunni extremism."
"Cast both stories as novels, and ask what is the core of the plot," he wrote.
In the resorts on the coast, many traders are aware that some tourists feel uncomfortable with bargaining, and will give you their “best price” straight away if you ask them to.
Just across rue St-Jacques stands the exquisite 13th- to 15th-century Flamboyant Gothic church of St-Séverin, in which Dante is said to have prayed and Saint-Saëns asked to be made honorary organist.
After reading the scripted instructions, each volunteer clinician was allowed to ask questions about the use of each piece of equipment.
(Six months down the road, you can ask for all the post offices you want.)
In 1945, when I was managing editor of the monthly magazine Common Sense (my editor was Varian Fry, who had returned to New York after saving countless lives of artists and writers by arranging for their exit from Vichy France to Spain and Portugal and then to safer havens), I had asked Tucci to write a monthly column.
But to scrutinize a freshly dead body and not ask how it got that way--or if there's anyone nearby with a gun who might want to add to the body count--strikes me as either moronic or insane or both.
The president repeatedly asked us to reconsider.
It's during the lousy years with weak teachers that we parents suddenly find ourselves being led from our particular complaints to ask bigger questions about the whole approach of a school, and being tempted to think in unduly polarized terms--as if there was some clear-cut choice between constructivist and more teacher-directed learning.
In December 1999, Clarke urged Berger to ask the principals to ask themselves:"Why have there been no real options lately for direct US military action?"
They were asked to put each beer in its proper category--and to name a specific brewery and brand if they could.
The WP 's front reports that as part of Ken Starr's effort to methodically reconstruct the details of Monica Lewinsky's life that she communicated to her erstwhile friend Linda Tripp, Lewinsky has been asked to provide fingerprints and a handwriting sample to investigators today.
All they did was look at the cameras and ask who made the video tape and what kind of lead density it had.
asks the Tree.
He still asks me if he is going to die, and if I'm still going to give him my kidney."
There the rabbi asked a TWA representative if he could leave his luggage by the counter for his wife to check in while he parked the car, to which he received a positive response and left to go park.
"It may be more important to ask whether it's helped the people it was supposed to help," he began.
He asked his friend Rees to bring the notebook he kept at home to the sanitarium in the Cotswolds where he was dying.
What the fuck, we must ask, are children being protected from?
A recent study examining the effect of drug advertisements on consumer behavior found that 19% of study participants asked for a prescription, and 35% asked a physician for information about a drug after seeing a drug advertisement [ 1 ] . In order for patients to be effective participants in the decision making process, they need information on the effects of treatment on their health risks that they can use to make health care decisions.
To Queen Victoria, Lin addressed a famous letter, pointing out the harm the “poisonous drug” did to China, and asking for an end to the opium trade; his arguments are unanswerable, but the lofty though heartfelt tone of the letter shows how unprepared the Chinese were to negotiate with the West in realistic terms.
I'll try not to be cavalier about this, but asking me whether I ever play "real" people means you never saw my Mike Wallace or Alan Thicke on Saturday Night Live , and, more sadly, means that you're one of the Washingtonians deprived of my radio broadcast, "Le Show," on which you'd hear Clinton, Gore, Newt, Newt's mom, Carville, Dan Rather, Tom Brokaw, Hillary, Monica, Linda Tripp, Ken Starr, et al.
It asks, "Who are you?
The poem goes on to ask these questions about the poet's task:
II. The editor introduces this section— Names in Literature—by stating the purpose of it, namely, which is to ask if the study of imaginary personages and places does not properly belong to onomastics. (p. 127.)
He also replaced the heroic presidency with the competent one, asking to be judged by what he accomplished, not by how he behaved.
6. "When Bush made his argument for continuing the boycott of Cuba , Bauer drove a truck through it by asking why the same logic didn't apply to trade with China.
Attorney General Janet Reno said she tried to tell National Security Adviser Tony Lake about the Chinese scheme 10 months ago but was unable to reach him by phone, so she asked the FBI to tell the White House, which led to the above fiasco.
I asked him way back then what it would take to win.
Tribes have, on occasion, opted for a blurring of boundaries (asking that state cops patrol reservation land, for example).
"Do you want a list?" he asked, to more tumultuous laughter and applause.
In the wake of its handling of the Marv Albert story, Friday's column asked the WP to clarify its policy on naming names.
Asked a direct question, Lewis immediately changes the subject to some other issue, like gun control.
Since they were all teens, he sarcastically asked them if they had any advice for the Youth of America, and Moesha literally replied that if they believed in themselves, they could make their dreams come true.
Ask Chinese Christians what they want from the United States, and they will not talk about linking trade with human rights.
the pundits ask.
So I went into a shop selling ladies' lingerie and asked for Damenhosen . The girl behind the counter seemed slightly taken aback, and when she came and dangled some lacy panties before my eyes, I was taken aback too.
Five seconds later, Jarrah asked, "Is that it?
TP will have to ask his landlord before bidding, though.
The NYT says the point of that is to ask her if she had an affair with Clinton.
On even less evidence he speculates that Exley may have had homosexual leanings, to which readers may feel entitled to ask: Doesn't everyone?
"Accommodation" of modesty and abstinence--could you ask for a clearer example of backwards campus values than that?
Although Hillary was prepared to answer tough questions, reporters didn't seem to have the stomach to ask them--or at least, I didn't.
5 million asking price."
While he believed the details of Clarke's account to be incorrect, President Bush acknowledged that he might well have spoken to Clarke at some point, asking him about Iraq.
"We believe that Internet users are the soccer moms of the 2000 election," said Ron Nehring, director of national campaigns for Americans for Tax Reform, which asked all presidential candidates to sign a declaration opposing any Internet taxes.
Dan Burton, chairing the House investigation into finance abuses, had to equivocate when asked two weeks ago whether he hadn't indeed taken fund-raising calls in his office.
After exchanging a few pleasantries, he lowered his voice and asked, “What do you think of Martha and I as a potential twosome?”
Rosy, too, had seen the tune as Muskrat, Muskat , and Muscat . I asked him what he thought the original title was.
As he put a question about agriculture to Bradley, Gore asked a member of the audience named Chris Peterson to stand.
she asked.
You ask that the WidgetBuster be withdrawn from the market and that your brother-in-law pay you treble damages and that he pay your cousin Benny, as well.
Just don't ask any hard questions of the book, because it won't answer them.
Asked if he liked Assad, formerly shunned by the United States for being a sponsor of terrorism, Clinton described him as "very experienced and trustworthy; a man of his word."
For this paper, the item asking the patient how breathless he or she feels (0-10) was analyzed separately.
If the network paradigm is as mature and superior as proponents claim, asks Gates, how can the government deem Microsoft an entrenched monopoly?
The first question sufficed, but Monica felt so unsure that she asked the second question.
Meanwhile, for real Lewinsky spontaneity, you had to be in Japan with the president, where, the papers all report, during a "town meeting," Bill Clinton was asked by an Osaka housewife how he apologized to his wife and daughter for his affair.
When Tim Russert asks him whether his upcoming meeting with Buchanan will be at Buchanan's office or his own, he stutters and then refuses to answer.
Still, you may ask, why should the residents of East St. Louis or Detroit provide tax breaks to the district when they have so many problems of their own?
Just ask the former partners and employees of Arthur Andersen.
The thread's already active, so to make your own comments and ask any questions, click here.
The poll doesn't ask the far more interesting question of how many users might change their votes because of the SelectSmart.com results.
he asked.
The WP reports that White House aide Sidney Blumenthal and his wife filed suit yesterday against Matt Drudge and AOL, asking $10 million in compensatory damages and $20 million in punitive damages.
As Newspaper Association of America President John Sturm observed, "Stamp-buying citizens are given no choice other than underwriting advertising mail most of them never asked for and don't want."
The International Court of Justice had asked Virginia to postpone the execution, saying police had violated the Vienna Convention by failing to inform Breard of his right to be helped by Paraguayan consular officials.
"By telling my story and asking other women to tell theirs, I wanted to elucidate the emotional truths that emerge from a particular generation's erotic memory," she explains.
With opera fans on each side of the ocean admiring the other's support system, we must ask: Which method of subsidizing opera is preferable?
When Morrison asked why he did that, his friend answered, So that posterity can compare the various drafts.
It is a good thing that the technical staff at MicroSoft is not being asked to field questions about its Spelling Check; I am not sure I would want to hear the answers.
American officials are asking Germany to let the agent stay.
Many of you have written and asked for details about the sale.
The next day, in a signed op-ed piece, Stothard asked Times readers "to accept the Editor's word" that none of Mirsky's accusations against him were true.
(You could ask the same question about Quayle.)
Gottlieb then forwarded the article by e-mail and asked what in it Watts found racist.
The Post reports that often during the proceeding's five hours, Clinton had to be asked to speak up.
Peter Jennings, who was a somewhat off-key moderator throughout the event, then asked a pointless thumbsucker of a follow-up: "How large a mistake is a president allowed to make?"
For household controls of either type, sexual or non-sexual contact was asked at the end of the interview.
The lawsuit, filed by attorneys for Neighborhood Legal Services Association and Community Justice Project, asked the Allegheny County courts to appoint a board of viewers under the state Eminent Domain Code to determine "just compensation and relocation expenses" for five families who still live there and for several who already were evicted.
Upon receiving the proposal, he asks England's bishops several times to give him a clear justification for the invasion, which will necessarily entail the deaths of thousands of men.
We both still think too much, and are even willing to lower our sophistication, no matter how ersatz, to the childlike simplicity of asking what's wrong with this picture when needed.
Kinsley said he'd answer the question if asked, but no one asked.
He boarded the aircraft, asked the Secret Service about the safety of his family, and called the Vice President.
Second highlight: On the tapes, Tripp apparently encourages Lewinsky to obsess about Clinton, to ask him for help getting a job, and to send him letters via a courier service owned by the family of Tripp's literary agent.
Maybe better not ask.
The character stays remote and self-involved and a bit of a fool, and because Branagh never asks for sympathy, I found myself giving him plenty, much as I've given my sympathy to another Southern peckerhead with spotty morals who's been in the news of late.
Wallace asks the congregation for forgiveness.
(Quayle urged a sort of tolerance for homosexuals that stops short of "approval and endorsement"--which sounds suspiciously like Clinton's "don't ask, don't tell" construction.)
In the analysis of these data, we (1) explored the relationship between expression, G 1 phase time, and cell density, (2) asked whether the transcriptional promoter affected those relationships, (3) explored analytical methods for describing expression within the context of these relationships, and (4) asked whether the "intrinsic expression potential" of Tag affected Tag expression at high cell density.
A reporter asked him about conservative opponents who associate him with his father's moderation.
Barzani's KDP, in turn, asked for Hussein's help (even though Hussein had slaughtered thousands of Barzani's supporters during the 1980s).
Bryant asks her, "Did you understand in the context of the telephone conversation with the president that early morning of December the 17 th ...
One reader asks why we don't discuss how politicians and advertisers twist language to get across their point of view or sell their product.
Whatever they wind up doing, I'm adopting a "don't ask/don't tell" policy about it.
Then he issued a mixture of lies and weasels about it, making it virtually impossible for him to give an honest answer if asked a straightforward question.
1. "With so many debates, just about every conceivable question has now been asked and answered repeatedly.
First, let me answer the most frequently asked question, How is Fred Cassidy doing?
asks the first woman.
At our kitchen confab (which would probably, I'm sorry to say, take place not around the table--since many single people live in apartments where the kitchen is the size of a linen closet--but around the counter), I might suggest that the first lady ask Janet Reno or Donna Shalala if they ever feel stressed out or over-committed, even though they aren't "packing lunches, dropping the kids off at school, and going to work."
Before Vice President Cheney visited the CIA in mid-February, Clarke sent him a memo-outside the usual White House document-management system-suggesting that he ask CIA officials "what additional information is needed before CIA can definitively conclude that al-Qida was responsible" for the Cole.
A column in Thursday's Daily Telegraph strongly attacked Jeremy Paxman, one of Britain's best-known radio and TV interviewers, for being "insulting" to Kissinger when he asked him if he felt "a fraud" on receiving the Nobel Prize for "bringing peace" to Vietnam, and whether he waited 17 years to produce these memoirs because he wanted "to rewrite history."
A question that asks whether a woman has ever had a hysterectomy, along with solicitation of the woman's current age, indicates the prevalent proportion of women who have had a hysterectomy by a certain age.
he asked.
Ask a British schoolchild to name his favorite political party and you might be surprised.
Williams persisted, "No, I'm asking you about your personal opinion."
So before we are asked to digest proposals and reforms, I am hungry to know more about the other causes of Barton's rampage, and some real consideration of what, if anything, makes day trading particularly nefarious.
Daley did better than wonder: In a story published in Wednesday's Courant , Daley tracked the 85-year-old Felt down in California and asked him if he was Deep Throat.
He wrote that he had been asked to be available to mediate in the Kosovo conflict but had replied that he would only do so "if and when the parties are truly determined to seek a political solution."
“Whereas sexologists have previously asked whether the female gentilia resemble those of men, Eve's Secret suggests that men's sexual organs may be derived from those of women.”
His later chapters ask whether, in a new world where blacks are present (if still in small numbers) in our society's most powerful intellectual institutions, black thinkers might be free to spend less time thinking about what it means to be black.
And the Los Angeles Times reports that when the House managers asked for up to eight hours to question Lewinsky in the Senate chamber, "a clearly disgusted" Sen.
Second, the Senate request asked EPA to assume a 2002 start date in running the technology and policy scenarios.
Since becoming the Comptroller General at the beginning of fiscal year 1999, I have not asked for any increase in our approved 3,275 full-time equivalent staffing level.
The paper says that when asked by Starr on Monday whether he had asked Currie to get the gifts back, President Clinton didn't really answer the question.
Although all questions asked of the subjects refer to the two weeks prior to development of cryptosporidiosis and the statement is reiterated at several points during the questionnaire, it is likely that people do not recall exact consumption but tend to describe their usual patterns when asked about routine habits such as consumption of drinking water.
The poll also shows that campaign-finance reform is low on voters' lists of election concerns; asked about this on Late Edition , McCain blames the wording of the questions.
Well, Cohen asked the Coast Guard to run the numbers and learned that rescuing Richard Branson and company cost taxpayers $130,275.
For example, a common language exercise in schools is to ask students to complete well-known proverbial sayings like those below: each is followed by the completions given in one Caribbean school (as collected over a period of time by a teacher).
A Seattle cyberwag says that the name "SLATE" is appropriate, because whenever he asks anyone from Microsoft, "How's your project coming along?"
I received somewhere around 2.7 million e-mails from Slate readers asking for help in the battle against poor customer service.
What we have to ask, however, is whether that was a bad thing.
People often ask me how they can “improve’ their vocabularies and what books I can recommend as aids.
If you have or have not yet contributed to the foundation this year I am asking you to consider doing so.
I asked where his name had come from.
The respondents are asked, among other things, if they read advertising mail and if they find it useful.
One world war later, Germany asked for forgiveness again, but this time the expression was genuine.
It also asks statement recipients to check their listed earnings to help correct errors and ensure benefits are correct when workers retire, become disabled, or die.
Dole's campaign manager, Scott Reed, used the same weaselly language when he issued a statement attacking the "administration's potentially criminal actions in squeezing money out of the Indonesian Lippo conglomerate," going on to ask the president, "Why have you used U.S. foreign policy in Indonesia as a fund-raising tool to help secure illegal campaign contributions from a foreigner?"
Readers are asked at this point to observe a moment of silence.
The two questions ask about the employee's satisfaction with his or her job and the employee's overall satisfaction with the organization.
During the spring and summer of 2001, President Bush had on several occasions asked his briefers whether any of the threats pointed to the United States.
Kendall, the president's lawyer, not even intending a perjury trap, asked Starr whether anybody had been fired for leaking, and Starr said, "No, because I don't believe anyone has leaked grand jury information."
That NYT piece that caught Bill Clinton speaking off the cuff about sanctions also includes his confession that late at night he often gets a call from Chelsea asking him about some item from the next day's paper that she's read on the Internet, but that he knows nothing about.
A quasi-Borgesian conceit, but Saramago uses it to ask how people love when disaster upsets the social norms.
We have been asked to examine the reasons for state variation in unfiled returns.
Each caregiver was asked thirteen questions about the type of care the patient required.
When Clinton's lawyer David Kendall challenged the propriety of these briefings, Starr dismissively replied, "You're asking [about] press policy as opposed to constitutional issues."
Dole's Real Record successfully broadens the issues beyond drugs and asks, "Which candidate is more caring?"
The latest Drudge Report rightly reminds that Dowd hasn't always worn white gloves to the keyboard: "Weren't you the one," he asks, "who wrote about Nancy Reagan allegedly having an affair with Frank Sinatra in the White House--on the front page of the New York Times ?" Drudge could have added that unlike the "dirt" he has dished on Clinton this year, Dowd's Nancy/Frank story has never been substantiated.
I intended to ask participants to devise similar but imaginary perqs that perfectly captured the ethos of other media companies, but then I couldn't shake the image of Ved Mehta in spandex, so I think I'd better go lie down and put a cold compress on my forehead.
Physicians frequently ask about tetanus immunizations even though almost none have ever seen a case of tetanus.
But then Bradley neglected to ask the obvious question: since Willey was aware of Clinton's interest, wasn't she hoping to use her sexual attraction to help her get the paying White House job she desperately needed?
"When you say you have 'no intention' to commit ground troops to accomplish the mission in Kosovo," Rather asked Clinton, "does that mean we are not going to have ground troops in there--no way, no how, no time?"
In the U.S. the first questions we ask small children with whom we are confronted are: “What's your name?”
"What's your name?" a woman sitting on a bench asks him.
As I once heard a man asking a woman out on a date, If you're interested, just let me know.
Then a conservative legal group asked the three judges who had appointed Starr to intervene.
Should I let the matter slide; should I ask the manager to change the locks; or should I ask for the key back?
He had some effective rejoinders, such as when he told Keyes to buzz off when Keyes asked him a question about how he would handle his daughter wanting an abortion.
No one at the meeting asked him what he knew; he did not volunteer anything.
Before Binalshibh left Spain, he gave Atta eight necklaces and eight bracelets that Atta had asked him to buy when he was recently in Bangkok, believing that if the hijackers were clean shaven and well dressed, others would think them wealthy Saudis and give them less notice.
it asked.
Apple CEO Gil Amelio resigned , prompting several newspapers to ask whether the company is headed for extinction.
If asked to participate in press briefings sponsored by requester(s), GAO will provide support if the press briefing is held in Washington, D.C.
He angrily asked Rice to callTenet."
One detail missing from this and usually from other labor sick-out stories: When so many people miraculously call in sick on the same day, does the company ask for a note from a doctor and if so, do the doctors then lie?
After an entry interview and training, selected members of the household are asked to keep a diary of every mail piece sent or received by the household during the sample week.
We cannot bring class-action suits, and we cannot ask for attorney's fees when we win a case.
These circumstances involve situations in which the request (1) addresses an important issue of broad interest to multiple committees or the Congress as a whole, (2) involves an issue that is a legislative priority or is on a fast legislative track, or (3) asks for a compilation of information which GAO has developed from a substantial body of prior work and/or work originally requested by others.
' And so I asked them, 'Why are you voting for me?
Can we ask her to have her dad pay for a portion of the dresses so it's not a financial hardship for us?
Smolin puts approximate maximum and minimum bounds on these twenty constants and asks a straightforward question: In a twenty-dimensional parameter space ranging over the plausible values of these twenty constants, what volume of that parameter space is consistent with values of the constants that would yield a complex universe with stars, chemistry, and potentially, life?
The foreman of the jury, asked if they had agreed upon their verdict replied, We have well considered the evidence, and, although we think grave suspicion is attached to the prisoner, we do not think there is sufficient evidence to show how or by whom the chloroform was administered.
La Stampa of Turin ran a comment by Gabriele Romagnoli, who asked why nobody has asked Clinton the most important question: "Mr.
Asked if he regretted the personal distress suffered by Lewinsky, Starr replied: "She--as an obviously highly intelligent young adult, a professional, a college graduate--made a most unfortunate judgment, and that was that she would commit federal crimes in order to obstruct the judicial process in the form of a sexual harassment action [the Paula Jones case].
The fact that readers would even have to ask such questions should put the stamp of death on this deal at once.
It is also accessible from Málaga by train; ask for a ticket to El Chorro.
I am asking you: Why is everything so hard now--more so than 25 years ago?
When I asked him what “normalginas” meant, if anything, he said that Normalgina was the trade name of a Mexican analgesic much like Anacin.
Her recommendation to turn to starboard 20 degrees conforms with the International Navigational Rules; I agree and ask her to watch the vessel until it is well past and clear.
"The enormous legal assistance gap cannot be tolerated by a just society, by a society that asks people to be governed by the rule of law," said Miller. "
The Kosovo peace talks made progress . The ethnic Albanian delegation, which is seeking independence from ethnically Serbian Yugoslavia, agreed to the peace deal in principle but asked for two weeks to convince its armed allies to abandon their rebellion against the Serbs in exchange for limited self-rule.
I ask because my practice has always been to allow about five minutes grace, then remove it.
Finally, Chatterbox asked: Will the Seagram Building make it to the year 3,000?
If we keep our prices low, we need to come to you, our audience members, to ask for a small contribution in order to help us meet this mission.
Last month on Crossfire , co-host Bill Press asked Forbes about "abortion."
We can, of course, continue to ask why there is evil in the world.
Last year, when asked to apologize, Clinton repeatedly insisted that he had already done so.
Harris' hits were (as TV movies say) "based on a true story"--like his grisly ballad of an orphan girl asking the telephone operator to be put through to her dead mother, "Hello, Central, Give Me Heaven."
If you have no idea what Prudie is talking about, ask your parents.)
Some of butchest guys around go all atwitter when ladies ask them about their guns.
Is it too selfish of us to ask for a repeal of the 22 nd Amendment--for four more years of Clinton and another $40 million for Ken Starr?
The LAT and WP leads report that Henry Hyde wrote a letter to the Senate asking for a postponement in the start of deliberations to allow the new questions about Sidney Blumenthal's truthfulness to be addressed.
( Slate 's Jodi Kantor asks, "How did Wolf start out as Betty Friedan and end up as ?" But Slate 's William Saletan argues that the complaints about Wolf are .)
In an op-ed article, the Guardian 's Washington correspondent asked why disasters in the United States receive so much more attention in the European press than much worse disasters elsewhere.
This is a first for Prudie, who has never been asked before to decide about someone's chest enhancement.
They seemed to understand every part of a woman's dress better than we do ourselves: and they recommended caps and ribands with an air of so much importance, that I wished to ask them how long they had left off wearing them!
Bennett, evidently troubled and hurt by my former employer Steven Brill's ugly portrayal of him, had asked if we could get together for a private and personal conversation to help him understand why a man whose fairness I had mistakenly touted to Bennett would write a catalog of falsehoods and distortions about Bennett and Starr, painting them both as criminals.
If you ask one of these Clinton detractors what she objects to, she is likely to mention that the president is duplicitous, disloyal, and unethical.
Because product proliferation is the order of the day in all these markets, textile firms are being asked by their customers to provide many more products in smaller lot sizes and with shorter lead times.
Hunt asks Novak sweetly at one point if Margaret Carlson can speak.
The reader may be most amused by lesser players like Mark Canton, the credit-hungry head of production at Columbia, who pathetically asked the producers of A Few Good Men to thank him publicly at the premiere (they did) and implored Nick Nolte to thank him if he got a Golden Globe award for Prince of Tides (Nolte won, but didn't).
he asks Johnson, trying to get rid of him.
It was the primal scene of maternal betrayal, the older woman eliciting the confession all too easily from the younger one and then using it to make her the laughingstock of the nation: Walters asks Lewinsky to imagine hypothetical children; Lewinsky tells them that "Mommy made a big mistake"; Walters concludes with a stunning outburst of moral hypocrisy, "And that is the understatement of the year."
Today we are asking you to take a few minutes to consider making a contribution to Pleasant Run to help the 1,500 children families we care for.
When asked how Germany can solve its current economic slump, Bloomberg tells Germans, "I don't know anyone who is successful and doesn't work at least 12 hours a day on five or six days a week.
By casting Clinton's question to Currie as rhetorical, the Times ' source implied that he was asking Currie to lie to back up his version of events.
Each agency designing automated employee travel voucher systems discussed in the previous section also asked us if the traveler could retain the supporting hardcopy documentation.
"Raimundo Silva bent over, turned on the sound, Leonard Cohen made a gesture as if to thank him, now he could sing, and sing he did, he sang of things only someone who has lived can sing of, and asks himself how much and for what, someone who has loved and asks himself who and why, and, having asked all these questions, he can find no answer, not one, contrary to the belief that all the answers are there and that all we have to do is to learn how to phrase our questions."
I should simply have asked: "What did it say on the back?"
"I think that giant American corporations should start asking themselves if the things they make are really, I mean really, better than the ordinary," the eponymous Mr. Peterman avers on his catalog's first page, under the heading "Philosophy."
However, the endogenous p1-rr allele of maize did acquire paramutagenicity after exposure to a specific P1 -enhancer transgene [ 11 ] . Against this background we investigated the possible relay of an imprint triggered by the Arabidopsis C73 trans-silencer locus, asking specifically whether targets trans-silenced by the C73 locus (a) acquired trans-silencing activity, and (b) were able to pass their imprint on to a naive target locus in a heritable fashion.
This Week With Sam and Cokie (ABC) co-host Cokie Roberts asks her colleagues what went wrong with their predictions from last week.
In a recent column, "" asked for advice about a friend who lies.
Earlier, Novak actually ask ed Carlson if he could interrupt!
Greenberg asks people why they voted for Clinton instead of the Republicans.
Please help, because now that I am in college it is very frustrating when people ask me whether I'm an international student, or their first question is "Where are you from?"
Still, the undisputed king of graft seems to have been Jean-Claude Ganga, an influential IOC member from the Republic of Congo, who asked for medical treatment for himself, and a free knee replacement for his mother-in-law.
Roger Ebert calls it a "splendid comic thriller" (the Chicago Sun-Times ). The chases are inventive (skis, powerboats), the double-entendres apt (secretary asks Bond if he'd like to "check her figures"), the women beautiful (Denise Richards and Sophie Marceau), and the plot irrelevant (something about oil pipelines).
"I met all the criteria, I met all the qualifications," he told reporters who asked about the Times story July 4. His spokeswoman used the same term: "The military found him absolutely qualified to be commissioned."
When I ask people how they use their dictionaries, they tell me for spelling (now I suppose more and more people just use spell checkers for that), or sometimes to look up an unfamiliar word.
The spot's directness thus far papers over the tired language--and the camera moves swiftly to Rodriguez facing his student audience again, asking once more: "Are you with me?"
Being asked to make a judgment about a surname merely on the basis of its modern spelling is rather like being asked to give the meaning of a word such as pain without being told whether the word is English or French and without knowing whether the word should really be spelled pane .
Eventually Arroway gets around to asking what is no doubt her most urgent question: "I want to know what you think of us, what you really think."
The editor of Slate has often asked others to track down a quote, sees nothing wrong with it (as long as you ask politely), and doesn't believe the article suggested there was anything wrong with it.
asked an incredulous Michael Damico.
Other recent gaffes include: "The question we need to ask: Is our children learning?"
Not only are neural networks trained to the specific question, rather than a loose derivative of that question, and tested for generality, but they can also be asked for a quantitative assessment of how they got the correct answer.
To determine whether any of the 129 novel module predictions were correct, we asked whether any of the adjacent genes were patterned in the blastoderm.
A special issue on "How the World Sees Us" asserts that the United States has reached a new level of cultural domination and asks whether the world is enjoying it.
Ask not whether your candidate is worthy of you, but whether you are worthy of your candidate.
The stage hypnotist, who appears to be controlling his subjects, first enlists their cooperation by asking for volunteers, and then picks subjects who can use hypnosis easily.
The remark: "You don't stand outside a bodega and ask the bandito if he would have killed someone if there was a death penalty."
Assuming Alexander's campaign does come to an end next week as predicted, we must ask why it never got off the ground.
Ask your concierge where the place to be is, or just follow the crowds along the strip.
In the letter to Administrator Whitman, Senators Jeffords and Lieberman asked for an analysis of four different scenarios, requesting that EPA "analyze the cost and benefits, including all sectors of the economy and impacts on both the supply and demand side of the equation, of the following multi-pollutant emission control scenarios for the nation's electricity generators.
As several correspondents have written to me asking if I really wrote the words “an historical,” as printed in my guery on `Corduroy' last week, I hope that I shall be allowed to say that I did not.
You're better off picking your detergent by its scent (or, if you ask me, lack thereof) than you are judging it by what's on the label.
asks Kennedy, his accent as thick as his barely concealed resentment toward Johnson.
We are asking for your ten dollars to help fund our programs of Research, Education, and Patient Service and Rehabilitation.
The Los Angeles Times has reported that Clinton asked Ferguson not to testify about the encounter with Jones.
The next questioner asked about campaign reform, but Gore refused to let go of the health-care dispute.
Because logophiles regularly ask about the progress of the Dictionary of American Regional English (familiarly known as DARE), I'd like to take the opportunity of VERBATIM's rebirth to bring you all up to date.
In Abdullah's telling, when Khallam visited the al Qaeda operatives at their motel that evening, Abdullah was asked to leave the room so that Hazmi, Mihdhar, and Khallam could meet in private.
Students would learn ten times more about words and how they are used if, instead of being asked to remember what is grammatically or lexically correct, they were asked in class to play roles such as shoe salesmen or lords of the manor and by doing so got a feel for what is said by such people in such dialogues—not just what is said , but what is said in such by such people dialogues .
Later, when asked about his initiative to require homeless people to get jobs or leave their homeless shelters, Giuliani said the initiative "emerges from the mandates of the welfare reform bill that was signed by President Clinton.
In this population-based case-control study of women residing in Marin County, we asked about generally recognized risk factors [ 5 12 ] and a variety of adolescent physical, psychological, and social factors.
And in case anyone misses the implication that Bush is funding the ads in violation of campaign-finance laws, McCain tells Bush to ask his supporter where the ad campaign's "money is coming from."
I suppose that many people who watched the TV version of Huxley's novel (NBC; April 19, 1998) must have asked themselves this question.
"Really?" he asks, at which point the children's eyes turn black and they scream, "No, it's a joke!
No wonder he's in major-league denial when asked about matching Poppy's achievements.
Next time such a question is posed, ask them if they really want the answer.
The USAT lead states that leaks indicate that in his deposition last Saturday, Clinton was asked detailed questions about his sexual history with at least four women, including one woman escorted by a state trooper to a rendezvous just days before he became president.
The Russian daily Nezavisimaya Gazeta said, "Russia is begging for money" and quoted a source in the Kremlin as saying that President Boris Yeltsin might visit Germany on June 8 or 9 and ask for a loan of several billion German marks.
"We ask every nation to join us."
When the city's newly hired zoo director came to town for a meet-and-greet recently, reporters were warned in no uncertain terms that he was not to be asked about the library.)
Carlson recounts asking Bush about his handling of the Karla Faye Tucker episode last year.
But none of the questions, nor any like them, was ever asked.
If you wish to walk in the park, pick up a leaflet or ask for information about the daily guided walks.
Asked if he agreed that the quality of the world's press is in decline, Remnick replied: "We are the living proof of the opposite: Investing in quality has and always will have a place in the market.
M ost dubious proof of pregnancy: The Globe 's aforementioned Jennifer Aniston story, in which one of the "strong hints" that Aniston was "in a family way" was the fact that when children come to the Friends set, she is always "the first to rush over and ask if she can hold the tot."
They ask him "on what principles we may most easily support the weight of increasing years."
Why is it, as etymologist Walter Skeat asked frequently in the last century, that people will not hesitate to proffer publicly their guess-work on word origins and other language matters, when they would not similarly dare to explain the ordinary facts of botany and chemistry?
How much would you have to pay somebody to do a job like that, I asked.
Once a product is publicly released, GAO staff with expertise in the subject matter will answer questions from the media when asked.
Like the Cloisters, these discs contain ravishingly crafted bits and pieces extracted from their intended setting; restored, reassembled, and asked to keep right on glowing exactly as they did before.
The Washington Post lead, coming in the wake of yesterday's USAT lead claiming that the government would be asking for Microsoft to be broken in two, says the government is actually asking for it to be broken into three.
It also asks that the requirement to charge twice as much as USPS for urgent delivery be changed to $2 more than USPS's rate.
In interviews, Beatty repeatedly chokes when asked for specific political ideas.
CQ asked detailed information on consumption of each type of citrus fruit and juice.
If you asked why you'd be hit on the head.")
At one point, when Monica Lewinsky is asked if she thinks Bill Clinton is an intelligent man, she replies, "I think he's an intelligent president."
Yesterday, the WP reports, Clinton said he'd asked the White House counsel to study the ethical and legal requirements governing future fund-raising efforts.
Baffled by Olivier's nonchalance, Hoffman, still breathing hard, asked him how he prepared for a scene.
Slate is certainly free to come out on any side of any issue, but when it comes to an issue in which Microsoft has a huge financial stake, I think the least we readers can ask is that you take care to learn the basic facts of the matter and check that what's in the article is at least remotely plausible.
But today, I am asking you to be even more aware of Mother's Day this year, and what it means to women and children in need.
The police started asking questions about Josh: Does he do drugs?
After having used the LSTAT in the recovery room, the nursing staff was asked to critique the use of the LSTAT in managing critical events.
George Bush didn't ask permission to invade Panama in 1989.
Noting the central position of the “pursuit of happiness” in America’s Declaration of Independence, the Los Angeles Times asked in 1926: “How can one pursue happiness by any swifter and surer means than by the use of the automobile?”
He probably asks himself the same question.
The Federal Register notice asked that comments be directed to the following questions:
Audit committees should be demanding more information from auditors and asking auditors if they have sufficient resources, both in number and expertise, to adequately perform the audit.
She asked me to identify the state in which the rental was to occur, which I did.
Glassman begins by asking whether you'd rather have $100 in a savings account that pays 6 percent interest or a $100 share of a company that earned $1 per share last year.
and asked instead to consider "What's best for clients throughout my state?"
She is so beautiful, and I would love to ask her out, but I am shy, and she is always working when I see her.
Two interesting notes: 1) Gore was asked to solicit money from FedEx Chairman Frederick Smith, and was briefed with a memo noting that the administration "has been very responsive to his company."
Clarke urged Berger to ask his colleagues.
Then make a similar call posing as a reporter from the Washington Post . I needn't ask which call would get returned.
Ask Jeeves
"Could I ask you a question before you go?"
But can you forgive someone who hasn't really asked for forgiveness?
He suggested that his situation was different from Bill Clinton's because his affairs were "not with employees on my staff, and I have never been asked to testify under oath about them."
2 AMIGA is especially suited to the t ask identifying and evaluating a different mix of technologies in the production of goods and services within the United States.
Then, moving in to eat his cake, he asks us to applaud their modesty.
they ask suspiciously.
In addition, the questionnaire asked how the juice was stored, i.e. types of containers, and whether citrus juices and citrus peel were added during food preparation and/or food serving [ 28 ] . TQ asked about usual tea intake over the past year, as well as a lifetime consumption pattern and how the past year intake differed from the lifetime pattern (amount or type or preparation techniques).
In connection with Dr. Zellig Bach's article, “The Scandalous Yiddish Guide of the Census Bureau” [XVII,2], I thought your readers might like to know that in mid December of 1990 I received a call from an official of the Census Bureau asking me whether I concurred with Dr. Bach's negative comments on the Yiddish Guide . Having seen the Guide , I replied that I indeed agreed fully with Dr. Bach's assessment.
Borders' system is that when the book arrives, you are sent a postcard asking you to come to the store and pick it up.
Asked what Bradley thinks now of welfare reform, his press secretary, Eric Hauser, said "that it had some fundamental flaws in terms of the federal government simply handing money over to the states" and that Bradley continues to harbor "some doubts about its long-term viability."
If Stephanopoulos didn't know all along, his self-enforced ignorance (why did he go on "without asking"?)
A person who insults you in a cheap department store by asking, Do you work here?
In desperation, she asked him if there was anything she could do to make his day complete.
"Black in America" erupted when an African-American fraygrant asked which white fraygrant would be the first to apologize to him for slavery.
The case in point: A little more than a week ago, Foxman wrote a letter to NBC asking it never to rebroadcast portions of a Dec. 4 Saturday Night Live skit he said were offensive to Jews.
If women know they are not going to be supported by welfare checks but are going to have to work, they are apt to ask more of the men in their lives--specifically, they are apt to ask that men contribute by going to work.
When men asked to meet her she stood them up or sent photos of a blonde model.
It's that magic I am asking you to keep alive and well for all children in the state of Indiana.
Several Democratic senators seemed taken but--or so I was told--were asked to steer clear by the vice president's office.
hard copy or summarized data-provided by the audited entity or retrieved from the Internet-you can ask for the electronic data file used to create the hard copy or summarized data.
I can't tell you how many men ask this question.
Not only can employers ask, they can require it; and if you refuse more than once to do something your employer has asked just because nobody put it in your job description, you might even be denied unemployment benefits when they fire you.
Kaufman did contend that Millea's article was "pretty vicious" and "not accurate," and offered his side of the confrontation, which was basically that Millea "kept coming" when he asked her to stay away.
Whether the Department of Justice thinks it is legal or not, do you think Microsoft is being rude by installing the browser without asking?
HLS came in dead last when Princeton Review asked 11,000 law students at 140 schools to quantify their "quality of life."
It can't select which questions to ask.
Ask Jeeves isn't perfect; in fact, it often exhibits a grasp of reality that falls somewhere between a database and the Magic 8-Ball.
But he added something no Western politician says--at least not until he's at his sentencing--he asked his countrymen to "forgive me."
But, interestingly, she didn't dispute it the first time she was asked about the story--by Howie Kurtz for his first story.
The major fiestas are listed in the Calendar of Events (see page 92), but ask the tourist information office about what’s going on during your stay.
A few minutes later, Stephanie Trotter, a local NBC reporter, asked the candidates, "Gentlemen, I'm curious.
The Jerusalem Post pointed to a "novelty-seeking and risk-taking gene discovered in Israel" (see "International Papers" for ). Michael Kelly asks Washington Post readers why "we lard up the sorrow with this great and gross festival of national media blah-blah about Camelot and royalty and The Kennedy Curse."
They specifically asked for Malaraquin (a popular brand of chloroquine).
Asked by a surprised reporter if he really meant what he said, the minister replied, "Yes, I mean it.
Because we did not ask about adult or recent physical activity in the interview, we cannot assess the impact of these factors on the body size results.
One federal entity asked GAO whether it would be permissible to make purchase order or contract payments (without a vendor's invoice) solely on the basis of a receiving report or other documentary evidence showing receipt and acceptance.
Several patients asked for and received suggestions about how to use hypnosis to ameliorate non-pulmonary symptoms such as abdominal pain, headaches, and insomnia, or to help improve their school or athletic performance.
Our good friends have asked us if we would care to join them at a weekend Christian fellowship event.
Should I let the matter slide; should I ask the manager to change the locks; or should I ask for the key back?
I realize that asking her to relinquish the "title" may jeopardize our relationship, but I don't understand her behavior at all.
he asked.
Presumably, the three classmates split up the list of Bush's business-school class and asked everyone for a check.
The April 13 document asking field offices to gather information on Sunni extremism did not mention any possible threat within the United States and did not order surveillance of suspected operatives.
The Egyptians asked for international help to fund the projects, and UNESCO stepped in to provide money and expertise.
He has asked Congress to increase interdiction funding by 7 percent and international program funding by 25 percent in 1997.
Just ask your resident visionary.
I'm asking myself why I so easily read past all such lefty rhetoric in this bio; I pretty much took it as a given--like the local weather, as you so nicely put it--and at least felt that Cook took no pains to conceal her point of view.
It is nonsense to ask an illiterate person if he's reading a book.
he asked, apparently now wondering whether Joshua might be the shooter.
We imprudently forged ahead and settled into our room (we're sharing, though as part of my "hands-off' "policy--see below--I always ask for two beds).
Who exactly, we must ask, are these soccer moms who hold the nation's fate in their hands?
Recently a brisk, chummy young woman whom I had just met asked me what my first name is.
This is, of course, the same question we are now asking about welfare recipients.
He sent letters to all 50 governors asking them to ban ultimate fighting.
I end my e-mail as I began it, by asking if the author truly believes that a few chicken wings given to black preachers, a few honorable mentions and awards to a couple of black poets, or visits and speeches to commemorate historic memorials and visionaries within the black community are enough to lead blacks to rally behind a president who has allowed our community to lose whatever gains were given to us by a browbeaten Congress of the war-torn 1960s.
In his NYT column, Paul Krugman asks, "Why was the market so easily spooked?
It is ironic that your letter asks about initiating a correspondence, while your quotation from Ms.
And as long as we're asking annoying questions: Where are all the great films of John Cassavetes, most of which have not yet been released on video?
The other women gasped and asked, “And what is the famous Lipschitz curse?”
In fact, prosecutors told Pollard they would ask for a "substantial" sentence and then didn't ask for a life sentence.)
When Walters asks whether she takes "responsibility" for the affair, Lewinsky answers, "Not complete responsibility."
In an Oct. 9 telephone interview, I asked one of them, Lydia Cathey, if Jones described what Clinton had done.
They are asking all their fellow dentists to sign an appeal against such fillings (even though, unfortunately, they are already in the teeth of around 30 million French people).
The Washington Post lead, coming in the wake of yesterday's USAT lead claiming that the government would be asking for Microsoft to be broken in two, says the government is actually asking for it to be broken into three.
The assembled reporters have to ask questions, but they know he can't answer them.
Asked how she and her husband manage to juggle so many competing demands upon their time, Schwartz replied, "we don't watch TV."
The corresponding WP editorial applauds the fact that the nation will hear what Lewinsky has to say, and asks the White House to refrain from savaging her.
When asked whether "at some point" dealing with Milosevic would "become impossible," Lockhart scoffed, "I am not going to spell out a timetable or what he has to do."
I think that it is important for you to know that LSC initially stressed the importance of state planning in 1995 when it asked its recipients in each state to participate in the development of a plan for the design, configuration, and operation of LSC-funded programs in their states.
And who, exactly, had followed Bush and asked him the question that day?
"He's a friend and I like him, and when a friend asks for help, you give him help," says Peter Flanigan, who worked with Alexander in the Nixon White House and gave CNAC $5,000.
Primarily, this included setting filters for experimental time points (with Microsoft Excel), asking for genes that were expressed more highly in one case than another (for example, wild-type T240 greater than mutant T240, or combinations such as wild-type T240 greater than both ActA and PrfA T240, and so on).
Considering the inverse correlation between p27 and SKP2 protein levels, we asked whether ectopic SKP2 can forge p27 down-regulation in LNCaP cells.
He again asked for authorization to engage.
It asks questions like: "Have you wanted to harm yourself?
Punditus Interruptus II, The Sequel: One moment McLaughlin Group "host" John McLaughlin is asking Pat Buchanan to "stop baiting" Eleanor Clift.
At the press conference, following this morning's speech, I couldn't resist asking Bradley what that was supposed to mean.
people often ask me.
I well know what I say when I ask for
One of the students wrote: "If there was one question I would like to ask the people who live in these neotraditional communities, it would be: What would it take to make you move?"
But this in turn raises another issue: Does Ofili want us to ask whether he is any good, or does he not short-circuit the evaluative process by making art contrived to raise hell with Catholics and excite a frisson of old-time anticlericalism in the rest of us?
We bid like addicted gamblers, placing opening bids $20,000 over the asking price with a clause to increase our price another $20,000 if necessary.
We asked Andrew Berry, a geneticist, to explain how Dolly came into being, and why, from a biologist's point of view, she matters.)
and asked instead to consider "What's best
Did Morris ask Albert this question?
For example, in this study, the respondent is asked if the practitioners have an improved ability to consult professional literature online.
Stephen Moore, an anti-doomsaying scholar at the libertarian Cato Institute, told Chatterbox that six months earlier a research assistant he'd asked to find a copy came back empty-handed.
Here's how the Candidate Selector works: The site asks your positions on 17 issues, from abortion to defense spending to free trade, and also asks you to choose whether you feel "strongly" or "somewhat strongly" about each of those stands.
I know the Weinstein boys probably brokered the best possible compromise, and that it's a classic Sun Su tactic to allow the enemy to withdraw without loss of face, but, for me, it's a "don't ask, don't tell" solution.
Asked if he also opposed sanctions against Iraq, Prince Talal said that sanctions didn't work: "Look at Libya and Cuba--there are sanctions against their peoples, but their regimes survive."
I e-mailed all three galleries, asking them to explain the disparity in their prices.
So they asked him politely to stay the hell away."
I asked him if it would be hard for runaways to hide in treeless mountains.
Cut to a couple of years later when her puzzled husband, who had no clue as to her motives for leaving the marriage so hastily (but if he had asked me I would have said "Give a little thought to the area of dental hygiene"), accidentally intercepted a piece of her mail that mentioned a few of the lottery details.
Rome has plenty of nightlife — your best bet is to check the local listings or simply ask around.
We asked the following questions: 1) are the immuno-labeled structures within the nucleus or just closely associated; 2) is the phosphoepitope labeled by SMI-31 and RT-97 mABs specific to NFs or can it be identified on other IFs in other cell types; and 3) is there a relationship between the cell cycle as determined by DNA synthesis and the amount of nuclear labeling by SMI-31 and RT-97?
On Dec. 20, for instance, the NYSE asked Celera itself whether it knew of any reason for the sudden spike in its stock, and the company said, sensibly enough, that it did not comment on its stock price.
The Wall Street Journal reports that during his Middle East shuttle, Secretary of Defense Cohen may ask some smaller Gulf states to take up to 60 U.S. fighter-bombers now based in Saudi Arabia.
Now Buckley has asked Slate
The questions range from asking whether Clinton took an oath to defend the Constitution, to whether he ever gave Lewinsky cigars.
The NYT states, "Tonight, in an effort to put the President in an awkward position , more than two dozen Republican senators wrote to Clinton to ask him to voluntarily testify in the trial."
You (or your spouse, their offspring) might flat out ask what is their aversion to being visitors.
Who, asks clever interviewer Tim Russert, is next in line for the Oval Office?
The designers were baffled and asked for advice from this long-time missionary.
Poor Lola, who cooked and cleaned for me, had to divine what I meant when I asked for corncobs as a dinner vegetable or remarked that we were almost out of string beans for the water heater.
Or will they stay the course and ask government to do more with less?
I wouldn't dream of asking Chelsea and Mrs. Clinton to forgive me.
When speaking out is perilous—— Who should tell the lion that he has bad breath?; Complain to the bow and it will send an arrow——other means are required: When you have a favor to ask of the dog, call him Sir, or, summing up the nature of hierarchies down the ages, The prince's dog is also a prince.
In a proxy fight , the acquiring company asks shareholders for their "proxies"--that is, the right to vote in their stead in management elections.
Like findings from case studies, the result is considered as contributing not answers but a better understanding of what questions to ask and how to ask them.
The first asks how the clock can be reset and is addressed by examining the response of a rhythm to some incoming signal such as a pulse of light.
In one of these approaches, users were asked to answer specific questions identified as areas where APHIS most needed comments, the answers to the questions were entered into a database with a web interface, and commenters were allowed to review all the electronic comments posted and to post other comments to the site.
Under Montebello, it has become standard practice to ask interested parties to sponsor and curate shows.
Purposive instance Ability to match questions asked and later generalization of findings at level appropriate to the questions
In the opening chorus of King Henry V , lines 11-12, there is asked
In the letter, siblings are asked to indicate whether they are interested in participating in SWISS by completing the contact information section and sending it to the Clinical Coordinating Center.
The first question to ask is what the right thing would have been.
One of Grant's assistants got wind of the scheme, and asked Assistant Secretary of War Charles Dana to tell Grant "how he is being deceived by one to whom he has granted various privileges and favors."
Zwick and Herskovitz grasp this, in principle, since at one point they have Lily's daughter asking plaintively, "Why can't they keep their private lives private ?"
For as long as I can remember, more than 25 years, reporters have been asking you to make predictions about the future.
They regularly asked people to stay at the White House ...
Asking providers to deliver today's complex care without such assistance is like asking a commercial pilot to fly with no instruments, given the vast array of information and knowledge that providers must handle.
When USA Today polls show that The People overwhelmingly prefer a flagrantly insincere model (Elizabeth Hurley) to the sweet and awkward UPS girl (Elfman) with whom Ed has found love, you have to ask: Are The People supposed to be shallow boobs?
Ask a travel agent.
Ask a German question, expect a World War II answer, which to those of us with delicate bourgeois sensibilities, risks trivializing the Holocaust.
When asked about Putin's vow to "annihilate" the Chechens, Albright called Putin "very determined" and "action-oriented."
People from Indiana, related to the project, are often asked to speak nationally about our system," Shepard said. "
When Linda Wertheimer asked him, "How would we know?"
The biggest applause line on election night came when Eyman screamed, "From now on, the politicians are going to have to ask your permission to take your money."
For the article, Gates asked not to be quoted about the Encyclopedia because of a nondisclosure agreement with Microsoft.
We must then ask when the U.S. government had reasonable opportunities to mobilize the country for major action against al Qaeda and its Afghan sanctuary.
Manfred and Brigitte Voigt, unassuming store owners who had never paid any attention to the chain, were approached by McDonald's in 1990 and asked to open a pioneering restaurant in East Germany.
he asked Russert.
When he asked KSM to send him an assistant, KSM dispatched Hawsawi, who had worked on al Qaeda's media committee in Kandahar.
More likely, the driving force was the field's internal intellectual logic: Economists had answered most of the interesting questions they could ask in the old framework and found that constant-returns economics was running into, well, diminishing returns.
There is no doubt the industry will ask the legislature--poker usually "asks" with thousands of dollars in campaign contributions--to reconsider the ban.
When Fox News Sunday 's Tony Snow asks Ventura whether he will run for president in 2004, Ventura replies that he might, "or I could be a beach bum ...
In the first presidential debate, Dole comically demanded that Clinton say "no comment" when asked about pardons, which is more or less precisely what Clinton has done.
A few months ago, Carl Newton and I wrote a letter asking you to consider a financial contribution to graduate Endodontics at Indiana University.
Ambassador Carney had no legal basis to ask for more from the Sudanese since, at the time, there was no indictment outstanding.
Even if you are not an expert, asking a few pertinent questions will make the carpet seller less likely to fob you off with an inferior item.
Had he "passed through the sadness and grief that accompanied the death of his sister and that helped spur his photographic activity," as the curator Malcolm Daniel asks in his catalog essay?
Clarke recently recalled that an angry Sheehan asked rhetorically of Defense officials:"Does al Qaeda have to attack the Pentagon to get their attention?"
it quotes the mother as asking.
As Herman Melville once famously asked in Moby-Dick , why don't whales collapse under the pressure of all the water they swim under?
Clinton asks, "Why not?"
Several agencies asked whether certain changes to their existing payment process complied with the internal control requirements of Title 7. At the time of the request, their procedures required the verification of receipt and acceptance prior to authorization of payment.
The New Republic , I seem to remember, took a strong stand that it was not actionable, because there were no work-related consequences, prompting a hilarious letter from a reader who opined that if the magazine really believed that it was okay for the boss to drop his trousers and ask an employee for a blowjob, The New Republic must be a helluva place to work.
As GS might ask, what is the question to which this essay is the answer?
In the course of his investigation, Kamen learns that Thomas has a Porsche and a BMW, which causes him to ask exactly the right question: "Just how big was that last raise for Congress?"
GAO has been asked by several federal agencies to review electronic signature systems used in financial management systems and to discuss how such systems should be evaluated.
However, since the PRC isn't empowered to collect data, it reluctantly consented, though it granted $800 million less than the Postal Service asked for.
, at 767 (plurality opinion) ("[W]e must ask whether §10(a) is severable"); accord, New York v.
Again, I had first read the word as a grade schooler, assumed its pronunciation, never asked about it and never looked it up.
Participants in the upper quartile of GLSCF consumption were later re-contacted and asked to donate blood as were controls matched by geographic region and age to the high GLSCF consumers (approximately 48% and 30% response rates, respectively).
They should ask the same question of themselves.
In this work, we place a milder condition on the training by only asking that the native be near a local minimum.
Lewinsky did not ask to be saddled with hundreds of thousands in legal fees.
Hadley and Zelikow asked Clarke and his deputy, Roger Cressey, for a special briefing on the terrorist threat and how Clarke'sTransnationalThreats Directorate and Counterterrorism Security Group functioned.
Dick Gephardt, says the paper, deemed the committee's investigation "in chaos" and asked Newt Gingrich to take charge, which Gingrich apparently will not do.
To think about work cycles, we have been driven to ask about Maxwell’s demon, measurement, when and why measurement pays, thence to what features of a nonequilibrium system are measured such that they constitute a source of energy, thence to how couplings arise that capture the energy source, thence to work and constraints, and now to propagating work due to the occurrence of linked sets of constraints and flows of matter and energy.
But he began by asking Dean whether he had seen the reference to McCarthy--"I caught it in the New York Daily News , which I sometimes see.
( Slate 's "News Quiz" asked participants what $353 referred to: Click here to read their speculations.)
A method adopted by demure advertisers who don't wish to intrude is to ask permission.
This CIO admits that his IT workers are constantly asked to work long hours and undergo a lot of stress though they get little in return for the amount of work they do.
Some wonder if this is a result of having a living subject--"Kaplan doesn't push, doesn't ask discomfiting questions" (Richard Dyer, the Boston Globe )--and note that Vidal "seems to have been able to exert his considerable charm, guile, and authority over his biographer" (Martin Rubin, the Washington Times ). Several also mention that Kaplan has been beaten to the punch by Vidal himself, who released his own memoir, Palimpsest , just three years ago.
I remember sitting with Vicky Gotti one day last year, asking her what she thought her father really did for a living.
Cars stalled, the light gone hazy under leafless sycamores-- nature's diction, as casual as you asking for a last glass of water, whispers in my ear words cotton-mouthed and sere as sloughing bark littering the roadway, rush hour traffic halting, faltering like my hand the day I signed away your flesh to the crematory fire ...
At the end of the event, journalists from Kansas surrounded Brownback to ask whether he considered government ethanol subsidies to be corporate welfare.
As you asked yesterday: Isn't there someone in San Francisco who has the cash and hubris to lose millions year after year on a daily?
And the WP has the detail that the DOJ says at least three unnamed computer manufacturers were turned down when they asked Microsoft for permission either to remove the Internet Explorer browser entirely or just the desktop icon for it.
However, the protocol did not ask patients which behaviors they were motivated to change.
Similarly, Burger King's new radio campaign for its Cini-Minis centers on an announcer trying to explain that Cini-Minis cost just 99 cents to a group of people who ask questions like, "If I had 17 cents, could I get a Cini-Mini?"
Clarke reported that they were asking the President for authority to shoot down aircraft.
American cousin Ally McBeal" (Tamsin Todd, the Washington Post Book World ). Others find she shares McBeal's whininess and resembles a spouse "who prattles on incessantly, never asking a more challenging question than 'Do these pants make me look fat?
Prudence is greatly pleased at the confidence so many of you have shown in her by asking her advice.
You may ask, "Where's the news value in noting that people can refrain from committing genocide?"
Brown asked whether other forms of technology should be included, such as audio tape headsets.
(Drudge refused to ask, and Lamb seemed about to ask, but then didn't.)
was the kind of question Matt Lauer asked him.
Unable to produce allegations of impropriety, reporters asked Bauer in accusatory tones whether he had "met behind closed doors" with the aide, Melissa McClard (answer: yes), and whether Bauer's aides had told him "that people are asking questions [about it] and it's making people uncomfortable."
Now, if you wanted to advertise your house for sale in the LAT , you'd have to pay a hundred bucks or so for a tiny little buried ad, but if you're say (as in last Sunday's paper), Pam Grier, why then at absolutely no cost to you the paper leads the section with ten paragraphs about your house, including mention of the neighborhood, the asking price and the names of the realtors to contact.
But they thought that was just the way life was, so when social scientists asked if they were happy, they said, "Sure."
Grantees were asked to examine their progress in each of the seven principal areas of State Planning in a manner that included assessing the strengths and weaknesses of the current approach, establishing goals to strengthen and expand services to eligible clients, and determining the major steps yet to be taken and a timetable necessary to achieve those goals.
But I would ask whether Eleanor's public hand-wringing didn't provide him with cover for his inaction.
After a couple of hours, I began to ask myself: How dumb does the Republican Party think I am?
Many, many of you were, so I am asking you to send in your votes for what articles were best from the past twenty-three volumes.
to know this, how much I want to ask again why I must, with such perfect, detailed precision,
"Are you sure," he asked the editor, "that the world of culture is actually so wonderful and that the people who dwell therein are actually so pure?
If you had asked them whether, ninety years later, the schools should be desegregated, they would have been nonplussed by the question.
The damages being asked for are "unspecified," but Rifkin has said they could amount to hundreds of millions of dollars.
Ask at hotels, travel agencies, and tourist information offices to find out what is scheduled during your stay.
After all, an investigator can't ask soldiers if they are being harassed for being gay without in effect "asking" them if they're gay, and a soldier can't tell an investigator that he is being harassed for being gay without "telling" the investigator that he is gay.
Among the "Frequently Asked Questions" FEMA posts on its Web site is the following: "I think that some people in my neighborhood are trying to cheat the federal government out of disaster money.
It is now some time since they asked us, and I feel we need to give them a response very soon.
The representatives will be asked to articulate in writing their concerns and objections.
I ask Sledzik if the Vietnamese Embassy in Washington might want custody of the skulls.
In 1998, LSC Program Letters 98-1 and 98-6 broadened the scope of the state planning initiative, asking grantees to determine how they could expand services and ensure that all clients received similar levels of assistance regardless of their location in the state or other factors such as language, disability or political popularity.
(One day she finally got the courage to knock on the door of the department chair and ask if she could join the program.
When I'm off the Eastern Seaboard and people ask me where I'm from, I say "New York."
After reading in The joy of jabberwocking, by J. A. Davidson [XXII,1,23], that but somehow a few editors gave it a second r , as in borogoves , and Probably many years ago a careless printer put in that extra γ, I have, somewhat tossicatedly, to ask: Am I the only one for whom (many years ago) Professor Bagos Hitman opened wide a copy of Sweet's Anglo-Saxon Primer and, pointing to a bevy of bilingual yokemates, one of which was (to the best of my recollection) something like bearu grove , burbled (accusingly) Tulgey?
The NYT fronts an exclusive from the New York Senate campaign trenches: At a private fund-raiser organized by gay and lesbian supporters, Hillary Clinton said that the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy crafted by her husband to govern gays in the military was a failure, and that if elected she would work to overturn it.
An NSC staff-led working group on terrorist finances asked the CIA in November 1998 to push again for access to Tayyib and to see "if it is possible to elaborate further on the ties between Usama bin Ladin and prominent individuals in Saudi Arabia, including especially the Bin Ladin family."
LEDERER: Dr. Rotcod, I'll begin by asking you about your preferences in life?
The paper asked, "Can Mr. Clinton trust the Democratic senators, most of whom don't like him much, to go on repeating these unconvincing lines week after week, month after month?"
he asks.
And she is liked by her colleagues, who ask if there is anything they can do to help.
But in November 170 faculty members asked the academic senate to adopt a more conventional grading system.
Why, you have to ask, is it so seldom that important-seeming American plays address societal issues such as these?
Participants were asked to rate how much they liked each graph on a likert scale of 1 to 5, with 1 corresponding to "not at all" and 5 corresponding to "extremely", and then to rank order the graphs according to preference.
When a visitor to one of the councils asked, “Qui est-ce qui parle francais ici?”
Japan's biggest daily newspaper, Asahi Shimbun, published an interview Sunday with Woody Allen, who, asked to sum up the 20 th century in a single word, replied, "Disappointing."
The second is to ask if you have any great retorts for these morons?
Whom do you believe, it seems to ask, Clinton or Kennedy?
It has been widely reported that a woman named Julie Steele now says Willey asked her to falsely claim that she was told by Willey about the incident not long after it happened.
He asked people to join his new, this is what he called it, his new, 'rip-tootin' campaign.
Information Agency, she asked Orwell for help in countering Communist propaganda around the world.
This is the creative poor, friends and neighbors, just ask my landlord.
When asked whether they would authorize Clinton "to use all necessary force to win this war, including ground troops," Lott and Nickles --who had voted a month ago, along with 70 percent of the Senate GOP, not to support the NATO air campaign--said they wouldn't.
6 mil) for The Truman Show and ask them how much they think the movie would have made if, say, Jeff Bridges had been its star.
"Americans may be experiencing all kinds of feelings about their President, but they are remarkably consistent when they are asked what they want to do about those emotions," the Globe and Mail went on.
They might, for example, choose a political question, asking who, exactly, is in charge of this universe.
Asked how the Corporation Counsel's Office could take on the expanded work while its own legal staff was being cut, Thomas L. McMahon, the general counsel of the City Council, said that in view of the city's "terribly difficult fiscal circumstances," the City Council plan provides a better way of "managing the city's work force given the resources we have."
I recall her telling my class about the time she had asked another group of pupiles to draw Christmas pictures.
The Post reports that Bill Bradley refused to answer when asked who the leader of North Korea is.
When Blair asked about Iraq, the President replied that Iraq was not the immediate problem.
Once a year, we ask you to consider supporting the mission of the Institute in another way -- through a charitable contribution.
I would ask you to fax me through a sample of Dawn's handwriting, so I could do some amateur graphology.
She identified herself as the Virgin Mary, the Mother of God, and speaking in Nahuatl, she asked Juan Diego to go to the Spanish bishop and ask that a temple be built there where she appeared, the mount of Tepeyac.
Queen Latifah (featured in Talk's first issue) presided, asking that we "give it up for," among others, "Lady Liberty."
While I disagreed with the House Judiciary Committee's decision to release the president's videotaped testimony before even asking the questions "Will there be hearings?"
It was, therefore, logical for us to ask whether an interaction between PP5 and hsp90 also occurs in Pf.
"" asked, "Why did the weather prevent NATO from hitting the Serbian forces purging the refugees, when it didn't seem to hamper the bombing of Belgrade?
No sacrifice is ever asked of the public.
When Clinton was asked if he thinks Saddam is crazy, he replied, reports the NYT , "Well, if he is, he's clever crazy.
Reporters get to travel around on expense account asking total strangers invasive questions and passing swift and nasty judgment on their responses because ...
Also, Carter says that news accounts "give no hint that Wallace explicitly asked for forgiveness"; he just said he opposed integration because he favored states' rights, not racism.
When, after the Oklahoma City disaster, President Clinton asked for the nation to deal with the "voices of hate" that inspire the Patriots to action, there was no attempt to actually do so.
In the analysis of these data, we (1) explored the relationship between expression, G 1 phase time, and cell density, (2) asked whether the transcriptional promoter affected those relationships, (3) explored analytical methods for describing expression within the context of these relationships, and (4) asked whether the "intrinsic expression potential" of Tag affected Tag expression at high cell density.
1. Who's asking the cocaine question?
Indeed, while I was writing this review an acquaintance phoned to say that he had to replace all the aging dictionaries in his office and asked me to recommend a replacement.
Their task: To ask people on the street if certain well-known phrases from the Bible--not identified as such, of course--struck them as being in any way familiar; and, if the phrases were familiar, to ask the respondents to name the provenance.
He also asked DCI Tenet to review the CIA's counterterrorism strategy and come up with a plan for"where we go from here."
In the second, they were asked to take a logical-reasoning test.
He also asked that local lawyers double the time they gave to the poor.
The crowd booed, and when Trotter was asked to repeat the question, she rephrased it: "Our viewers are curious.
But reporters might ask whether they need to quote them at all.
Second, cases were asked about potential exposures in the four weeks prior to their illness onset, whereas controls (whose stools tested negative for Cryptosporidium ) were asked about potential exposures in the four weeks prior to their interview.
In Israel, Ha'aretz led its front page Monday with a report that Yasser Arafat is to ask Clinton, when they meet in Washington March 23, to give formal support to the Palestinian right to establish an independent state.
Or they may skew theological, and ask if there's a God and what exactly he's got on his mind.
Peterson asks Jack Germond, who has not seen the film, to give some expert commentary based upon Germond's exposure to TV trailers for the film.
In the United States, according to a just-published survey of participation in the arts, fewer than 4 percent of the public claims to have attended an opera in the last year (and people probably exaggerate about this, just as they do when asked how often they have sex).
Patients were asked to place themselves on a readiness scale of 1 to 10.
I write to ask you to become a supporter of the Moving Company.
Though the author of Advertisements for Myself has always liked his sex the way a schoolboy likes his pie--any way he can get it--he was never the hippest cat in the pack (witness "The White Negro," his attempt to grapple with the Beats, which proved the adage that those who had to ask what hip was, weren't).
The Marines should remember that the next time the studio comes asking for technical assistance on a picture (as it no doubt did on "Full Metal Jacket").
