Everyone benefits from the work we do together.
Their complaint: the system discourages working because unemployment provides benefits that many entry-level jobs don't include.
A time for a youngster to enjoy the fun and benefits of residential camp living, dedicated staff and instruction, and a chance to make special friends.
Records indicate that 531 were deported, 162 were released on bond, 24 received some kind of immigration benefits, 12 had their proceedings terminated, and 8-one of whom was Moussaoui-were remanded to the custody of the U.S.
In response to a request about the counterterrorism benefits of the 9/11 detainee program, the Justice Department cited six individuals on the special interest detainee list, noting that two (including Moussaoui) were linked directly to a terrorist organization and that it had obtained new leads helpful to the investigation of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
Since this time, membership has been of great monetary benefit to the country.
Whether lipid-lowering therapy would provide incremental benefit if initiated immediately following an acute coronary syndrome is an important issue as the risk of a recurrent adverse cardiac events is much greater in patients with unstable coronary disease than in the stable setting.
Although lipid-lowering therapy was associated with a significantly lower mortality when initiated early after an acute coronary syndrome in two large observational studies [ 6 7 ] , MIRACL was the first randomized trial to suggest that statins confer clinical benefits in this setting.
It was also the first trial to identify a short-term (ie, within 16 weeks) clinical benefit from statin therapy; in previous secondary prevention trials, the benefit of statin therapy was not evident for one to two years.
It was also the first trial to identify a short-term (ie, within 16 weeks) clinical benefit from statin therapy; in previous secondary prevention trials, the benefit of statin therapy was not evident for one to two years.
While it is impressive that a clinical benefit was realized after only 16 weeks of statin therapy, the increased risk of adverse clinical events persists throughout the year following an acute coronary syndrome.
The investigators reasoned that recurrent ischemic events in this population were likely to result from restenosis or bypass graft closure and that statins would be less likely to affect these processes [ 8 ] . Nevertheless, a number of trials have established the benefits of statin therapy early after coronary revascularization [ 9 10 11 ] . Furthermore, a number of recent trials have suggested that higher risk patients with non-ST elevation acute coronary syndromes fair better when an early invasive strategy is applied [ 12 13 14 ] and it is not uncommon for patients to be treated in this fashion.
Although MIRACL and the two aforementioned cohort studies suggest that lipid-lowering agents exert short-term clinical benefits when initiated soon after an acute coronary syndrome, this remains an open question.
Even if these findings are not confirmed after further study, one could still make a compelling argument that lipid-lowering therapy (barring contraindications) should be initiated early and universally in patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome: First, the long-term safety and effectiveness of statins for the secondary prevention of stable coronary disease is well-established [ 1 2 3 ] ; Second, as evidenced by MIRACL, these agents are safe when initiated at the time of hospitalization for an acute coronary syndrome; Third, the in-hospital initiation of lipid-lowering therapy appears to promote greater long-term utilization of these agents [ 18 19 20 21 ] . Finally, although lipid levels may be unreliable in the setting of an acute coronary syndrome (excepting total :HDL and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratios [ 22 ] ) the overwhelming majority of patients with coronary disease will ultimately require both pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic lipid-lowering interventions to attain recommended cholesterol targets [ 23 24 25 ] ; newer guidelines are even more stringent [ 26 ] . Furthermore, data from the recently presented Heart Protection Study suggest that clinical benefits may accrue independent of baseline cholesterol level [ 4 ] . Thus, to withhold lipid-lowering therapy from patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome would be to accept the status quo, and to date our efforts at cholesterol lowering in the secondary prevention setting have been dismal [ 27 28 ] .
The ascertainment and quantification of any incremental benefit conferred by statin therapy initiated early after an acute coronary syndrome will require confirmation.
If A-2-Z demonstrates significant reductions in the incidence of adverse events during the first four months, it would suggest an incremental clinical benefit from initiating these agents early after an acute coronary syndrome.
If benefits accrue, but do so later during follow up, it would be difficult to discriminate between the effects of more aggressive vs. earlier lipid lowering therapy.
Future secondary prevention studies should look at patients with stable or unstable disease and will need to address the comparative efficacy of different statins (or newer agents), assess the incremental benefit of combination therapy [ 30 ] and determine whether there is a serum cholesterol 'floor' below which reductions are unlikely to provide further clinical benefit.
Future secondary prevention studies should look at patients with stable or unstable disease and will need to address the comparative efficacy of different statins (or newer agents), assess the incremental benefit of combination therapy [ 30 ] and determine whether there is a serum cholesterol 'floor' below which reductions are unlikely to provide further clinical benefit.
The potential benefits of an effective demand response program would includ e:
Please, if you could give me a few minutes of your valuable time or guide me to the right person to describe the significant benefits of what we offer.
In its letter, which was signed by all six members, the panel wrote that it was "troubled by incongruities, inconsistencies and conflicts, particularly concerning actions taken by you which were or could have been of potential benefit to Chang.
Continuation of a personal and official relationship with Mr. Chang under circumstances where you knew that he was attempting to ingratiate himself, in part through a pattern of attempts to provide you and those around you with gifts over a period of several years when you and your Senate Office were taking official actions of benefit to Mr. Chang (contacting United States Government officials, writing letters to foreign government officials and involving Mr. Chang of his representatives in situations where you were meeting with officials of foreign governments) evidenced poor judgment.
After evaluating the extensive body of evidence before it and your testimony, the committee is troubled by incongruities, inconsistencies and conflicts, particularly concerning actions taken by you which were or could have been of potential benefit to Mr. Chang.
It’s a truism, I know, but it has the benefit of actually being true.
Whereas the Mayanists benefit from a single main identity, those of Colombia must operate under historical differences between the various ethnic groups (Jackson 2002: 109).
TO BENEFIT A HANDFUL OF SPECIAL INTERESTS!
Take it through analysis, if there is some benefit in it for you.
If the benefits are genuinely mutual, projects provide a basis for high commitment from both parties to the short-term employment contract.
Yet, the benefits of reciprocity can accrue beyond the project’s conclusion.
We have sought to illustrate the future by exploring two industries where boundaryless careers have flourished – reaping benefits for people, companies, and host industries alike.
Did the tools of production really get sold, to the shareholders benefit, leaving the worker without means to defend himself?
As someone trying to get a government job with great benefits where the qualification is basically, "take this constitution and defend it with your life," Tea Party Republicans spend an awful lot of time tearing it up and reassembling the pieces to their acquired tastes.
As someone trying to get a government job with great benefits where the qualification is basically, "take this constitution and defend it with your life," Tea Party Republicans spend an awful lot of time tearing it up and reassembling the pieces to their acquired tastes.
Such a program, coupled with appropriate measures to address local concerns, would provide significant health benefits even as we increase energy supplies and maintain reasonable electricity rates.
Included in those amendments was the Acid Rain cap and trade program, the first program tailored specifically to the utility sector, which is achieving significant environmental and public health benefits at a fraction of the initial cost estimates and with relatively little government bureaucracy.
Allowance trading provides incentives for energy conservation and technology innovation that can both lower the cost of compliance and yield pollution prevention benefits.
Greater reductions earlier than expected have lowered risks to human health and provided benefits to the environment sooner.
Requiring every plant over 30 years old to meet New Source Performance Standards and New Source Review modification requirements seems unnecessary and could undermine the benefits of the cap and trade approach.
Layering additional requirements, such as the "outdated power plants" provision, on top of a cap and trade program is very likely to increase costs without providing significant environmental benefits.
Comparing our experience on the Acid Rain Program with the NOx SIP Call and the Section 126 petitions demonstrates the benefit of having certain key issues decided by Congress rather than left to Agency rulemakings.
We should not delay the public health and environmental benefits from reduction of these emissions while we wait for consensus to develop on CO2.
Tom, I would suggest that all Napa wineries, good and bad, benefit from having Napa Valley on the label; it is indeed a great example of marketing - what you describe as promotional effort.
Still others are less obvious but just as horrible; dogs fighting to the death for the benefit of blood thirsty gamblers; baby calves confined and malnourished to provide “milk-fed” veal for the gourmet; and the “accidental” drowning of porpoises in the nets of tuna fishermen.
The man shrugged, "Yeah, well, that's one benefit of owning the company.


for them, they get the benefit of the longer term if you don't apply it to an existing copyright. I m
, and is your argument that we find and hold against their retrospective because there is some, at least plausible basis should so argument, to say that there can be a causal connection between the retrospective extension and some benefit that can be traced to those particular works through the retrospective extension, like dissemination? Is 

 is, suppose you have a statute, as this one arguably is, where 99.9 percent, many billions of dollars of benefits, are going to the existing holders of copyright on grounds of equity, and the effect of the statute in eliciting new works is near zero. I m
At a price nearly half off the regular membership dues, you will receive a host of member benefits (more on these in a moment)_and, far more important the satisfaction of actually doing something to improve the ocean world we pass on to our children.
Besides having the satisfaction of knowing that you are doing your part to help save our wildlife heritage, you will also receive some outstanding benefits of membership including: A one-year subscription to our beautiful full color magazine, NATIONAL WILDLIFE.
The agreed-upon rate and service changes will work to the mutual benefit of mail users and the postal system as a whole; and
However, assuming the procedural requirements of Chapter 36 are met, changes negotiated by the Postal Service and a mail user for their mutual benefit may merit recommendation under the applicable statutory standards.
❷ The agreed-upon rate and service changes will work to the mutual benefit of mail users and the postal system as a whole; and
Films with Mandarin dialogue also have Chinese subtitles, for the benefit of Cantonese speakers, and sometimes subtitles in English.
The feeling that you are a real partner in helping us achieve victories for wildlife is probably the biggest benefit of membership there is.
But membership carries many tangible benefits as well ... benefits that will keep you up-to-date on the latest wildlife news, and benefits designed to enhance your own personal enjoyment of nature.
But membership carries many tangible benefits as well ... benefits that will keep you up-to-date on the latest wildlife news, and benefits designed to enhance your own personal enjoyment of nature.
But membership carries many tangible benefits as well ... benefits that will keep you up-to-date on the latest wildlife news, and benefits designed to enhance your own personal enjoyment of nature.
PLUS, there are additional membership benefits for you to enjoy.
Travelers's employee benefits group, which includes its group health insurance operations, posted earnings of $24 million, compared with a loss of $3 million last year.
Ratners's chairman, Gerald Ratner, said the deal remains of "substantial benefit to Ratners."
The program, available to Upjohn employees 55 years old or older, could increase an individual's retirement benefits 10% to 20%.
As a Living Planet Society member, you’ll receive the wonderful array of benefits described in the enclosed brochure.
Further analysis is needed of the benefits of the current system relative to the benefits of an alternative system, and of whether some of the benefits of an alternative system can be obtained by making adjustments to the current system.
Other upgrades will yield long-term benefits through improved computer infrastructure.
Studies in these centers should demonstrate the benefits of screening: increased referrals, more patients receiving counseling, and better outcomes such as reduction of risk behaviors.
People are unlikely to invest in the feeding and care of others if they are not in a position to reap the benefits.
The marriage contract pours a sea of benefits and obligations into a single "I do."
43Social Security consists of two separate trust funds: Old-Age and Survivors Insurance, which funds retirement and survivors benefits, and Disability Insurance, which provides benefits to disabled workers and their families.
As the first woman in charge of a department that traditionally combines gentleman's-club exclusivity with macho bluster, she has figured out how to present herself to the public, to the media, and to other world leaders without the benefit of role models.
The New York Times leads with word that because most states are behind schedule in their attempts to eliminate Y2K problems from their computer systems, it's likely that some people receiving welfare and other anti-poverty benefits will have their payments and/or services interrupted.
The Army discharged a 20-year decorated veteran one week before he would have been eligible for retirement benefits, because investigators discovered evidence of his homosexuality after an arsonist torched his home.
Some, such as loss of flexibility and adjustment costs on the cost side, and health benefits and spillovers on the benefit side, remain beyond the scope of this analysis.
Impact on Base Benefits Description of Basis for Analysis Avoided Incidences Estimate Adjusted for Growth in Real Income (billion 1999$)
employee contributions, if any, and the employer entity contributions (593) Customs Service fees (576) Deposit fund transactions (600) Deposits by states for unemployment trust fund (575) Deposits of earnings, Federal Reserve System (577) Disposition of revenue to other entities: custodial transfers (596) Diversion fees, Department of Justice (583) Donation of property, plant, and equipment: types that are expensed (598) Donations: except types of property, plant, and equipment that are expensed (577) Downward subsidy reestimates for post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees (598) Employer entity contributions to health benefit plans for current coverage of Federal employees (590) Employer entity contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans for Federal employees (589) Employer entity contributions to social insurance programs (588) Employer entity payments for unemployment benefits and workers compensation (590) Federal employee contributions to health benefits plan for current coverage of Federal employees (584) Federal employee contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans (583) Fees on post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees (598) Fines and penalties (578) Forfeitures (578) Individual income taxes, corporation income taxes, social insurance taxes and contributions, excise
Now she is settling with the university and will be reinstated to her full professorship, receive back pay of $100,000, benefits, and a cash payment.
The second missing benefit includes gains in environmental quality, especially improved health benefits.
Federal employee contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans.
The LAT says that Clinton's legal shift has the benefit of allowing him to fight on, but on much less controversial grounds, and yet still perhaps delaying Lindsey's re-appearance before Starr's grand jury for months.
That's a voluntary sacrifice, and so (in the judgment of those who choose to buy) it must be more than compensated for by the benefits of ownership.
It is extremely difficult to obtain alternative representation for housing eviction, benefits, education, and health access cases, whether the client is an alien or a citizen.
When the widely varying studies detected short-term benefits from better-quality care, liberals and child advocates trumpeted them.
As that exhibit shows, we estimate the monetized benefits of the Clear Skies Act in the continental United States will be $44 billion in 2010, including $43 billion in health benefits and $1 billion in recreational visibility benefits.
If a state does not participate (or is not certified by the Department of Labor as meeting Federal requirements): (i) the Federal unemployment tax is levied within the state at its maximum rate, (ii) the system does not pay any unemployment compensation benefits within the state, and (iii) the Federal Government provides no grants to state governments to pay for the costs of administration.
A piece concludes that immigration both benefits and harms Americans: Low-skilled immigrants drive down wages, but high-skilled immigrants increase productivity.
The estimates of avoided health effects, improved visibility, and monetary benefits of the Clear Skies Act are based on a method that reflects peer-reviewed data, models, and approaches that are applied to support EPA rulemakings and generate Reports to Congress on the benefits of air pollution regulation.
To illustrate the complexities in evaluating how traditional program reforms might affect national saving, let's examine two basic options that would directly improve Social Security's financial imbalance-increasing payroll taxes and reducing benefits.
Finally, we adjust the benefit values for expected income growth through 2010 and 2020 and aggregate the benefits to the appropriate geographic level.
Other criticisms: 1) Clinton is using the surplus to avoid proposing benefit cuts, which will eventually be necessary.
The costs of leniency--measured in lost reputation--are spread over the entire school, while the benefits are concentrated in the professor's own classroom.
One benefit of making our current content free is that Slate will be able to participate more fully in the new Microsoft "portal" site, msn.com.
There often will be no alternative source for the client to receive vital information respecting constitutional and statutory rights bearing upon claimed benefits.
The cost and benefits of outsourcing routine accounting activities are considered.
In this extreme case, mortality still represents 77% of the benefits (albeit with a limited set of morbidity outcomes).
So when parents are deciding whether to have a third, fourth, or fifth child, they are generally more conscious of the costs than of the benefits.
A piece touts the benefits of charter schools.
These institutions helped bring bitter adversaries into a framework of mutual support and benefit.
In FY 1996, 915,900 people received an immigrant visa (a "green card"--it's actually pink), which makes them eligible for permanent residence and most of the benefits of citizenship, with the important exception of the right to vote.
Therefore, it is an exchange revenue of the entity that administers the health benefits plan and thus is an offset to that entity's gross cost in calculating its net cost of operations.
According to our analysis, a majority of the benefits is associated with sulfate particles, indicating that alternative sulfate toxicities would strongly influence our findings.
It keeps other countries from breaking trade commitments that benefit the United States in exchange for keeping the United States from breaking trade commitments that benefit those countries, and it keeps all of us from indulging in the everyone-loses pattern of trade sanction and retaliation.
Come to think of it, it's just possible that no sport benefits more from bureaucrats than beach volleyball.
The gastric mucosal responses to non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs also involve the activation of NF-κB, generation of cytotoxic cytokines like TNFα and epithelial apoptosis [ 6 7 ] . Administration of low concentrations of nitric oxide by an ester linkage reduces this effect, suggesting that nitric oxide was offering benefit by quenching other radicals involved in cell activation.
§ 801(a)(1)(B)(i)-(iv) OF A MAJOR RULE ISSUED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY, INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE; THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR, PENSION AND WELFARE BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION; AND THE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, HEALTH CARE FINANCING ADMINISTRATION ENTITLED "INTERIM RULES FOR MENTAL HEALTH PARITY" (RIN: 1545-AV53; 1210-AA62; 0938-AI05)
When businesses offer benefits to unmarried partners, however, the cost is taxable income.
The health benefits could not be quantified by the FDA, but FDA believes the benefits to be substantial.
Quite simply, my book asks whether it was attained with or without the benefit of accurate clinical observation, defensible drawing of inferences, and encouraging therapeutic results.
The estimated financial benefits include budget reductions, costs avoided, resources reallocated, and revenue enhancements.
Where appropriate, we have made adjustments to existing primary research for the level of environmental quality change, the sociodemographic and economic characteristics of the affected population, and other factors in order to improve the accuracy and robustness of benefits estimates.
Absent reform, by 2038, Social Security's annual deficit would require cutting benefits by about a quarter (26 percent) or raising payroll taxes by about a third (35 percent) just to restore balance for that year.
The second missing benefit includes gains in environmental quality, especially improved health benefits.
What would be the benefits of this regimen?
Treasury, Internal Revenue Service; Department of Labor, Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration; and the Department of Health and Human Services, Health Care Financing Administration; entitled "Interim Rules for Mental Health Parity" (RIN: 1545-AV53; 1210-AA62; 0938-AI05).
This assumption will also lead us to underpredict benefits since it is likely that increases in real U.S. income would also result in increased cost-of-illness (due, for example, to increases in wages paid to medical workers) and increased cost of work loss days (reflecting that if worker incomes are higher, the losses resulting from reduced worker production would also be higher).
But that's the benefit of a property system--people can be different, and the system can respect their differences.
The size and security of future retirement benefits ultimately depend on the country's general prosperity at that time in the future.
In the letter to Administrator Whitman, Senators Jeffords and Lieberman asked for an analysis of four different scenarios, requesting that EPA "analyze the cost and benefits, including all sectors of the economy and impacts on both the supply and demand side of the equation, of the following multi-pollutant emission control scenarios for the nation's electricity generators.
And remember, gifts made before December 31, 1992, will still provide you with maximum tax deduction benefits.
Several systematic, qualitative reviews [ 2 8 23 24 ] highlight the clinical benefits of desferrioxamine treatment and, with respect to iron loading, acknowledge its ability to maintain harmless hepatic iron levels in properly chelated patients.
Hence, this ovarian antibody test as presently performed has poor specificity, and therefore appears to have no benefit in the evaluation and management of autoimmune premature ovarian failure.
Our study participants said that their organizations rarely experienced a violation of trust because members did not want to jeopardize their ability to participate and, thus, lose the benefits of membership.
Emerging Interest in More Precisely Measuring Cost and Benefits
Someone made it possible for us to have the benefit of that lounge which I'm sure you can all still picture in your minds.
Characteristically splitting the difference with conservative Social Security privatization enthusiasts, he does not propose to let people invest the money for themselves or to make benefits contingent on how well the investment performs.
Fertile land and high rainfall have brought prosperity to this part of Bali, without the debatable benefits of tourism.
Thus, although reduced energy consumption will have long-term public health implications, the uncertainties in benefit calculations likely increase as a function of time.
Other benefits of participation are being planned.
Exhibit 13 Results of Human Health and Welfare Benefits Valuation for the Clear Skies Act (Particulate Matter and Ozone Reductions Only)
This idea surfaced briefly and spectacularly in 1990, when the Philadelphia Inquirer suggested in an editorial that perhaps some welfare mothers should be "offered an increased benefit" if they would agree to practice effective birth control--specifically, to use the then-new Norplant contraceptive, which prevents pregnancy for five years after being implanted under the skin of the upper arm.
We should not delay the public health and environmental benefits from reduction of these emissions while we wait for consensus to develop on CO2.
Affirmative action is good for you, supporters told the New York Times . The University of Michigan, for one, cites statistical evidence to argue that affirmative action benefits not only minority students but all students.
Because RU486, along with antagonizing the GR antagonizes the PR, some of the RU486 benefit may be due to antagonism of progesterone effects.
In accordance with the provisions of the executive order, FDA assessed the costs and benefits of regulatory alternatives and appears to have selected the approach that maximizes net benefits while still meeting agency objectives.
Various options are available within the current structure of the program including raising the retirement age, reducing the cost-of-living adjustment, altering the benefit formula, increasing payroll taxes, and investing trust fund surpluses in higher-yielding assets.
Universities are allowed to count their research budgets in their per-student expenditures, though students get no direct benefit from costly research their professors are doing outside of class.
[ 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 ] Several studies suggest a potential therapeutic benefit from administering hematopoietic growth factors before starting cytarabine-based chemotherapy.
Although MIRACL and the two aforementioned cohort studies suggest that lipid-lowering agents exert short-term clinical benefits when initiated soon after an acute coronary syndrome, this remains an open question.
Public Health Benefits
It's a mutually beneficial arrangement: A couple that already has children around may find that watching another couple's kids for an evening is not that much of an additional burden, certainly compared with the benefit of receiving the same service some other evening.
According to the LAT , the 115-page ruling outlaws "assigning children to schools or allocating educational opportunities and benefits through race-based lotteries, preferences, set-asides or other means that deny students an equal footing based on race."
In the 1980s, while Kennedy was still arguing for nationalized health care, paid for by a payroll tax, Waxman was trying to create universal coverage through the back door, by expanding Medicaid eligibility and requiring states to provide ever more extensive benefits.
The legislation was supported by the labor and consumer lobbies as well as the American Medical Association, and fought by insurance and business groups, who argued it would enrich trial lawyers and cause employers to drop medical benefits for workers.
In general, the wages, benefits and working conditions the employer intends to offer to H-2A workers must also be offered to recruited U.S. workers, which includes lawful permanent resident aliens.
Moreover, the impairment of ADHD is an intrinsic reason to diagnose and treat the condition, because even if comorbid obesity were not changed, normalizing brain function in ADHD sufferers more often than not provides substantial benefit and improved quality of life.
"It's a sizable benefit in terms of prolonged survival," he said.
The LeLoLai VIP initiative is a package of benefits that offers discounts at many attractions, and participating hotels, restaurants, and shops.
In 1995, the General Accounting Office estimated statehood would cost the U.S. Treasury another $3 billion in annual benefits.
(vii) Normal infection environment: As we have contended, a major benefit of this approach in viral reverse genetics is that one can start with standard wild type virus (or even a relatively uncharacterized field isolate) with no requirements of recombinant expression, and thus, the cellular milieu is only minimally perturbed, if at all.
We welcome this opportunity to highlight the important role that GAO plays to support the Congress for the benefit of the American people.
Thus the genius of the death tax repeal proposal: Why not cloak a sharp cut in benefits in the soothing shroud of a tax break?
improve understanding, by way of a review of the literature, of methods for valuing humanhealth and environmental benefits associated with fine particulate matter and mercury.
Primakov stated his priorities include the timely payment of salaries and benefits, and that it is unacceptable for most Russians to live below the poverty line.
The likely explanation for this apparent lack of benefit in vein graft interventions, when GP IIb/IIIa inhibitors clearly reduce procedural infarctions by approximately 50%, is the difference in the composition of the embolic material.
R&D and education have long been seen as areas for government activity given the private sector's inability to capture all of the societal benefits that such investments provide.
ENTITLEMENT PROGRAM - A program in which the federal government becomes automatically obligated to provide benefits to members of a specific group who meet the requirements established by law.
But the snowflake’s delicate sixfold symmetry tells us that order can arise without the benefit of natural selection.
For more than three decades, social scientists have been studying the costs and benefits of child care, and their work has yielded only one consistent result: Their research is seized upon, waved about, politicized, and in the end, nothing much gets done.
In other words, the folks who have benefited least from the upswing in salaries or the stock market also benefit least from the Republican tax stance.
They incorporate information management as an intrinsic part of their business planning and decision making processes, discussing the benefits and risks associated with specific strategies for improving service, reducing cycle time, or reducing costs.
Moreover, the adoption of Mediterranean diet by people who reported that they exercise at least once per week (> 4 kcal/min) seems to have an additive benefit, since it is associated with 47% (odds ratio = 0.53, P < 0.01) lower risk of developing acute coronary events, after adjusting for age, sex, and the levels of the common cardiovascular risk factors.
51--Employees of the Federal Government provide service to their employer in exchange for compensation, of which some is received currently (the salary) and some is deferred (pensions, retirement health benefits, and other retirement benefits).
The analysis based its benefits on achieving the "Healthy People 2000," a Department program, goal of reducing underage tobacco use by one-half in order to prevent over 60,000 early deaths.
5 (1973) (per curiam) (government not required by First Amendment or Due Process Clause to waive filing fee for welfare benefits litigation).
Army's decision to boost enlistment benefits.
17 This study serves as an essential input to our estimates of the benefits of recreational visibility improvements.
The final analysis discusses the FDA's decision not to exempt small entities from the rule because an exemption for small retailers would shift underage sales to those locations, lessening or eliminating the effectiveness and benefits of the access restrictions.
Cardiologists recommended treatment more often than generalists, even though they perceived the benefit to be smaller.
A These results indicate the sensitivity of the primary benefits estimate to alternative assumptions; results reflect the use of a three percent discount rate, where appropriate.
23 Michael B. Wachter of the University of Pennsylvania and his colleagues conclude that there is a wage and fringe benefit premium for the postal bargaining labor force of 29.
· Combined with previous research on 90-day mortality, the study suggests that AT III may confer long-term benefit in sepsis patients.
In general, people with low incomes prefer a government that imposes high taxes in order to provide generous benefits.
And it's the New York Times that explains that this agreement will benefit Mississippi, which in June made a purely financial settlement with the major tobacco companies, but also secured the benefit of any additional public health concessions made in other deals with other states.
- What are the magnitude and distribution of public health benefits associated with hypothetically retrofitting single-family homes with insulation at IECC 2000 levels when necessary?
In other non-clinical domains, for example in the evaluation of electronic claims processing vs. manual processing, electronic processing will clearly have benefits, although relatively few data are available.
To reap the full benefits of information management reform, federal agencies must utilize the full potential of CIOs as information management leaders and active participants in the development of agency strategic plans and policies.
For example, VBA regional offices created self-directed employee teams and merged divisions to process veterans' benefits claims from beginning to end.
This recommendation was based on the low probability of doxazosin showing benefit over chlorthalidone for the primary endpoint, as well as the significantly increased occurrence of the secondary endpoint, combined cardiovascular disease (CVD) (encompassing CHD deaths, nonfatal MI, stroke, coronary revascularization procedures [coronary artery bypass graft or CABG, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty or PTCA/stent], angina [hospitalized or treated as an outpatient], heart failure [HF/treated in the hospital or as an outpatient], and peripheral arterial disease [in-hospital or outpatient revascularization]) in the doxazosin arm (RR 1.25; 95% CI, 1.17-1.
We analyzed the economic value associated with varying levels of yield loss for ozonesensitive commodity crops using the AGSIM© agricultural benefits model (Taylor, et al.
To introduce environmental benefits into this framework, some investigators have quantified the emission reductions related to the decreased use of electricity and fossil fuel [ 1 2 ] , including criteria air pollutants and greenhouse gases.
Some need medical care or veteran's benefits.
In the past year, teachers, students, firefighters, civil servants, airline workers, and others have closed off large sections of Brussels to chant for higher benefits.
Sure enough, Clinton declared food stamps "critical supports," and vowed to "hold states accountable and make sure families get the benefits they need."
This means not only salary, and benefits, but also housing and transportation are primary expenses each year.
More importantly, the importance and benefit of sharing their personal story with strangers was reinforced.
But they're also fast-growing markets (unlike, for example, television or even the movies), and Karmazin has ensured that CBS has reaped great benefits from them.
The chart below, extracted from the analysis, shows that, with the exception of the first year, EPA believes that the cost of the benefits associated with the implementation of the rule's requirements greatly exceed the costs of implementation of the rule.
Recent clinical data indicate that the blockade of TNF-α significantly reduces the signs and symptoms of RA [ 28 29 ] and inhibits the progression of structural damage [ 30 31 ] . It remains to be seen whether extended anti-TNF-α therapy might permit regeneration of articular cartilage and bone in established human disease, where multiple etiological pathways may contribute to the RA disease syndrome [ 32 33 ] . Nevertheless, it is likely that much of the RA pathology involves TNF-α activation, and the results from the Tg197 model provide a sound scientific rationale for the therapeutic benefits observed following anti-TNF-α treatment in RA patients.
They further include so-called public benefits programs enhanced by electricity line charges.
In response, several said they offered higher salaries and special benefits to attract and keep expert staff.
The difference: The alcohol lobby can stress liquor's ancillary health benefits and proudly point to the "Know When to Say When" ad campaign.
Exhibit 2 outlines the analytical framework used to study the benefits of the Clear Skies Act.
And, given the generosity of unemployment benefits, many don't even try.
(For a less sanguine view of the potential benefits of telecommunications competition, see Jodie T. Allen's "Living in a Second-Best World."
By and large, investigators commissioned to carry out the early case study evaluations had been trained in the academic disciplines with the strongest fieldwork traditions, and they had to struggle with the extent to which their research method could be adapted to evaluation, retain its integrity, and yield positive benefits.
The costs and benefits discussed in the analysis consider both rules.
All such benefit estimates are subject to a number of assumptions and uncertainties, which are discussed in Section III (Major Uncertainties in the Benefits Analysis) of this report.
After all, even if some other house published these books, MTV would reap the benefits of licensing, royalties, etc.
The Thirteen Years’ War yielded great benefits for Poland: the transformation of Danzig (formerly Gdansk) into an independent city-state under the protection of the Polish crown and the capture of other Knights territories.
Animals that tolerated thehigher dose did nevertheless benefit from the treatment.
The Second Century Society brochure I am enclosing will give you an understanding of the significance and activities of this group, as well as listing the specific benefits awarded to donors at the six Circles or levels of giving.
Even using the more conservative Alternative Estimate benefit projections, however, the benefits of Clear Skies still outweigh the costs of $3.
Still, none of the many benefits of free trade overcome the fact that some will lose in the more dynamic economy that aggressive free trade creates, and that the very dynamism of free trade can cast a penumbra of insecurity that goes well beyond those who will actually lose employment.
As long as you're positing an evolutionary urge with no present-day benefits, why assume the most complicated explanation is correct?
An LSC attorney speaks on behalf of a private, indigent client in a welfare benefits claim, while the Government's message is delivered by the attorney defending the benefits decision.
.. S7P316-317 Unemployment benefits and workers comp.
To reflect concerns about the inherent limitations in the number of studies supporting a causal association between long-term exposure and mortality, an Alternative benefit estimate was derived from the large number of time-series studies that have established a likely causal relationship between short-term measures of PM and daily mortality statistics.
Legal claims involving transportation reimbursement, unpaid wages, the three-fourths guarantee, blacklisting and retaliation, and problems with obtaining workers compensation benefits may all arise while the H-2A aliens are back home.
And only tax benefits, big ones, will persuade them to move into an ill-governed, crumbling capital city.
Your gift to the 1997 Girl Scout Annual Campaign can ensure that even more girls will receive the benefits that Girl Scouting has to offer.
More immigrants are receiving welfare benefits.
The Girl Scout program offers an array of benefits to our girls and adult leaders.
Expenses that are incurred for education and training that are intended to increase national economic productive capacity or for research and development that are intended to provide future benefits or returns.
A key distinction between recreational and residential benefits is that only those people living in residential areas are assumed to receive benefits from residential visibility, while all households in the U.S. are assumed to derive some benefit from improvements in Class I areas.
13 Although numerous benefits exist for both the agency and employees participating in alternative workplaces (such as employee moral and lower commuting costs), flexible workplace is a management option, not an employee benefit.
Another example would be a request to examine in detail ex-President Marcos' use of funds intended by the United States for military or civilian purposes for his personal benefit.
The law, for example, does not say that the closing of a brewery (or other plant) has to be directly attributable to NAFTA-induced trade in order for the displaced workers to be eligible for an extra year of unemployment benefits and other "adjustment" assistance.
It supplies less money, not more, to the states, frees them to cut off benefits, and largely leaves the details to them to figure out.
Department of Labor, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, and the U.S.
2 This value reflects the adjustment for changes in real income over time that is included in the chronic bronchitis valuation in our national benefits summaries.
I also didn't like the fact that two-thirds of the benefit went to one corporation.
If you have gained no benefit and I have incurred no cost, and it's a non-business situation, the judge will probably say it was unreasonable for me to take you seriously.
So they lash out at one another by each accusing the other of favoring politically unpopular, but programmatically wise policy positions: to raise taxes if circumstances warrant it; to raise the retirement age for Social Security benefits; to consider school vouchers on an experimental basis; and so on.
Although Jackson's conclusions are "mostly solid," the Times writes, his conclusion that Microsoft's integration of its browser into Windows provides no technical efficiency or consumer benefit is weak--especially because it flies in the face of an appeals court ruling last year.
And she was a board member of the Nationwide Employee Benefits Organization from 1984 to 1988.
Finally, the analysis reports, as required by paragraph 603(c), that the Commission has reduced burdens where possible and that the regulatory burdens retained are necessary to ensure the public receives the benefits of the new services in a prompt and efficient manner.
House Republicans wanted skimpy coverage, while Senate Republicans and the White House wanted coverage at least as good as the high-quality benefits enjoyed by federal employees.
• PLE brings a slight benefit in coronary patients with a normal RVEF, but causes no benefit or adverse effects (decreased right ventricular compliance, unchanged radial artery pressure-right intraventricular pressure gradient and cardiac index) in right ventricles with a reduced ejection fraction
Through his relationship with Mullah Omar-and the monetary and other benefits that it brought the Taliban-Bin Ladin was able to circumvent restrictions; Mullah Omar would stand by him even when otherTaliban leaders raised objections.
U.S. 66, 78 (1975) (internal quotation marks omitted): (1) whether"the plaintiff [is] one of the class for whose especial benefit the statute was enacted"; (2) whether "there [is] any indication of legislative intent, explicit or implicit, either to create such a remedy or to deny one"; (3) whether "it [is] consistent with the underlying purposes of the legislative scheme to imply such a remedy"; and (4) whether "the cause of action [is] one traditionally relegated to state law, in an area basically the concern of the States, so that it would be inappropriate to infer a cause of action based solely on federal law."
Although the Department did not prepare and submit to us a separate cost-benefit analysis, it did include a brief discussion of the benefits and costs associated with this rule in its regulatory impact analysis.
EPA has prepared both a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the benefits and costs of the rule in the Regulatory Impact Analysis.
Two companies anticipated and reaped significant financial benefits from the changes-mainly through improved production efficiency.
Here again, the benefits of this cut will flow almost entirely to the wealthiest, and will solve a problem that currently does not exist (that is, capital scarcity).
Whether lipid-lowering therapy would provide incremental benefit if initiated immediately following an acute coronary syndrome is an important issue as the risk of a recurrent adverse cardiac events is much greater in patients with unstable coronary disease than in the stable setting.
PROJECTED UNIT CREDIT ACTUARIAL METHOD - A method under which the projected benefits of each individual included in an actuarial present valuation are allocated by a consistent formula to valuation years.
(Working spouses must choose between their own earned benefit or half of their spouse's.)
Multiple efforts to educate the population at large on the societal benefits of organ donation are underway but the impetus to donate remains one based largely on altruism.
Also, it states that the proposed rule has been designed to minimize the impact on small entities while retaining the benefits of encouraging television broadcast programming that satisfies the requirements of the Children's Television Act of 1990.
(Alliances provide many of the benefits of mergers--added routes, global connections, oligopoly pricing--without a lot of the costs.
LSC also will develop systems for measuring the outcomes (or benefits) of the assistance that the programs provide to eligible clients.
OTHER RETIREMENT BENEFITS (ORB) - Forms of benefits, other than retirement income, provided by an employer to retirees.
The AMIGA modeling system reports the costs and benefits of each scenario with several major exceptions.
In projecting future revenues and benefits, actuaries at the Social Security Administration and Health Care Financing Administration use alternative assumptions about economic and demographic trends, including average earnings, mortality, fertility, and immigration.
However, we revealed that the benefits from physical activity on total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein B levels were mainly explained by the reduction in body mass index and the decreased smoking habits among physically active men and women.
The sooner we begin, the less we have to save per year and the greater our benefit from compounding growth.
Even using the more conservative assumptions of this Alternative, the benefits of Clear Skies still outweigh the projected costs of the proposal.
People may save more than they would have otherwise to supplement their Social Security benefits with additional retirement income or because they want to retire before they are eligible for Social Security and Medicare benefits.
The economic benefits associated with premature mortality are the largest category of monetized benefits of the Clear Skies Act.
It should be integrated with the system that provides benefits to foreigners seeking to stay in the United States.
Total Benefits in 2020 $44,000* $96,000* $41,500** $90,600**
The remaining studies provided evidence of benefit in a variety of areas:
It then compares this benefit with the cost that the monopoly imposes on the consumer.
Whether that benefit is worth its cost in terms of false acquittals is arguable, but at least there is a clear benefit.
Health benefits are related to the change in air pollutant exposure experienced by individuals; because the expected changes in pollutant concentrations vary from location to location, individuals in different parts of the country may not experience the same level of health benefits.
, annual mean PM concentration) as inputs to the health and welfare C-R functions of the benefits analysis.
OTHER RETIREMENT BENEFITS ...
Social Security income for the highest fifth may be lower than for the previous fifth because, among other possible reasons, some elderly workers or their spouses may not yet be collecting benefits.
The court left it up to the legislature to decide whether this equal entitlement can best be achieved via legalizing gay marriage or, alternatively, by codifying the rights and benefits of domestic partners.
3A defined benefit pension plan generally provides benefits based on a specific formula linked to the worker's earnings and tenure.
Social Security Administration: Internet Access to Personal Earnings and Benefits Information (GAO/T-AIMD/HEHS-97-123, May 6, 1997)
But the NYT front-page piece emphasizes a "little-noticed provision" (noticed, however, also by USAT ) that would let employers give workers up to $65 a month in tax-free mass-transit benefits (in the form, for instance, of subway tokens and bus passes).
Because the aviation industry will derive substantial benefits from this deployment, it should pay a fair share of the costs.
Clinton's Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), which proposed the regulations implementing the new food-stamp bonuses, says they will promote the goal of "ending the dependence of needy parents on government benefits."
On the basis of the emergent themes and concepts, it is concluded that the future tool will need to meet the following criteria to increase the probability of the tool's perceived benefit and integration into primary care practice:
Then Congress must either ante up or shut off a popular new working-class benefit.
Even with the benefit of hindsight, Jarrah hardly seems a likely candidate for becoming an Islamic extremist.
The Government also promises other retirement benefits, notably health benefits.
A benefit on the surrogate may be acceptable as an independent source of confirmatory data in support of a clinical benefit seen in a single trial.
benefits, recommended over 600 actions that have led to improvements in government operations, and provided 229 testimonies requested by congressional committees.
Several pundits criticize George W. Bush for attacking the House Republicans' plan to balance the budget by fudging with the benefits schedule of the Earned Income Tax Credit.
Allowance trading provides incentives for energy conservation and technology innovation that can both lower the cost of compliance and yield pollution prevention benefits.
Because 'quality of life' (QoL) describes or characterizes what the patient has experienced as a result of sepsis care, it is a useful and important supplement to traditional physiologic or biologic measures of health status; that is, assessments of effectiveness need to include wider measures of benefits to patients, and particularly those that measure the impact from the patient's point of view.
As agreed, we have examined selected employee empowerment and involvement practices at specific components within the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), the Office of Personnel Management (OPM), and the Veteran's Benefits Administration (VBA).
CAPITALIZE - To record and carry forward into one or more future periods any expenditure the benefits or process from which will then be realized.
In conclusion, the analysis finds that while compliance with the rule will bring significant health benefits to the population and also exact long-term revenue losses on the tobacco industry and short-term costs on various affiliated industry sectors, the benefits of the rule will greatly exceed the compliance costs on the United States economy.
Beginning in 2016, the program faces cash deficits as benefit payments are projected to outpace cash revenue.
Looking at the benefits on a per capita basis, there are significant differences across states in both public health and energy savings (Figure 4).
As chairman of the national association dedicated to the protection (and improvement) of playing fields, I am delighted they feature so prominently in the rhetoric of politicians, but concerned that our charity derives no direct benefit from the extensive use of what seems to have become the most popular cliché of our times.
It has been shown that those who decrease their fat intake through dieting, but maintain an active exercise program, note an increase in HDL-cholesterol levels [ 1 19 ] . Thus, if we use the above example, one can easily realize the benefits of reducing cholesterol through dieting while HDL-cholesterol are maintained.
The distribution of mortality benefits by pollutant, source, and region is presented in Table 4, with identical patterns seen for the morbidity outcomes.
Adding a prescription drug benefit to Medicare will be costly, but the cost consequences ultimately depend on choices about the benefit's scope and financing.
But for every client who received help fighting negligent landlords, abusive husbands or federal benefit program administrators, four others did not.
To address these concerns, we supplement our Base Estimate of benefits with a series of sensitivity calculations that make use of other sources of concentration-response and valuation data for key benefits categories.
Table 2.4: Some Common Benefits Expected From Case Study Evaluations
Part of the problem, he said, is that rents are rising but wages and public benefits are not.
Examples of other payments of a similar nature (and also classified as other financing sources) are the payment by the General Fund to the social security trust funds for military service credits and for certain uninsured persons at least 72 years old; and the payment by the General Fund to the Railroad Retirement Board for the vested dual benefit payments received by certain retirees under both the railroad retirement and the social security systems.
Any such gifts, gratuities, or benefits tendered to the employee are viewed as having been received on behalf of the government.
If a suit for benefits raises a claim outside the scope of the LSC program, the LSC-funded lawyer may not participate in the suit.
2 This value does not reflect the adjustment for changes in real income over time that is included in the chronic bronchitis valuation in our national benefits summaries.
If you're suffering such qualms, you're probably the sort of person who doesn't appreciate the ample benefits telephone and airline deregulation have brought.
For the Clear Skies benefits analysis, we do not have the time or resources to conduct primary economic research targeted at the specific air pollution-related benefits provided.
Many representatives told us that due to members' own resource and time constraints, members would not participate in information-sharing organizations unless they received benefits.
But the Lojack research is in many ways more informative, because the authors were able to do a thorough job of distinguishing between benefits to the purchaser of a Lojack and benefits to the community at large.
Other cost benefits included the ability to take on more of this work without expanding the labor force, and faster turnover of the work.
are headlining benefit concerts with Tibetan performers in New York and San Francisco.
In conclusion, the analysis finds that while compliance with the rule will bring significant health benefits to the population and also exact long-term revenue losses on the tobacco industry and short-term costs on various affiliated industry sectors, the benefits of the rule will greatly exceed the compliance costs on the United States economy.
That analogy is inexact, since investors have been more than willing to give many companies the benefit of the doubt, but those companies tend to be either Internet stocks, cancer-drug companies, or merger candidates.
That analysis notes that the rule will carry out the Congress' intent to establish a consistent regulatory framework for all commercial mobile radio services and that the rule will assist in the development of competition between wireless and wireline services for the benefit of consumers.
TO avoid losing valuable benefits such as a Medicaid-paid spot in a nursing home, recipients may need to spend their money fast - as early as the end of this month - but make sure they do it in a way that meets program guidelines.
"Free trade has obvious benefits," it went on, "but the rules must take into account the needs of developing nations and the new world of multinational companies."
This charge couldn't have appeared anywhere else in the Times . Absent some kind of evidence, the reporters on the national staff who have been covering the Clinton scandals can only say that prosecutors and congressional investigators are exploring the possibility that Clinton might have had some role in arranging Hubbell's post-employment benefits package.
Two principle benefits of TFX production by F2/5 are demonstrated here.
The American Medical Association proposed to legalize doctor-patient discussion of the possible benefits of medical marijuana . The AMA also urged the government to facilitate grant applications for studies on medical marijuana, including access to marijuana supplies.
He said the Association recognizes that many foreign service officers frequently travel long distances and would therefore receive considerable benefits from such legislation.
What is the cost of acquiring these benefits?
You have to wade pretty far down to get to "revenues," "earnings per share," or "non-recurring income tax benefits."
Plus, all other membership benefits.
In selecting and/or developing, and implementing a particular electronic signature technology for an automated T&A application, management must assess the risks associated with the loss, misuse, or compromise of the electronic T&A information and signatures compared to the benefits, costs, and effort associated with selecting and/or developing and managing the automated systems and electronic signatures.
Absent meaningful reform, the Social Security trust fund will be exhausted in 2038, and projected tax revenue would be adequate to pay for only 73 percent of projected benefits thereafter.
--The service cost of pensions (and other retirement benefits) to the employer entity, less the employee contributions, if any, is recognized as a cost to the employer entity.
One of the benefits of meta-analysis is that it may be used to extend conclusions beyond the frequently limited populations that are included in a single study.
Adjustments for income growth and benefits aggregation
Gradually, metropolitan institutions and the benefits of French citizenship were extended to the FWI.
However, nonworking spouses (who never paid Social Security taxes because they didn't have an income to be taxed) are entitled to Social Security benefits and Medicare based on the contribution of their spouses.
"Being a qualified, caring, competent and committed individual," reads the woman's INS rejection letter, doesn't show "that her contributions are significantly above any other member of the education profession" or that they would "provide a prospective benefit to the U.S."
neutral-phosphate therapy) is of equal benefit and does not perturb calcium/phosphorus metabolism in children with phosphate-wasting rickets [ 6 ] . Infants with hypercalcemia may have no obvious symptoms, but constitutional symptoms such as poor appetite, irritability, vomiting, FTT, or occasionally seizures may occur [ 7 ] . Classically, hypercalcemia leads to increased urine output and diminished stool frequency.
Though the law does not require that businesses provide their workers with medical benefits , many employers do so.
Although combinations of colistin with β-lactams are reported to be of unproven benefit [ 24 25 ] , a recent study conducted in an in vitro pharmacodynamic model [ 28 ] reported synergy with ceftazidime for P. aeruginosa sensitive to colistin but resistant to other antibiotics, including ceftazidime.
Combined modality therapy also did not provide any significant benefit over radiation alone for patients with a non-mutated tumor M6P/IGF2R (p > 0.2).
(And marriage benefits go to all married people regardless of whether they have children.)
Power, to be sure, brought other benefits to a female's genetic legacy, so women naturally like having power.
Here's what Culturebox has to say to all the evolutionary psychologists who feel that Culturebox has smeared them by association with a man she considers an anti-Semite: If he's going to lay claim to your methodology and benefit from your systems of legitimation, it's up to you to distinguish yourself from him.
Thus, Ralph Olmsted Williams often engaged Hall in the pages of the Dial and of Modern Language Notes; these exchanges Williams published in Some Questions of Good English (1897), recognizing that with such an adversary as Dr. Hall it was difficult to claim victory even when claiming the benefit of the last word.
Based on the cost benefit analysis performed by EPA, the rule will not impose an intergovernmental mandate because there are no enforceable duties on State, local
This benefit is especially true for students with the lowest performance on individual stations and skills.
An Interior Department representative told us that some of its bureaus use frequent flyer benefits to enable their employees to take training and attend conferences because their budgets do not cover non-program-related travel.
To achieve the benefits offered by the new era of computer interconnectivity, the federal government, like other organizational entities and individuals, must find ways to address the associated security implications.
I suppose my unease is based on how quickly public discourse has switched from the medical benefits of Viagra to stories of otherwise healthy people going to incredible lengths to get something they don't medically need.
Noting that the wealth of the world's three richest men is greater than the GNPs of the 48 poorest countries in the world combined, it said that economic globalization benefits only the developed world.
94 million in salaries and benefits to lobbyists, and another $1.
Finally, a complete economic analysis of the appropriate parameters for an (s, S) or (R, s, S) policy must include consideration of some of the “softer” costs and benefits of inventory.
Despite encountering these barriers, the employees and managers we met at each of the five agencies perceived benefits from the employee empowerment and involvement practices that their agencies had implemented.
We present information below on the selection of C-R functions for the two most significant health effects evaluated (in terms of monetized benefits), premature mortality and chronic bronchitis.
The use of PM plates have several major benefits to the analysis of our strains: 1) color change is easy to monitor and quantitate; 2) color change is very sensitive and highly reproducible; and 3) cellular respiration can occur independent of cell growth and, in some cases, can measure phenotypes that do not lead to growth [ 7 ] . Other researchers have used the Biolog™ System to explore other phenotypic changes in various mutated strains of bacteria [ 8 ] .
But size brings disadvantages as well as benefits, and never more so than when it's the result of cross-national mergers.
As Akhil Amar recently formulated the idea, officials of the state are likely to act for their own benefit rather than the benefit of its citizens.
As we held in Regional Management, the LSCA was intended by Congress for the "especial benefit" of indigent persons in need of legal services.
An ideal benefits estimate of mortality risk reduction would reflect these human characteristics, in addition to an individual's willingness to pay (WTP) to improve one's own chances of survival plus WTP to improve other individuals' survival rates.
Costs and benefits were not assessed.
In effect, the potential exists to achieve the sortation without doing the work; but if the discount is not offered, none of the benefit will be realized.
The reason is simple: The Social Security system is missing out on its own "golden years"--the one period in the program's lifetime when it should be possible both to keep paying benefits to current retirees and to make prudent provision for future claimants.
This "bottom-up" approach provides a more accurate representation of regional benefits estimates than a comparable "top-down", emissions-weighted approach might, particularly given the importance of long-range transport for the major pollutants controlled by the Clear Skies Act (SO2 and NOx, as well as mercury).
Although the tax benefits indeed seem to encourage individuals to contribute to these kinds of accounts, the amounts contributed may not be totally new saving.
Experience in major metropolitan areas where evacuation times are quick and state-of-the-art surgical and resuscitative resources and well-trained personnel are readily available has established the benefit of early surgical intervention and resuscitation on survival [ 11, 12].
Other innovative benefits include: nap tents, corporate concierges, and summer camps for office offspring.
9 We assume that current-law benefits are paid in full (i.e.
This is for a combination of reasons taken together: (a) the unemployment compensation system--including the system of taxes, the system of benefits, and the trust fund--was established by the Social Security Act of 1935 and has been amended by Federal law many times; (b) deposits are held in a trust fund operated by the U.S.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has conducted a cost and benefit analysis regarding the final rule which is contained in the Regulatory Impact Analysis.
Item : Rockers to raise awareness for plight of Tibet with D.C. benefit shows.
Is it more likely that they undercounted costs or that they undercounted benefits?
A previously reported beneficial impact on cardiovascular functioning was shown by decreases in systolic blood pressure from pre- to post-intervention in the TM group compared to controls [ 29 ] . The TM group also exhibited greater decreases in systolic blood pressure reactivity to acute laboratory behavioral stressors [ 29 ] . These physiological benefits are corroborated with behavioral and psychological benefits in the present study.
Wives thus 'abandoned' [when husbands left home to preserve welfare benefits] found it profitable to go on having babies--by whomever--in order to notch up the family income."
--Employees of the Federal Government provide services to their employer in exchange for compensation, of which some is received currently in the form of money (the salary); some is received currently in the form of payments to a third party (the employer entity contribution to the medical insurance plan for current coverage of the employees); and some is deferred (pensions and other retirement benefits).
ENTITLEMENT PERIOD - The period (such as, monthly) for which benefits become due.
Many workers injured by trade are likely to be employed by small, non-unionized companies and either unaware of the trade benefits, which unions actively peddle to their laid-off members, or in service jobs that are not covered.
As in those analyses, the EPA has not conducted extensive new primary research to measure economic benefits for individual rulemakings.
Supporters of the Homemaker IRA argue that the new benefit is needed because the current tax code discriminates against single-earner households.
Newspapers duly reported his quarrels with the GOP over revenue projections and the cost of new Medicare benefits.
I'll start with benefits.
Secondly, we are not able to judge, on accent alone, the features of `educatedness' which might be apparent to native American listeners, so we give the speaker the benefit of the doubt.
The media exaggerate the risks and benefits of research findings, and it's only in rare cases (notably cigarette smoking) that science discovers clear evidence that changing behavior can improve health.
NORMAL COST - That portion of the actuarial present value of pension plan benefits and expenses that is allocated to a valuation year by the actuarial cost method.
We believe the agency should analyze the costs and benefits of going to a flatrate basis for lodging before a decision is made to implement it.
Thompson suggests only two ways to deal with the projected shortfall: 1) cut benefits or 2) increase the share of GDP devoted to Social Security--i.e., raise taxes.
The VSL approach applies information from several published value-of-life studies, which themselves examine tradeoffs of monetary compensation for small additional mortality risks, to determine a reasonable benefit of preventing premature mortality.
This affects 15 states that restrict newcomers to the benefits they had received in their previous states, ostensibly to discourage people from benefit-shopping.
The analysis assumes that current-law benefits are paid in full after 2029 through borrowing from the Treasury.
The selection of C-R functions for the benefits analysis is guided by the goal of achieving a balance between comprehensiveness and scientific defensibility.
Special benefits may be provided to identifiable recipients who pay the fees, beyond the benefits, if any, that accrue to the general public (e.g.
2) It's done for local benefit (measuring a new therapy against placebo isn't useful for the West; we'd switch only if it were as effective as the more complex therapy).
Oddly, E argued for giving this guy the benefit of the doubt.
This benefit was driven primarily by a reduction in nonfatal MI.
The Clear Skies Initiative will deliver substantial health and environmental benefits through a market-based approach that rewards innovation, reduces costs, and ensures results.
When the New York school board cut the funding for her program, she proved a marvel of self-promotion, attracting features in all the major dailies and ending up along with her best students at Carnegie Hall for a benefit "Fiddlefest"--along with Itzhak Perlman, Isaac Stern, and other legendary "fiddlers."
But much would come in the form of reduced Social Security benefits, notably accelerated increases in the retirement age and a one-percentage-point cut in annual cost-of-living benefit adjustments.
For comparison with earlier benefits analyses, such as the first Section 812 Prospective Analysis, we also include estimates of avoided incidences of premature mortality based on the
Social Security now collects more in payroll taxes than it pays in benefits, but just 15 years from now this will be reversed, as shown in figure 1.8.
Most alarmingly, convenience gambling exacts huge social costs in the form of addiction and financial hardship without providing any economic benefit.
The clinical consensus has been that higherdoses of β-blockade should incur more benefits on ventricular remodeling.However, our studies demonstrated similar benefits at a therapeuticand sub-therapeutic dose.
! Describing the benefits that services such as community legal education, pro se assistance and referrals to community agencies provide to the communities served by LSC grantees.
An added benefit of a warm winter, of course, would be that it would make it clearer than ever that Gore's concern about global warming is well-founded.
Although future Medicare costs are expected to consume a growing share of the federal budget and the economy, pressure is mounting to expand Medicare's benefit package to cover prescription drugs, which will add billions to Medicare program costs.
Some of that work includes access to health care benefits and aiding families that may have a housing problem but also have other issues, such as a disabled child.
It also concluded that any costs are significantly outweighed by the benefits to be achieved.
Beyond any actual financial loss (which Clinton could probably recoup with a high-paying post-presidential job) there is likely to be a perceived element of strong moral rebuke associated with the forfeiture of retirement benefits.
Parents reported significant benefits from Girl Scouting for their daughters and themselves.
Mr. Chairman, I am also proud of GAO's accomplishments in supporting the Congress and helping improve the performance and accountability of government for the benefit of the American people.
The news cycle on drug scares has become so fast that the backlash (accusing the new report of over-hyping the heart-disease link and ignoring the benefits of reduced obesity) is already underway.
Social Security benefits are based on individuals' earnings during their careers.
Under pressure from the White House and immigrants' advocacy groups, Congress restored some Medicaid benefits to certain legal immigrants as part of the Balanced Budget Act (BBA) of 1997 [ 19 20 ] . Under the BBA, a legal immigrant could qualify for Medicaid (not restricted to emergency Medicaid) through SSI eligibility if he or she was lawfully in the United States and receiving SSI benefits on August 22, 1996, and subsequently certified under the SSI program as blind or disabled.
A cancer benefit.
As a generic set of laws for an extraordinarily diverse group of marriages, marriage law burdens some couples some of the time and benefits most couples most of the time.
Among the possible agencies with relevant experience, we selected the Bureau of Land Management (BLM), Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), Internal Revenue Service (IRS), and Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA) because they provided variation in mission, size, and organizational structures.
Convincing conservatives of the benefits of federal preemption and liberals of the benefits of limiting causes of action, both stumbling blocks in the past, might be doable as 107th searches for common ground.
--Employees of the Federal Government provide service to their employer in exchange for compensation, of which some is received currently (the salary); and some is deferred (pensions, retirement health benefits, and other retirement benefits).
EGAL's benefits include an electronic archive of competitive grant contracts, immediate access to digital grant award documents, reduction in administrative cost, and faster and more efficient transmittal of information to grantees.
But the formula for benefit payouts isn't proportionate to what is paid in: Low-income people get more (not in absolute terms, but compared with their contributions), while affluent retirees get less.
As a benefit, however, >99% of test genes would be included in data analyses (Table 1).
The ascertainment and quantification of any incremental benefit conferred by statin therapy initiated early after an acute coronary syndrome will require confirmation.
In other words, at concentrations of green tea or cat's claw that had minimal quenching effects on the oxidant signal itself, a significant benefit to cellular systems was seen.
Although reviewers grant that this production benefits from some nuanced performances, they still conclude that "The Sound of Music isn't really for grown-ups" (Ben Brantley, the New York Times ). They predict audiences will continue to devour the show's sentimental story anyway.
In responding to GAO's recommendations for reform, FEMA Director Witt noted that, however well taken, they, like previous reforms, were likely to be rejected by Congress because they would "seriously affect benefits to the states and their citizens."
In spite of the uncertainties in our analysis, our study provides findings with potential policy implications and demonstrates some important methodological advancements in quantifying the public health benefits of energy efficiency programs.
There are cases, especially in business, where costs and benefits can be measured in the same units--dollars--and directly compared.
Have an illegitimate child: This special qualifying factor, added by Clinton and the 103 rd Congress, is solely for the benefit of upper- and middle-class single mothers, who are now allowed to disregard their parents' income in applying for loans and grants.
Large-scale RCTs must be done to identify the health outcomes whose benefit appears most promising.
and Welfare Benefits Department of Labor
One benefit is better meeting the diverse information needs of investors in evaluating funds, which has become more difficult as the number of funds has grown.
In 2020, total benefits increase to $96 billion, with $93 billion in health benefits and $3 billion in recreational visibility benefits.
But the legal-aid groups don't know how to spread the word about the positive benefits of their work.
However, the nature of these Federal physical assets that are classified as stewardship PP&E differ from general PP&E in that their values may be indeterminable or may have little meaning (for example, museum collections, monuments, assets acquired in the formation of the nation) or that allocating the cost of such assets (for example, military weapons systems and space exploration hardware) to accounting periods that benefit from the ownership of such assets is meaningless.
The production manager perceived non-quantified financial benefits of the change, including increased efficiency and flexibility and reduced environmental compliance requirements.
There are other benefits as well, which I will outline in a moment.
Exhibit 2 Analytic Sequence for Multi-Emissions Reduction Proposal Benefits Analysis
The employer and employee contributions are generally calculated in the same way; the employer entity contribution is not earned by the social insurance program; and the benefits are generally calculated in the same way.
The framework for the Clear Skies Act benefits analysis is the same as that used in three recent state-of-the-art EPA regulatory analyses: the Section 812 Prospective Analysis (U.S.
McCue, in a 1995 JAMA article, describes medicine as a "culture of action" - it is better to do something (more tests, another medication) than to do nothing, even if the action is known to have no benefit [ 18 ] . In one study, almost half (47%) of physicians and nurses surveyed reported acting contrary to conscience in providing care to the terminally ill, with four times as many providing overly burdensome treatment than undertreatment [ 19 ] . The propensity to refer to "everything", even in cases with specific known goals, might inadvertently promote futile attempts to prolong life and deflect attention away from patients' pain and suffering.
However, the mortality rate of the patients with blood stream infection declined during the third year of the study, reflecting the potential benefit of HAART.
Uncertainties Associated with Economic Valuation of Benefits
Legislation would be required to change the government's general policy to allow civilian employees and uniformed service members to retain for personal use frequent traveler benefits accrued on official travel.
- In general, how uncertain are public health benefit estimates derived from simplified models, and what are the major contributors to that uncertainty?
Further analysis is needed of the benefits of the current system relative to the benefits of an alternative system, and of whether some of the benefits of an alternative system can be obtained by making adjustments to the current system.
But in a welfare program, the same benefit levels apply to workers and non-workers alike.
These interpretations would also invite exploitation by allowing litigants to simply wait until an alien temporarily departed the United States before cutting off workers compensation benefits, initiating eviction, repossession, divorce or child custody proceedings, or otherwise triggering the cause of action or a need for representation.
Management should design and implement internal control based on the related cost and benefits.
1 billion, represents an upper bound on the benefits from scale economies of delivery.
Over the last 20 months, judges have started to let patients sue, but not for punitive damages--only for the value of the denied benefits.
Benefits resulting from GAO's recommendations included better public safety and consumer protection, more efficient and effective government operations and services, help in ensuring Year 2000 readiness, and improvements to computer security.
As a result, arguments by indigent clients that a welfare statute is unlawful or unconstitutional cannot be expressed in this Government-funded program for petitioning the courts, even though the program was created for litigation involving welfare benefits, and even though the ordinary course of litigation involves the expression of theories and postulates on both, or multiple, sides of an issue.

❷ The agreed-upon rate and service changes will work to the mutual benefit of mail users and the postal system as a whole; and
Protectionism, by contrast, tends to impose widely spread costs but to confer benefits on concentrated interest groups, who therefore have a strong incentive to lobby for it--and to provide financial support for those who help make it seem intellectually respectable.
The way rock & roll has been selling this year--as in, Not At All--Tibet may need to stage a raising-awareness benefit for the plight of the electric guitar.
As a result, we rely on the transfer of benefits estimates from existing studies.
Thus, one benefit of the microwave is the excess of the value of the time spent outside the kitchen over the value of the time spent in the kitchen.
To keep the deficit in the rest of the budget from being laid bare for all to ogle, they propose both tax hikes and benefit cuts.
After an evening stuck in summer traffic, you'll remember that the driver in front of you imposed a cost, but you might forget that the guy who invented your car's air conditioner conferred a benefit.
It is or should be run for the benefit of ordinary people in their daily lives.
This money underwrote assistance for technology; leadership and team building; labor relations, including salaries, benefits, pensions and revised personnel policies; fund balances; due diligence and other merger-related legal work; office space and insurance; planning committee efforts; changes in intake, hotlines and case management systems; and other consolidation issues.
The estimated cost to the government (and benefit to veterans disabled as a result of VA hospitalization, medical or surgical treatment) is $166.
As a result, both the Base and Alternative monetized benefits estimates underestimate the total benefits attributable to the Clear Skies Act.
Medicare: Higher Expected Spending and Call for New Benefit Underscore Need for Meaningful Reform (GAO-01-539T, March 22, 2001).
Conservative Charles Murray, for example, blames overly generous federal welfare benefits.
In broad terms, the employee contribution out of his or her salary is an inflow of resources to the health benefits plan as part of this exchange transaction.
Commentators are commending the administration's strategic acumen in proposing to expand child-care benefits and let 55-year-olds buy into Medicare.
"But if you put them in the right place, the benefits are phenomenal,"
He has in fact made the standard freshman-economics error of viewing the interest on the debt as a cost, without accounting for the offsetting benefit: By keeping current taxes lower than they would otherwise be, the debt allows people to have higher savings and therefore to earn additional interest.
The interim rules govern parity between medical/surgical benefits and mental health benefits in group health plans and health insurance coverage offered by issuers in connection with a group health plan.
Legal Services eventually got Benjamin's benefits restored.
ENTRY AGE NORMAL ACTUARIAL METHOD - A method under which the actuarial present value of projected benefits of each employee is allocated on a level basis over the earnings or the service of the employee between entry age and assumed exit age.
The ability to define the population that does not require growth factors on the basis of a quantitative clinical indicator has an immediate benefit to the patients and the health care system: it diverts resources from patients who will not benefit to those who will.
He was willing to give American society the benefit of the doubt, to assume that in the future, racism--direct economic discrimination--would no longer be a major force holding African-Americans back.
Such surrogate endpoints are considered not to be validated because, while suggestive of clinical benefit, their relationship to clinical outcomes, such as morbidity and mortality, is not proven" [ 35] (emphasis added).
medicare, social security, and food stamp benefits.
But here, too, he may deserve the benefit of the doubt.
(However, if each partner had had substantial earnings, no marriage benefit would accrue--the law requires the lower-earning partner to choose between taking his or her own earned benefit or one-half of the partner's benefit.)
Again, the offer benefits Gore because his earlier spending spree has backfired on him.
To the extent effects such as these represent categories of benefits that are truly valuable to the U.S. population, we have underestimated the total benefits of the Clear Skies Act.
VBA faces challenges in processing veterans' benefit claims accurately and in a timely manner.
"Time-sharing" had the added benefit of letting people get their hands on keyboards, which few of them had ever done.
All the industries that benefit most from tax loopholes--real estate, oil and gas, finance--give much more money to Republicans.
We snack when we believe the benefits exceed the costs.
Stein also informs us that when Alan Greenspan trumpets immigrant labor as an inflation weapon, "what he's [really] saying is, 'We're redistributing income to the employers and the immigrants themselves--take[ing] it out of the pocket of middle-class taxpayers--to pay for the benefit of the army of marching poor that we're importing into the country.' "
The primary benefit of combining these two projects is that the ACI hookup can be completed during the outage for the SCR hookup, since the installation effort necessary for the SCR will far outweigh the ACI system.
It also said that Chinese foreign trade officials have indicated that European countries that dissociate themselves from Washington's "hawkish" policies will stand the best chance of reaping benefits from the vast China market.
Instead, we're guided by more flexible criteria such as the cost-benefit principle: A policy is good when its benefits exceed its costs, with benefits (or costs) measured by what the proponents (or opponents) would be willing to pay to see the policy enacted (or defeated).
It is much harder to convince someone to poke her gums every night with a piece of rubber, to sleep with a choking plastic tooth guard, and to undergo four surgeries to fix a gum flap, all for a benefit that is decades away.
All of this surely will draw the curious hoards, a benefit that few museums can ignore given the unreliability of outside funding sources.
If our findings are real, the observation that the association with wine intake was slightly stronger for white wine than for red wine is surprising, because it has been suggested that red wine has greater health benefits than white wine and this may be due to greater antioxidant capacity [ 39 ] . Other research has indicated that both white and red wine have beneficial health effects and similar antioxidant properties [ 40 ] . The total antioxidant capacity of wine and the relative antioxidant properties of white and red wine vary depending on the assays used and no consensus has been reached.
In 2020, total benefits increase to $96 billion, with $93 billion in health benefits and $3 billion in recreational visibility benefits.
Relative benefit or risk was considered to be statistically significant when the 95% confidence interval did not include 1. NNT or NNH values were only calculated when the relative risk or benefit was statistically significant, and are reported with the 95% confidence interval.
The hot lines and referral services tackle estate planning, pension, and health benefits, elder abuse and neglect, guardianship custodial issues involving grandchildren, consumer protection and other elder-law issues.
The employer and employee contributions are generally calculated in the same way; the employee contribution is not earned by the social insurance program; and the benefits are generally calculated in the same way.
Although it is not within the scope of this study to answer this important question, it should be emphasized that the model provides some other distinctive and practical benefits.
Workers compensation benefits may also be improperly terminated after the worker has left the country, requiring the worker to retain legal assistance to reinstate them.
EXPENSE -Outflows or other using up of assets or incurrences of liabilities (or a combination of both) during a period from providing goods, rendering services, or carrying out other activities related to an entity's programs and missions, the benefits from which do not extend beyond the present operating period.
Shouldn't we encourage those people to stay on welfare, albeit at a lower benefit level, rather than make a harsh, clean break?
• The Criteria Air Pollutant Modeling System (CAPMS) is used to quantify human health benefits due to the changes in a population's exposure to fine particulate matter and ozone.
Remaining an enigma lets her retain the benefit of the doubt.
But if the primary goal is a future where all children are well covered, Congress should stick with the Senate's broad insurance benefits, but open the program to all children below 200 percent of poverty--even the currently insured.
39 Knowing more about Social Security's financial status would help workers to understand how to view their personal benefit estimates.
Although renewals will certainly be accepted after that date, as will new members, annual benefits will have been reduced by more than four months.
"Microsoft's Strategy Has Given Users Some Benefits," proclaimed a New York Times headline over a laudatory Associated Press story.
Research into this area could bring far wider benefits.
Armenian and Russian immigrants prevented Azerbaijanis from reaping the full benefits of their oil industry.
The day you were born, you brought both costs and benefits into this world.
Some of the concentration-response functions used in this benefits analysis were derived from such short-term studies.
Total benefit numbers reflect use of three percent discount rate.
The rumors started even before the movie went into production, without the benefit of hired publicists.
"And a careful consideration of the benefits of making China a member--plus the costs of not doing so--will convince most Americans their best interests lie in opening wide the WTO door."
Statistics show that needle exchange programs, among other benefits, are a way of getting people into rehab.
Although monitoring, in itself, may encourage compliance with information security policies, the full benefits of monitoring are not achieved unless results are used to improve the security program.
Framing the benefits of treatment in relative rather than absolute terms may emphasize the short-term benefits of a treatment [ 6 9 ] . Conversely, framing the risks of treatment in relative rather than absolute terms may emphasize its risks [ 10 ] . Comparing relative and absolute risk reduction and NNT as methods to inform patients about preventive therapies, Hux et al illustrated that the metric used to present data can affect a patient's perception of a therapy's effectiveness [ 11 ] .
Some excise taxes (considered to be benefit taxes) are levied on bases that are related to the use of publicly provided goods and services or the public provision of other benefits, such as the gasoline tax; certain other excise taxes are levied on bases related to a cause of some damage and are dedicated to pay down costs, such as the tax on domestically mined coal, which is dedicated to the black lung disability trust fund.
Recurring and quantifiable benefits on a monthly and/or quarterly basis over the system life from reductions in such items as salaries, fringe benefits, supplies, utilities, and space occupancy.
On the other hand, the presumption of a trade-off between environmental and economic benefits may not provide an entirely appropriate framework for analysis of such policies (DeCanio, 1997).
French Antilles citizens enjoy the same state benefits as all French citizens, drink the same famous wines, and eat the same cheeses and patés on baguettes just as crustily delicious as those turned out by every bakery in the métropole.
In addition, Indiana residents may receive tax benefits through the Indiana tax credit which is applied directly against the "bottom line" of the state tax return.
The issue with regard to MRI as a surrogate in stroke trials is whether it is 'reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit'.
Distinguishing between organizational policies and guidelines provided several benefits.
Such automated reporting systems can take two basic forms - they can facilitate clinicians' active reporting of individual cases of diseases of interest, or they can use some of the extensive information that is already collected in automated form in the process of medical care delivery or in administration of medical care benefits.
The benefit is thought to be, in part, due to a reduction in the incidence of ischemic complications, which is likely to be secondary to prevention of platelet aggregation, thrombus formation, and distal embolization, in native coronary arteries [ 6].
Benefit
PRWORA made several key reforms restricting public assistance for qualified immigrants [ 17 ] . Prior to the implementation of PRWORA, "qualified aliens" were eligible for the same federal means-tested benefits as US citizens.
We would expect clinicians to make decisions that are consistent with their views on the harm and benefit of a particular therapy.
In addition to our national benefits results, we generated regional estimates of the benefits of the Clear Skies Act using the same benefits estimation procedure used to generate the national estimates.
A relevant therapeutic benefit may also be in restoring the patient's ability to function on a daily basis, to socialize, and to be alert.
An interesting exchange in the new "Marriage and Family" thread on what a marriage is all about inspired one veteran fraygrant to his thoughts on some of the unexpected benefits of marriage.
Determining the degree to which a supplier benefits from its technological investments is the real issue.
He has read some news reports suggesting moderate alcohol use may yield benefits, but his doctor has never mentioned such benefits, and my father has never given a thought to changing his drinking habits.
The health benefits or hazards associated with fish consumption will require added attention to origin of fish - marine or fresh water - given the reported differences in stores of polyunsaturated fatty acids and N-3 fatty acid between the two types of fish [ 44 45 46 47 ] . Levels of N-3 fatty acids vary by fish species, oil content of fish, sex and age of fish, and factors exogenous to fish such as water temperature [ 47 48 ] . Oily fish from cold waters (whether marine or fresh bodies of water) are reported to have higher levels of N-3 fatty acids in comparison to fish from warmer bodies [ 45 47 ] . The ratio of N-3 to N-6 fatty acids has recently been suggested as being associated with gestation and birth weight [ 49 ] and this ratio is approximately four-times greater in marine fish in comparison to fresh water fish [ 45 ] . Type and species-specific fish consumption will remain important considerations in assessing exposure scenarios based on fish consumption.
The USA Today lead is that a government commission report to be published today will urge a new package of better benefits for military veterans.
These decisions were based on the fundamental rule of law that a federal employee is obligated to account for any gift, gratuity, or benefit received from private sources incident to the performance of official duty.
Second, Social Security benefits don't go just to elderly retirees.
Implemented additional employee-friendly benefits such as business casual dress, flextime, and public transportation subsidies.
The range of benefits occurs because of the current uncertainty in the estimates of the number of cases of foodborne illness and death attributable to the pathogens that enter the meat and poultry supply at the manufacturing stage.
Quantifying the health benefits of energy efficiency programs therefore requires a simplified approach toward risk calculations, with adequate characterization of uncertainty to aid in the interpretation of the findings.
I like your conspiracy theory, but where most such theories fall apart on the unlikelihood of the conspirators being sufficiently organized to carry off such a thing, yours falls apart on the unlikelihood of any alternative candidate's being sufficiently disorganized not to understand the benefits of serving the interests of corporate oil.
The benefits of a proposed regulation are then estimated as the difference in benefit outcomes (e.g.
The unanimous ruling held that "the state is constitutionally required to extend to same-sex couples the common benefits and protections that flow from marriage under Vermont law."
But with multiple insurance companies, that doesn't work so well: A company that insures only 10 percent of the populace will reap only 10 percent of the Lojack's benefits, and so will undersubsidize them.
Based on its antiprogesterone activity, RU486 has been evaluated as a useful anticancer agent in organs sensitive to this hormone [ 4 ] . Although evidence was not conclusive in these studies, RU486 demonstrated a benefit to humans suffering from meningioma, breast cancer and uterine leiomyomata [ 4 ] . Several in vitro studies also demonstrated that RU486 induced antiproliferative effects against murine mammary tumors [ 5 ] as well as cultured human endometrial stromal and epithelial cells [ 6 7 ] .
The unanimous ruling held that "the state is constitutionally required to extend to same-sex couples the common benefits and protections that flow from marriage under Vermont law."
It is time to examine whether the financial benefits of trying to make use of frequent flyer benefits would be outweighed by the recruiting and retention benefits of allowing personal use of those benefits.
Requiring every plant over 30 years old to meet New Source Performance Standards and New Source Review modification requirements seems unnecessary and could undermine the benefits of the cap and trade approach.
Aramony, jailed for fraud and embezzlement after years of stealing from the charity, had a "top hat " pension plan, a grotesquely lavish package of benefits far richer than those offered to ordinary workers.
We apportioned benefits among individuals by matching the change in air pollutant concentration in each grid cell with the size of the population that experiences that change.
If car insurance were a tax-free benefit, it wouldn't be surprising to find employers picking low-cost insurers who make you visit "preferred" mechanics and skimp on coverage for Land Rovers and minivans.
But as David Ellwood and Lawrence Summers have shown, cash welfare benefits rose sharply in the 1960s and fell in the 1970s and 1980s, when out-of-wedlock births rose most.
Miscellany: Hawaiian legislators decided to give domestic-partnership benefits to gay couples instead of letting them marry.
Unlike the celebrity portraits, these were mostly taken without benefit of makeup, props, and lighting design; as a result, faces tend to disappear into contexts.
Benefits are not limited to those who sued: Any one of the six million Americans who took the drug can submit claims, and there is no statute of limitations.
"Parents who found only low-paying jobs without health benefits did not improve the well-being of their children.
The cluster of buildings around a small central square was set aside in 1346 for the benefit of Beguines, members of a lay Catholic sisterhood.
The Vermont Supreme Court ruled this week that gay couples are entitled to the same "benefits and protections" as heterosexual married couples.
If markets were willing to give the country the benefit of the doubt--if, say, they were willing to hold Brazilian debt at a real interest rate only twice as high as that on U.S. bonds--Brazil's budget deficit would not look scary at all.
The benefits include your ongoing contributions to the world's stock of ideas, love, friendship, and diversity.
It has been widely thought, but never been proven that the specific tyrosine kinase inhibitors such as Gleevec can be used as adjuvant therapy in combination with conventional chemotherapy, because the limited clinical trial data suggests only a marginal benefits using this kind of drug to treat the cancer alone (John Rogers, WVU Cancer center, ECOG trial member, personal communication).
The Clean Air Act Amendments (CAAA) Section 812 Prospective Study of Costs and Benefits (1999): Advisory by the Advisory Council on Clean Air Compliance Analysis: Costs and Benefits of the CAAA.
The Commission believes that the benefits from the more complete disclosure and increased market efficiency are expected to outweigh the related costs.
McCain benefits, too, from the general swoon about his history.
Even if these findings are not confirmed after further study, one could still make a compelling argument that lipid-lowering therapy (barring contraindications) should be initiated early and universally in patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome: First, the long-term safety and effectiveness of statins for the secondary prevention of stable coronary disease is well-established [ 1 2 3 ] ; Second, as evidenced by MIRACL, these agents are safe when initiated at the time of hospitalization for an acute coronary syndrome; Third, the in-hospital initiation of lipid-lowering therapy appears to promote greater long-term utilization of these agents [ 18 19 20 21 ] . Finally, although lipid levels may be unreliable in the setting of an acute coronary syndrome (excepting total :HDL and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratios [ 22 ] ) the overwhelming majority of patients with coronary disease will ultimately require both pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic lipid-lowering interventions to attain recommended cholesterol targets [ 23 24 25 ] ; newer guidelines are even more stringent [ 26 ] . Furthermore, data from the recently presented Heart Protection Study suggest that clinical benefits may accrue independent of baseline cholesterol level [ 4 ] . Thus, to withhold lipid-lowering therapy from patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome would be to accept the status quo, and to date our efforts at cholesterol lowering in the secondary prevention setting have been dismal [ 27 28 ] .
Ah, I'd forgotten all about editorial cartoonist Ranan Lurie, for whom I once toiled as a graphics assistant (wage: $5 an hour, no benefits, in 1987) for two months, until you retrieved my repressed memories.
Such legislation would be necessary to repeal the current requirement that such benefits be used only for official travel9 and to affirmatively authorize employees and members to retain for personal use these benefits that are now considered the property of the government.
The clinical consensus has been that higherdoses of β-blockade should incur more benefits on ventricular remodeling.However, our studies demonstrated similar benefits at a therapeuticand sub-therapeutic dose.
She went on to say that this approach had the added benefit that should someone ask her to spend the night, she would be prepared.
Analyses of budget and spending battles lead at the New York Times , the Washington Post , and USA Today . The NYT highlights a fringe benefit to the current spending impass: national debt repayment.
Many insured families have inadequate child benefits, excessive costs, or periods without coverage.
In addition to consideration of which metric is used to describe risks, the time horizon over which risks or benefits occur may affect risk interpretation.
• The economic value that people place on improved visibility on a day that they visit a Class I area is applied to the predicted deciview changes and projected number of park visitors affected to attain recreational visibility monetary benefits.
Veterans' benefits: 2.6
Girl Scouting benefits parent/child relationships.
"We specialize in public benefits, housing evictions and domestic violence," Comart said, but added that because of such a high volume of need and staffing reductions, "most cases are advice and brief services as opposed to extended representation."
And food stamps are a peculiar benefit, in that, if you have children, you can get them whether or not you work.
Government; (c) Federal law specifies extensive requirements for the state unemployment tax and unemployment benefits; (d) the Federal unemployment tax finances grants to states to cover their entire cost of administering the unemployment
The analysis for the Registration Form rule notes that while it is difficult to quantify costs and benefits, the total annual cost of $175 million for preparing, filing, and updating the current Form N-1A is not expected to rise significantly because new information is not required.
7 The ozone season for this analysis is defined as the 5-month period from May to September; however, to estimate certain crop yield benefits, the modeling results were extended to include months outside the 5-month ozone season.
While it is impressive that a clinical benefit was realized after only 16 weeks of statin therapy, the increased risk of adverse clinical events persists throughout the year following an acute coronary syndrome.
This problem remained contained, he says, until the '60s, when "the New Deal idea of 'benefits' as emergency help, to be applied for reluctantly and granted responsibly, became the Great Society concept of 'entitlements.
One benefit of combining
The utility of yeast protein-protein interaction maps for generating signaling network models has previously been suggested [ 23 ] , and they have been used to predict metabolic pathways [ 24 ] . Expression data has been used to generate and refine models for genetic regulatory networks without the benefit of protein-protein interaction data [ 25 ] . In this study, we have used expression data to rank candidate pathways of interacting proteins.
These included a 20 percent increase in Social Security benefits, plus automatic cost-of-living adjustments; the "black lung" disability benefit program for miners; and creation of the Environmental Protection Agency as well as the Occupational Safety and Health Administration.
Including emergency room visits in a benefits analysis that already considers hospital admissions, for example, will result in double counting of some benefits if the category "hospital admissions" includes emergency room visits.
The resultant nitrotyrosine is used as a marker of peroxynitrite or at least nitration reactions in gastritis [ 13 ] , inflammatory bowel disease [ 15 16 ] as well as general inflammation [ 17 ] . While we have demonstrated that peroxynitrite-induced apoptosis of macrophages and colon epithelial cells is reduced by ascorbic acid [ 18 ] , it is not known if other dietary antioxidants exert similar benefits or if they are present in epithelial cells from the upper gastrointestinal tract.
Given the rate of new home construction (approximately 1.2 million new homes per year), this implies that a code change today would yield identical annual benefits as the one million home retrofit in about 5 years, with identical cumulative benefits in 9 years.
Ensure that the agency has selected the mostadvantageous and realistic alternative with respect to benefits, costs, and risks (based on steps 4 and 7).
18 On the one hand, Social Security benefits reduce the amount people need to save on their own for retirement.
"[I]t is almost impossible to see what benefit Sinn Fein/IRA would gain from junking the threat of violence," it said.
The Grand Army of the Republic spread in the wake of state and national benefits for Union veterans of the Civil War, for example.
1 These include the benefits offered by airlines, hotels, and car rental vendors.
Benefits for higher gift levels are listed on the enclosed Acceptance Form.
The WP and LAT off-lead, and the NYT goes above the fold with yesterday's decision by the Vermont Supreme Court that gay and lesbian couples are entitled to the same legal benefits and protections enjoyed by heterosexual married couples.
The visions within are strange indeed and benefit from good lighting effects.
The analysis also discusses alternative approaches which were considered by EPA but were found lacking because they did not either significantly reduce the burden on small entities or would have jeopardized the program's projected air quality benefits.
So here's today's lesson for both Congress and the president: Whether you want to save money on federal education aid or add benefits for more needy students, the way to come up with the needed dollars is to stop subsidizing a stupid system.
In a small effort to reopen discussion of this option, here's a specific proposal: States should experiment with programs in which all qualifying teen-agers and women would be offered lump-sum $1,000 cash payments--on top of any other benefits they receive--to have Norplant (or another long-term contraceptive) implanted at government expense.
The estimated 5-year benefit cost is $1,656,100,000.
Many of the wealthy realized the benefits of disbursing wealth at death (A.
Social Security survivor benefits --and spousal benefits under other federal programs such as veterans' pensions --apply only to a legal spouse, not to an unmarried partner.
Clinton's college breaks will be of primary benefit to middle- and upper-middle class taxpayers.
The bottom curve shows that at 0 percent inefficiencies, the net scale benefit is -$2.
The results of the regional analysis of visibility benefits indicate that benefits are realized throughout the country, with a higher concentration of benefits in those areas of higher population density.
In addition, we spoke with the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, the former Under Secretary of Benefits for VBA, and the former Deputy Director for BLM to discuss their agencies' experiences and challenges in implementing balanced expectations in their performance management systems.
Life seems to have changed little in generations, though the mud-brick houses now have the benefit of electricity.
IDA balances generally are not to be considered in determining eligibility and benefits for means-tested federal programs.
Although excluding the complete array of morbidity endpoints will result in a systematic underestimation of benefits, we adopt this approach for the sake of brevity.
While Pine Tree has income guidelines for its clients in housing and public benefits cases, there are no income limits for those receiving services to prevent domestic violence.
The monetary benefit of reducing premature mortality risk was estimated using the "value of statistical lives saved" (VSL) approach, although the actual valuation is of small changes in mortality risk experienced by a large number of people.
Now that Washington has stopped guaranteeing welfare benefits, a compassionate government surely owes its poorest citizens no less than this.
The odd thing is that at this moment when markets are replacing hierarchies all across the American business landscape, you also have all these companies--like AOL, like Viacom/CBS, like DaimlerChrysler, like AT&T--doing the exact opposite, making deals on the assumption that you need to have everything under one roof to really reap all the benefits.
Ensure that the economic analysis includes present values for costs and benefits and is updated periodically.

43 Social Security is financed mainly on a pay-as-you-go basis, which means that payroll taxes of current workers are used to pay retirement, disability, and survivor benefits for current beneficiaries.
Volunteer Lawyers for the Arts, Veterans' Organizations, the Legal Aid Society-these are networks bigger than most corporate networks, involving contract disputes, benefits work, contacts with large government agencies that themselves could be the source of work.
(However, if each partner had had substantial earnings, no marriage benefit would accrue--the law requires the lower-earning partner to choose between taking his or her own earned benefit or one-half of the partner's benefit.)
The mortality and chronic bronchitis health endpoints are the most influential in our estimation of monetized benefits, because they account for over 95 percent of the total estimated monetized benefits of the Clear Skies Act.
However, the discharge will cost her her veterans' and other benefits.
The EPA has included a detailed economic analysis in its submission to GAO, setting forth and assessing the costs, benefits, and associated impacts of the rule.
After all, global poverty is not something recently invented for the benefit of multinational corporations.
After several uncomfortable weeks he decided, without the benefit of his economists, to impose the freeze anyway.
3 Benefits paid by pension plans are not a component of NIPA personal income, although pension benefits represent an important means for many retirees to finance consumption (see Q1.
Benefits often cover employees' families, and some companies now are extending benefits to same-sex partners as well.
Reducing future benefits obviously reduces future spending for Social Security retirement benefits and stems government dissaving.
The paper notes that some reject the suggestion that pregnancy is a disability, while others wonder why parents with children should receive a special benefit the elderly do not.
Also, a small business representative told us that, although she believed that there is a need for more coordination and cooperation across federal agencies, small businesses are generally skeptical about the benefits of standardization because their interests may be neglected.
He said his own health insurance plan, which would ostensibly cover "90 percent of the American people" and "100 percent of all children," would cost "$146 billion over 10 years," plus "a prescription drug benefit … under Medicare for $118 billion over 10 years."
For example, the mortality risk estimates for short-term exposure to PM10 from NMMAPS were overestimated (this study was not used in this benefits analysis of fine particle effects).
Health benefits are related to the change in air pollutant exposure experienced by individuals; because the expected changes in pollutant concentrations vary from location to location, individuals in different parts of the country may not experience the same level of health benefits.
In addition to the financial benefits resulting from GAO's work, the agency's efforts also contribute to numerous qualitative improvements in government operations and services.
Employee Benefit Research Institute, March 2000.
Where possible, the underlying cause should be treated to at least provide symptomatic relief when the burden of the therapy does not outweigh the benefit.
Beyond simple graphic standardization, computer implementation of a graphic language for biology is not only feasible with currently available computer and internet technology, but could yield substantial benefits to biomedical education, investigation and industry.
(2) requires agencies to base decisions about IT investments on quantitative and qualitative factors associated with the costs, benefits, and risks of those investments and to use performance data to demonstrate how well the IT expenditures support improvements to agency programs, through measurements such as reduced costs, improved employee productivity, and higher customer satisfaction, and (3) requires executive agencies to appoint CIOs to carry out the IT management provisions of the act and the broader information resources management requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act.
And Tripp's pay and retirement benefits are staggering compared with those of the men and women in those hard jobs now.
(without fringe benefits) was $24,076 for full-time U.S. workers in that year.
In 1998, Social Security benefits contributed 38 percent of the elderly's cash income.
In the remainder of this section, we discuss the major sources of each of these three categories of uncertainty related to the estimate of avoided health effects, avoided ecological effects, and monetary valuation of these benefits.
When they're deprived of options and benefits that exceed what they've paid for, or when they're obliged to pay premiums sufficient to cover the options and benefits they expect, they figure some special interest is ripping them off.
workers are not confident that Social Security (65 percent) and Medicare (57 percent) will continue to provide benefits equivalent to those received today.
Because mortality rates in the region of 50-60% have been reported in critically ill patients receiving inappropriate treatment [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ] , the use of colistin may indeed have been of clinical benefit in our patients.
Note that these figures cannot be added together for an overall estimate because they (a) double count the benefits of controlling multiple pollutants simultaneously, and
Exhibit 1 Summary of Results: The Estimated PM and Ozone-Related Benefits of the Clear Skies Act in 2010 and 20203
TECHNICAL ADDENDUM: METHODOLOGIES FOR THE BENEFIT ANALYSIS OF THE CLEAR SKIES INITIATIVE
China's leaders have drawn conclusions from the collapse of the Soviet Union: that if they allow dissent or take steps toward democracy, they will be dead or jailed in a decade; and that no amount of economic benefit is worth the destruction of their regime.
The results of the regional analysis of visibility benefits indicate that benefits are realized throughout the country, with a higher concentration of benefits in those areas of higher population density.
It is no longer news for the people of India when their media report that English is, again, under attack, for it has been part of Indian politics to denounce English in public forums but seek its socio-economic benefits in private.
The Secretaries have found that without prompt guidance, some members of the regulated community would have difficulty complying with the requirements of the HIPAA and insured individuals will not understand the benefit to them of having a certificate of prior coverage to present upon entering the individual health insurance market.
As shown in Figure 3, the relative contributions of states to energy savings versus public health benefits also vary substantially.
Reforms focused partly on immigrants, following testimony from the General Accounting Office estimating that slightly more than half of the Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefits provided to elderly persons were collected by noncitizens in 1995 [ 13 14 ] . In justifying PRWORA [ 15 ] , the House Ways and Means Committee stated that it had been a basic tenet of US immigration policy since 1882 that legal immigrants should not be eligible for public benefits.
From this one could postulate that the benefits of diets rich in antioxidants could be in part due to a reduction in signals leading to apoptosis and cell activation.
In compliance with section 202 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, EPA prepared a written statement, including a cost benefit analysis, assessing the impact of the rule, which it published with both the proposed and the final rule.
From an apparel supplier’s perspective, the benefits of adopting shipping container markers and modular production are much higher once bar codes and EDI are in place.
10 Are there subpopulations that benefit more from motivational or brief interventions?
OTHER POSTEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (OPEB) - Forms of benefits provided to former or inactive employees, their beneficiaries, and covered dependents outside pension or ORB plans.
Exhibit 4 provides a list of the health effects for which we estimate quantified benefits as part of our analysis plus a list of the health effects for which we are unable to quantify benefits at this time.
improper selection of travel or transportation providers for the benefit of the employee.
[ 7 ] . These findings suggest that the absolute benefit from statin therapy is proportional to the patient's baseline level of CHD risk.
Due to these EPO effects, patients with cancer are expected to have direct benefits through fewer transfusions and lower exposure to anemia effects.
Most search strings must be edited on a gene-by-gene basis, as a vast majority of publications do not adhere to the official nomenclature and gene names and abbreviations in use can differ from the aliases provided by HGNC or lack specificity (see discussion in 'Benefits and limitations').
Norplant counselors could also stress the benefits of abstinence, while presenting the contraceptive as a backup safeguard.
Final Heavy-Duty Engine / Diesel Fuel Rule: Air Quality Estimation, Selected Health and Welfare Benefits Methods, and Benefit Analysis Results.
Examples of this bread-and-butter work include highly contentious custody disputes, cases involving sub-standard housing and loss of shelter, and the loss of disability and other health benefits, to name a few.
About half completely terminate cash benefits and about half trigger a work requirement after a specific period on the rolls, usually 24 months or 36 months.
But once people read about the physical benefits that accrue from writing, I'm sure that writing clinics will spring up in California, land of all good fads, or if the JAMA study is discredited and writing clinics are outlawed, then they will spring up in Mexico.
People may save more than they would have otherwise to supplement their Social Security benefits with additional retirement income or because they want to retire before they are eligible for Social Security and Medicare benefits.
Although the notion of duplication producing redundant genes is central to current theories of duplicated gene evolution, the short-term benefits of gene duplications are well known.
Although some may view their payroll tax contributions as a form of retirement saving, workers need to understand that their contributions are not deposited into interest-bearing accounts for each individual but are largely used to finance current benefits.
The conduct of "benefits transfer" exercises necessarily involves some uncertainties.
USA Today adds: "And negotiators for President Clinton and congressional Republicans agreed on extending disability benefits to legal immigrants left out by last year's welfare reform law.
Most of the costs are imposed on their other beloved children, while many of the benefits are dispersed among strangers.
Of course any sane person recognizes the importance of paying computer experts to fix oncoming problems (just as it is important that plumbers fix antiquated pipes), but the use of their time is a cost, not a benefit.
These benefits, however, have been apparent in subset analyses of clinical trials, or in observational studies designed to specifically assess their efficacy in saphenous vein graft interventions.
Under the old rules, the federal government would match the money states spent, according to a formula that took account of state need and benefit levels.
In response to a request about the counterterrorism benefits of the 9/11 detainee program, the Justice Department cited six individuals on the special interest detainee list, noting that two (including Moussaoui) were linked directly to a terrorist organization and that it had obtained new leads helpful to the investigation of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
Reducing future benefits obviously reduces future spending for Social Security retirement benefits and stems government dissaving.
But each of those costs has an offsetting benefit.
Without such benefits, according to the representatives we met with, members would not continue participating.
Although a benefit of ACE use in HIV infected patients has been reported previously, [ 9 ] the benefits of ACE in retarding progression of renal failure in patients with HIVAN did not translate into improvement of survival of these patients on dialysis.
It also asks statement recipients to check their listed earnings to help correct errors and ensure benefits are correct when workers retire, become disabled, or die.
The cuts the governors complained about were the elimination of benefits to legal immigrants, who heretofore have been treated pretty much the same as citizens with regard to welfare benefits.
Patients in PROACT II [ 2], however, were selected based on evidence of arterial occlusions at the M1 or M2 levels of the middle cerebral artery by conventional arteriography, and a significant clinical benefit was observed when thromboly-sis was initiated up to 6 h from symptom onset (median time to treat, 5.3 h).
Critics interpret this kind of standardization and integration, for all their benefits to consumers, as triumphs of marketing, not technology.
For all three problems there are only three solutions: cut benefits, raise revenues, or borrow.
The news cycle on drug scares has become so fast that the backlash (accusing the new report of over-hyping the heart-disease link and ignoring the benefits of reduced obesity) is already underway.
Beale can scarcely be held accountable for Barnhart's scholarship, but I can say that I personally know the term to have been used in the early 1950s, and I did not then get the impression that it had been coined for my benefit.
One benefit is that researchers can now focus etiologic investigations at the finer spatial scales where local excesses in cancer morbidity are found on Long Island.
Hawaiian legislators decided to give domestic-partnership benefits to gay couples instead of letting them marry.
Clear support for Sun Java would also be good (and would, in the long run, benefit Microsoft).
, we assume that all promised Social Security benefits are paid even after the projected exhaustion of the OASDI Trust Funds in 2038).
I'm tempted to give Murakami the benefit of the doubt--to say, even, that his pat machinations force his readers into his crowd of wound-up dolls (of whom most died, remember, "plunging over the edge of the table").
In the specific context of §504(a)(16) suits for benefits, an LSCfunded attorney speaks on the behalf of the client in a claim against the government for welfare benefits.
On the contrary, the remarkable thing is how narrow the benefits, even in absolute terms, of the boom of the last 15 years have been.
Included in those amendments was the Acid Rain cap and trade program, the first program tailored specifically to the utility sector, which is achieving significant environmental and public health benefits at a fraction of the initial cost estimates and with relatively little government bureaucracy.
The retirement benefits promised under current law reduce the amount people believe they need to save on their own for retirement.
After scenario development, the second step of the benefits analysis is the estimation of the effect of the Clear Skies Act on emissions sources.
In southern states, this food-stamp benefit typically exceeds the regular monthly TANF benefit.
If you missed our previous links to 1) President's Clinton's vacuous Social Security promise and 2) a summary of the very real tax hikes and benefit cuts proposed by Moynihan and Kerrey, click and .
For example, the revenue that the Employees Health Benefit fund earns from contributions by Federal employees, annuitants, employer entities, and the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) is an offset to the insurance premiums that it pays to private firms.
This site provides information links, tools, and resources developed for the benefit of the audit profession, including audit programs, best practices, and research services.
It is in the collective interest of boaters that each boat owner be required to pay a fee, to support a Coast Guard that provides those nonexcludable benefits.
Those benefits may be defined in terms of specified benefits, such as health care, tuition assistance, or legal services, which are provided to retirees as the need for those benefits arises, such as certain health care benefits.
The Washington Post , inferring that the bombers sought "to sabotage Palestinian-Israeli peacemaking," stipulated, "Most Palestinians do not support terror attacks against Israel, which they regard as only impeding progress toward the tangible benefits of peace."
In politics, practical benefits usually beat principle.
Like most regulatory regimes, this one ended up working largely for the benefit of the regulatees--restricting competition and making ownership of a bank a more or less guaranteed sinecure.
We selected the Bureau of Land Management (BLM), Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), Internal Revenue Service (IRS), and Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA) because they used a set of balanced expectations to manage the performance of all or a significant portion of their senior executives prior to the OPM requirement.
Low-income workers, especially, have been reluctant to sign up for the benefits to which they are legally entitled.
A benefit of Tennessee's fair housing efforts (noted earlier) is that LSC-funded programs in Mississippi, in collaboration with West Tennessee Legal Services, will receive a three-year HUD grant of $350,000 to develop and administer a fair housing initiative in Mississippi.
Noncash transfers such as food stamps or health care benefits are not reflected.
Comparing our experience on the Acid Rain Program with the NOx SIP Call and the Section 126 petitions demonstrates the benefit of having certain key issues decided by Congress rather than left to Agency rulemakings.
If benefits would have exceeded taxes, the OASDHI trust funds make a payment to the Railroad Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account; if benefits would have been less, the OASDHI trust funds receive a payment.
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) comprises three agencies that provide services and benefits to veterans.
In that analysis FDA discusses the need for the rule, the benefits anticipated from the implementation of the rule, and a summary of the impacts of the final rule.
Second, it is argued that delivery is a natural monopoly and that legal protection is necessary to prevent "cream skimming" and thereby to maximize the benefit of the universal delivery system.
To verify that the agency selected an alternativebalancing expected benefits against costs, time, and risks of failure.
To provide a basis for pay, leave, and benefits, the records must include aggregate hours of regular time, other time (e.g.
Although monitoring, in itself, may encourage compliance with information security policies, the full benefits of monitoring are not achieved unless results are used to improve the security program.
The Government has designed this program to use the legal profession and the established Judiciary of the States and the Federal Government to accomplish its end of assisting welfare claimants in determination or receipt of their benefits.
The shops, restaurants, and street signs all have an English translation beside the Chinese characters for the benefit of tourists, but the banks, travel agencies, and law offices don’t always make the same concession.
--Employees of the Federal Government provide services to their employer in exchange for compensation, of which some is received currently in the form of money (the salary); some is received currently in the form of payments to a third party (the employer entity contribution to the medical insurance plan for current coverage of its employees); and some is deferred (pensions and other retirement benefits).
Surely these lives were of infinite value too, which means that, by the peculiar arithmetic of infinity, the costs as well as the benefits of air bags are beyond measure.
The sudden concern over losing benefits was triggered by the recent mailing by Anthem, the Indianapolis-based insurer, of about $2 billion in checks, plus shares of stock worth a bit more than that, to 1 million eligible policyholders in four states.
That benefit offsets the cost.
After identifying the benefits and challenges of focusing on diversity and developing strategies to maximize the benefits and overcome the challenges, participants identified internal and external issues that they wanted to spend more time discussing.
Many waiver requests submitted by states initially proposed an absolute termination of benefits after the time limit.
If you read Faludi the answer seems to be something like--fickle and inept commercial interests suddenly turned on to the financial benefits of treating employees like paper clips.
Statehood advocates desire the benefits of constitutional citizenship, the federal safety net, and the economic stability that will likely follow.
As a result, the omission of this broad class of benefits from our quantitative results likely causes our estimates to substantially understate the total benefits of the Clear Skies Act.
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) performed a cost and benefit analysis evaluating the economic impact of the final rule.
The NYT suggests that employer-provided insurance has exacerbated the problem: many businesses have cut benefits or raised premiums, and many new jobs come from small businesses, which are less likely to provide insurance.
Actual event at Monday night's Drama League benefit: Mary Tyler Moore, Diane Sawyer, Katie Couric, and Liz Smith dance in a number from Cabaret .
Exhibit 13 summarizes the mean monetized health and visibility benefits due to the Clear Skies Act.
The first omitted benefit is spillover and productivity gains beyond energy bill savings.
The Supreme Court struck down two-tiered welfare benefits.
My guess is that the marginal benefit of the CDA over the technological alternatives is small enough, and the burden that the law creates is large enough, that the CDA will be overturned.
Finally, whether the conceptual credibility of the intervention can produce behavioral change is largely dependent on its ability to translate to real world application and benefit in the context of the intended user's environment.
The poorest recipients could actually suffer from the windfall by losing their benefits under Medicaid, food-stamp and other programs.
The current efforts do not yet reflect a forward-looking strategic plan systematically analyzing assets, risks, costs, and benefits.
But the pressure to cut benefits or sharply raise payroll taxes would be enormous.
Some studies claimed that HER-2 / neu status was an independent predictive factor in the case of breast cancer, whereas other studies could not confirm this [ 6 14 16 19 29 30 ] . It is certainly of great interest to the clinician that only two out of five studies including more than 100 patients and with a follow-up period of at least 3 years attributed some prognostic value to HER-2 / neu amplification among patients with NNBC [ 6 7 16 19 28 ] . Almost all of the studies that dealt with HER-2 / neu status and DFS, as well as OS, showed no benefit of this oncogene in the prognosis of NNBC patients.
As with any reference book, its users must become familiar with its organization of information before being able to derive its benefits; still, this arrangement takes some getting used to.
The unquantified benefits for ozone and PM fall into two categories: (1) those for which the scientific literature does not provide an established Concentration-Response (C-R) function capable of estimating health effects with reasonable certainty and (2) those effects that may double-count benefits (e.g.
Harkin also acknowledges the political benefit from a trial: "I think the Republicans are reeling from this," he told the New York Times .

Veterans Benefits: Promising Claims-Processing Practices Need to be Evaluated (GAO/HEHS-00-65, Apr.
First, they should deliver maximum moral benefit at minimum practical cost.
While the analysis states that EPA is confident of the cost figures included in the analysis, an estimation of the benefits is more difficult because of EPA's inability to quantitatively evaluate all human and ecosystem benefits and to assign monetary values to these benefits for a comparison in a standard cost-benefit framework.
To provide further context about the magnitude of benefits, retrofitting one million existing homes today would have the same public health benefits as requiring 5.7 million new homes to meet IECC 2000 standards.
By far, the largest component of these monetized benefits is related to premature mortality from long-term exposure to particulate matter ($41 billion and $89 billion in 2010 and 2020, respectively), followed by chronic bronchitis ($1.
Miramar, a pleasant residential quarter with fine family homes, benefits from its position alongside the Isla Grande commuter airport.
Hints: Go for the big money, because no one will ever disrespect you for it; consider trading fringe benefits for vacation time; and beware of companies who hire you on a contract basis--contractors face tax disadvantages.
If A-2-Z demonstrates significant reductions in the incidence of adverse events during the first four months, it would suggest an incremental clinical benefit from initiating these agents early after an acute coronary syndrome.
This attitude was fueled in part by Bennett's leaks and sound bites about what a big-haired slut she was, and reversed by an influential article by Stuart Taylor Jr. in the American Lawyer . For the same reason that the National Organization for Women can no longer give Clinton the benefit of the doubt in his sexual-harassment case, the media are now in be-extra-fair-to-Paula mode.
There is a word for cashlike benefits you can get whether you work or not.
OTHER POSTEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (OPEB) - Forms of benefits provided to former or inactive employees, their beneficiaries, and covered dependents outside pension or ORB plans.
As an alternative, he suggests a "moderate" middle ground between the rentier capitalism's status quo of balanced budgets and wage and benefit cuts on the one hand and a "hard, reactionary politics that can shut down the system" on the other.
Some, such as loss of flexibility and adjustment costs on the cost side, and health benefits and spillovers on the benefit side, remain beyond the scope of this analysis.
Almost every person who walks into a free medical clinic, she said, faces some legal problem such as an eviction or the loss of Social Security benefits.
This may be a significant uncertainty in the analysis, but the current state of the scientific literature does not allow for a region-specific estimation of health benefits.
In office/hospital-based telemedicine, there is good evidence that telemedicine interventions provide comparable care in the ER settings and benefit in the surgical and neonatal ICU settings.
A second benefit is better planning of material storage and handling equipment.
The financing of these benefits may include contributions paid by the employer entity to the retirement fund.
Study feature Benefits expected
Although there are often no references before Glass published his fantasies, there are often references afterward . These are generally in British publications--or publications in places to which Britain brought the benefits of advanced civilization, such as hack journalism.
The commission seems to be giving some credence to the claimed benefits of the merger, while hedging its bets on the competition issue by shoring up Office Max and seeding healthy retail conflict in scores of communities.
These findings in the placebo group obscure any comparative rhIL-11 benefit.
"Now everything has to be linked to a stronger benefit."
At the same time, there are at least four categories of benefits.
At that time, Social Security revenue would only be sufficient to pay for roughly 73 percent of promised benefits.
In addition to the estimated benefits of reduced damages from releases of toxic substances, EPA's analysis also highlights what the agency believes to be additional qualitative benefits including those resulting from efficiency gains, increased technology transfer, indirect cost savings, increased goodwill, and increased public awareness.
An additional potential benefit of rapid brain death determination is the reduction in time for the development of significant end organ dysfunction, thereby increasing the number of organs procured per donor.
5 million and the total benefits would be $129.
Agricultural Benefits
Despite suggestion of benefit as measured by surrogate angiographic endpoints, there is no evidence of a consistent and sustained meaningful clinical benefit [ 7, 8].
According to the Department, this rule affects the determination of eligibility and benefit levels; it does not affect the current information collection requirements for making such determinations.
While GAO has evolved over the years, its current mission is straightforward: GAO exists to support the Congress in meeting its constitutional responsibilities and to help improve the performance and accountability of the federal government for the benefit of the American people.
Because it would reduce mandated benefits of various kinds in a reasonable way, it would go a long way not just toward fixing Social Security, but also toward bringing the federal budget into structural balance.
Here's all you have to do to begin receiving AUDUBON at once, your FREE CLOCK and enjoy all the other benefits of membership in the National Audubon Society.
Equally true is the fact that most of the events held in the resort towns are mainly for the benefit of tourists, and are of lesser quality.
The political benefits of pedophilia have not been lost on Washington's Republicans, who have ginned up not one but two child molestation controversies during the past few weeks.
Non-overlapping endpoints Although the benefits associated with each individual health endpoint may be analyzed separately, care must be exercised in selecting health endpoints to include in the overall benefits analysis because of the possibility of double counting of benefits.
The paper's main editorial Friday was not about the impeachment process but about a new revelation that Britain's D-Day commander and military hero, Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery, had referred 50 years ago to the African as "a complete savage" whose only hope would be a British colonial "master plan" to carve out giant West, Central, and East African federations and unlock their vast wealth for Britain's benefit.
But the benefits of the new technologies--ultimately, immortality and the rewriting of the recipe for human beings--are precisely what philosophers ought to ponder.
Shuman's breezy article largely omits the implications of the reliability, flexibility, and security provided by Java in order to emphasize the cost of these benefits in execution speed.
[ 8 9 10 11 12 ] If providers overestimate the absolute risk of CHD events prior to treatment, their estimates of the absolute benefit of therapy may also be inaccurate.
Some have argued that the budget may actually favor short-term consumption because the cost of both must be scored up-front as part of the Budget Enforcement Act process even though most of the benefits from investment programs accrue in the future.
Border Patrol agents were still using manual typewriters; inspectors at ports of entry were using a paper watchlist; the asylum and other benefits systems did not effectively deter fraudulent applicants.
While there are substantial uncertainties in many components of our health benefits model, our analysis demonstrates an approach for integrating environmental and public health benefits into energy efficiency policy analysis.
The actuarial present value of benefits allocated to all periods before a valuation year is called actuarial liability.
According to the Department, this action increases the number of potentially eligible food stamp recipients and increases the benefit level of certain households that are affected by these provisions.
The fundamental premise of drug discovery and development in acute stroke is that treatments that reduce lesion size are those most likely to lead to clinical benefit.
The major challenge to the model's prospective implementation is the uncertainty that a greater dose intensity would result in clinical benefit, such as survival.
3 Benefits paid by pension plans are not a component of NIPA personal income, although pension benefits represent an important means for many retirees to finance consumption (see Q1.
Employing the jobless and providing lasting benefits for the community as a whole 22.
The New York Times goes with word that President Clinton will propose expanding Medicaid and Medicare to allow those with disabilities to continue receiving benefits even if they work.
Pension benefits accounted for 19 percent of the elderly's cash income in 1998 and income from individuals' accumulated assets for another 20 percent.
While EPA anticipates there will also be vehicle maintenance benefits, sufficient data was not available to quantify the benefits.
Some excise taxes (considered to be benefit taxes) are levied on bases that are related to the use of publicly provided goods and services or the public provision of other benefits, such as the gasoline tax; certain other excise taxes are levied on bases related to a cause of some damage and are dedicated to pay down costs, such as the tax on domestically mined coal, which is dedicated to the black lung disability trust fund.
The clearest benefit of your birth is that it gave your parents a child to love; they certainly counted that one.
Some Common Benefits Expected From Case Study Evaluations
Taken together, these data suggest that benefits can be demonstrated for specific applications and domains.
I would like your take on workplace etiquette concerning paychecks and benefits.
An analysis of the costs and benefits of the rule was conducted by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and published in the notice of proposed rulemaking on August 11, 1995, and is contained in the preamble to the final rule.
Beyond that, the Democratic agenda should be to extend new benefits like universal health care and child care.
This choice was based on the findings of past studies, in which PM contributed the vast majority of benefits [ 16 17 ] . As might be anticipated, our procedure to model emissions differs for direct residential fuel combustion and electricity.
As in our past investigation [ 7 ] , we quantify mortality and selected morbidity benefits associated with incremental reductions in PM 2.5 exposures.
68For further discussion of the accounting standards for pensions and other retirement benefits for federal employees, see SFFAS No.
That act defines marriage for the purposes of federal law as the union of a man and a woman (thereby denying federal spousal benefits to same-sex partners) and permits states to deny recognition to same-sex marriages performed in other states.
[ 13 ] Although a recent single-center report found no benefit of ACE in dialysis patients with HIVAN [ 14 ] , it is not clear whether this represents national experience.
Our analysis also looked at several environmental endpoints, including the benefits associated with visibility improvements, ozone damage to agriculture, and changes in acidification in lakes and streams in the East.
Black tea has been shown to have a preventative effect against skin carcinogenesis in animal models [ 4 5 6 7 8 9 ] . Of particular interest are the accumulating data that reflect similar potential health benefits associated with both the epicatechins of green tea and the theaflavins of black tea [ 10 11 ] . Several mechanisms may be responsible for the anti-initiation and anti-promotion properties of black tea [ 5 10 11 12 13 14 15 ]
"I think there's a real danger that people will lose benefits because they won't understand how to handle this (money)," said Glenda Harrison, staff attorney with the Northern Kentucky Legal Aid Society in Covington.
E-mail deliveries, our weekly print-out edition, "The Fray," and "The Compost" (the Slate archive) will still be available to subscribers only, and we will be adding new subscriber benefits.
The benefits are not conclusive, with studies showing no change or a slight drop in HgbA1C levels.
Where Nixon would have doubled family welfare rolls, Clinton signed a bill that promised to deny benefits to most welfare recipients after five years.
Under current federal laws and regulations, the frequent traveler benefits1 received by a federal employee in conjunction with official travel are generally considered government property, and the employee may not retain the benefits for personal use.
The study, Scenarios for a Clean Energy Future (Interlaboratory Working Group, 2000), indicated that domestic investments in energyefficient and clean energy supply technologies could achieve substantial reductions in both sets of emissions at a small but net positive benefit for the economy.
But income-based insurance subsidies would allow even the poorest of the poor to share the benefits of lower premiums.)
Although only 12 percent of the U.S. population is black, African-Americans get almost a quarter of the Social Security benefits paid to surviving children.
low-income people and the intangible benefit that realizing the ideal of equal justice for all Americans.
It was also the first trial to identify a short-term (ie, within 16 weeks) clinical benefit from statin therapy; in previous secondary prevention trials, the benefit of statin therapy was not evident for one to two years.
It is far more likely that a monopoly for delivery alone would produce net benefits for consumers than would a monopoly that included processing and transportation as well as delivery.
Distinguishing between organizational policies and guidelines provided several benefits.
The owner of a polluting steel mill weighs all its benefits (that is, his profits) against only a portion of its costs (he counts his expenses, but not the neighbors' health).
Treasury for the unemployment trust fund in order to finance most of the benefits under the unemployment compensation system.
These retrofits would be early installations that sources initiate due to the economic benefits of banking SO2 allowances.
Nationwide reductions of the three emissions, SO2, NOx and mercury, in an integrated approach would result in key benefits including thousands of avoided premature deaths and aggravation of respiratory and cardiovascular illness due to fine particles, reduced hospitalization and emergency room visits due to fine particles and continued exposure to ground-level ozone.
These difficulties, combined with a departmental emphasis on adopting private-sector practices, have led DOD to prepare draft legislation that would abolish the current restriction and allow military and civilian employees governmentwide to retain for personal use frequent flyer benefits received on official travel.
812 Prospective Study of Costs and Benefits (1999): Advisory by the Health and Ecological Effects Subcommittee on Initial Assessments of Health and Ecological Effects: Part 2. October 1999.
Although the benefits from the adoption of this diet on all cause survival have long been recognized, little is known about its association with the development of acute coronary events, in people with the metabolic syndrome.
Benefits the representatives cited included the following:
In response, several said they offered higher salaries and special benefits to attract and keep expert staff.
Section 4 would make it clear that the legislation is applicable to any unused promotional benefits received by an employee or service member prior to the effective date of the legislation as well as to such benefits received on and after the effective date of the legislation.
Future secondary prevention studies should look at patients with stable or unstable disease and will need to address the comparative efficacy of different statins (or newer agents), assess the incremental benefit of combination therapy [ 30 ] and determine whether there is a serum cholesterol 'floor' below which reductions are unlikely to provide further clinical benefit.
ANNUALIZED NET COSTS AND BENEFITS OF THE FINAL RULE
, add two years if you're a happily married man, and subtract three if you don't exercise), while a sidebar explains the many benefits and few risks of estrogen therapy.
On the other hand, since nitrate particles contribute only 5% of benefits, changes in conclusions about nitrate toxicity would not influence our aggregate calculations in a substantial way.
Estimates of their use in the United States alone suggest that over five million CVCs are inserted annually [ 1 2 ] . Although CVCs have significant benefits in many clinical situations, the increase in their use over the last 20 years has been associated with at least a doubling of resultant nosocomial infections [ 3 4 ] . A number of factors may contribute to the risk of catheter related infections (CRI) [ 5 6 7 8 9 ] . Although a common problem, the descriptive epidemiology, pathophysiology, risk factors and best means of diagnosing CRI have not yet been fully elucidated.
In developing the Base Estimate of the benefits of premature mortality reductions, we have discounted over the lag period between exposure and premature mortality.
Retired workers collect Social Security benefits, and their nonsalaried spouses receive half.
The analysis explains the methodologies and the reasons behind their use in arriving at the cost and benefits of the rule.
Giving you the benefit of the doubt, however, and assuming that this problem is genuine, Prudie suggests, unless you signed everything over to the women, that you stop being a wimp and take control of your money, your time, and their frequent flyer miles.
An employer may deny coverage after the worker departs the country or stop paying workers compensation benefits that are owed.
The SCS brochure I am enclosing will give you the historic significance of SCS, as well as listing activities and specific benefits awarded to donors at the Georgia O'Keeffe level.
Finally, a requirement to include package inserts containing educational information in cigarette and smokeless tobacco was not chosen because the FDA was not certain the benefits would justify the compliance costs.
Taxpayers Benefit from $23 Billion in Financial Savings
In the former instance, the recommendation is for physicians to weigh potential benefit of drotrecogin alfa (activated) against a potentially increased risk associated with its use.
Our CMA demonstrated that by 1995 a high level of significance [OR = 0.52; 99%CI: 0.28 to 0.97; p = 0.0068]; [RR = 0.69; 99%CI: 0.53 to 0.90; p = 0.0003] about the benefit of EPO on reducing the use of blood transfusions had been achieved.
The benefit of the Homemaker IRA will go to those who already enjoy this marriage bonus ; those who bear the marriage penalty won't be affected.
On April 26, Seth's family learned that he is eligible for benefits.
In both states, gay couples sued, asserting that the ban on same-sex marriage deprived them of equal protection: They argued that it blocked their access to the same rights and obligations that heterosexual couples are granted through marriage, including health and pension benefits, inheritance rights, joint decision-making power, and shared parental and financial responsibilities.
Hence, this potential benefit is not reported at this time.
The benefits of the new rule include more wellinformed investors who may invest more of their resources and allocate their investments carefully, which in turn would tend to promote competition among the funds.
It shall address cost, feasibility, human health and ecological effects, and net benefits associated with emissions levels under this title.
[ 23 24 ] Protracted venous infusion (PVI) 5-FU regimens have also resulted in increased response rates in some studies, but only results in a modest benefit in median survival.
Quantifying the Benefits: Energy, Cost, and Employment Impacts of Advanced Industrial Technologies," 1997 ACEEE Summer Study Proceedings on Energy Efficiency in Industry, American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy, Washington, DC, 1997.
In clinical trial programs that depend solely on clinical endpoints as indices of benefit, drugs may be brought to phase III testing - costing several years and tens of millions of dollars - without the slightest evidence that the drug will have the therapeutic effect observed in the experimental model.
To the extent effects such as these represent categories of benefits that are truly valuable to the U.S. population, we have underestimated the total benefits of the Clear Skies Act.
In addition, another benefit includes permitting real estate advisers to pension plans to continue to register with the SEC, which will allow the advisers to comply with the requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA).

The feminist magazine relaunches with articles on subjects predictable (female candidates for president, abortion clinic violence) and less so (adultery, the benefits of eating soy).
Because splenocyte transfer alone had resulted in no significant reduction in tumor burden, this group was not tested for survival benefit, for logistical reasons.
As indicated in the previous section on quantification of premature mortality benefits, we assume for this analysis that some of the incidences of premature mortality related to PM exposures occur in a distributed fashion over the five years following exposure.
An exception: A top securities executive who was fired when he requested health benefits for his partner is now suing his old firm for $75 million.
Helms benefits from a more curious phenomenon: the vagary of the news cycle.
Programs are working on reducing administrative costs through collective purchase of insurance, supplies, research resources, fringe benefits, and the like.
Another benefit of the rule is the public oversight and accountability of the organ transplant system, which will preserve public trust and confidence.
HHS recognizes in its analysis the difficulty of quantifying the costs and the benefits of the rule.
The benefits of a team concept include ownership of customer problems, higher morale, and increased creativity/problem solving.
And while it was generally a nice surprise, it worried many aid-recipients who fear losing benefits - especially elderly residents in Medicaid nursing-home beds.
In order to provide some insight into the potential importance of the key elements underlying estimates of the benefits of reducing SOx and NOx emissions, we developed an Alternative Estimate using different choices of data, methods, and assumptions that are detailed in Section II (Analytical Approach).
Prior studies have shown variability in the use of therapeutic modalities (including PACs, ventilator, and intravenous vasoactive and inotropic agents) among ICU patients [ 21 27 ] and different impacts on outcomes and use of hospital resources associated with these treatments [ 16 17 18 28 29 ] . In general, with the exception of the recent trial demonstrating benefit of early goal-directed treatment involving oxygenation (including ventilatory support if necessary) and blood pressure (including intravenous pressors if necessary) [ 30 ] , few data are available that demonstrate that these modalities improve outcomes.
Despite this looming financial problem, pressure is mounting to update Medicare's outdated benefit design.
The benefits estimates here incorporate Chestnut's estimate that a one percent increase in income is associated with a 0.9 percent increase in WTP for a given change in visibility.
Impact on Base Benefits Description of Basis for Analysis Avoided Incidences Estimate Adjusted for Growth in Real Income (billion 1999$)
They play a shell game: Take this part of the Social Security tax and convert it into a mandatory savings contribution; take today's benefit and divide it into two parts; give everybody this new account and that minimum guarantee; take this shell and put it there and bring that shell over here, and--hey presto!
That would make Social Security look much like the current government employee retirement plan--and many private sector plans--in which a fixed benefit pension is supplemented by a savings plan in which worker contributions are matched by employer contributions up to certain limits.
The occurrence of glaucomatous damage in individuals without high IOP and the benefit of lowering IOP in some of these individuals further suggest multiple factors determine an individual's susceptibility to pressure-induced damage [ 6].
This concerned a federal investigation into whether Giuliani was "improperly denying benefits for some recipients."
The analysis in the final rule has been revised based on comments the FDA received and now also considers the costs and benefits associated with a rule issued by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) on January 19, 1996, governing a program of State-operated enforcement activities to restrict the sale or distribution of tobacco products to individuals under the age of 18.
But the Lojack research is in many ways more informative, because the authors were able to do a thorough job of distinguishing between benefits to the purchaser of a Lojack and benefits to the community at large.
Employer entity contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans for Federal employees.
The relationship between the tax paid and the value received is too indirect and disproportionate to relate the revenue that is received from any identifiable taxpayer to the cost that is incurred for providing that identifiable taxpayer with benefits.
Blacks benefit disproportionately from these aspects of the system.
Steve May was "outed" in his 1996 campaign for the Arizona State Senate, but the Army investigation began only after he spoke out against antigay cuts in health care benefits.
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) - Low-income children in Maine involved in divorce or parental rights cases are often denied the benefits of court advocates because their families cannot afford to pay the fees, according to a new report.
The Benefits and Costs of the Clean Air Act, 1970 to 1990.
He doubted that the benefits would compensate for the time lost.
Whether increasing the portion of a government benefit check that the government reclaims in taxes amounts to a payment reduction or a tax increase is another metaphysical question.
The clinical benefit for neuroprotective drugs is mediated through a reduction in cell death and brain tissue loss.
And before welfare reform, at least, an additional child usually meant an increase in a poor urban family's benefits.
These uncertainties can be reduced by careful consideration of the differences in the health risk or air pollution commodity and the study populations in the underlying economic literature versus the context of benefits conferred by the Clear Skies Act.
Individualized statements now sent annually by the Social Security Administration to most workers aged 25 and older provide important information for personal retirement planning, but knowing more about Social Security's financial status would help workers to understand how to view their personal benefit estimates.
The interim rules govern parity between medical/surgical benefits and mental health benefits in group health plans and health insurance coverage offered by issuers in connection with a group health plan.
This has allowed men’s clothing manufacturers to capture the benefits of their own highly efficient sewing rooms through long production runs.
Other common reforms reduce benefits if welfare mothers don't send their children to school, don't keep their children's immunizations up-to-date, and so forth.
The Clear Skies Act would provide significant benefits to public health and the environment, whether expressed as health and environmental improvements or as monetized benefits.
JIL drafted the manuscript and assisted in the development of the analytical model; YN developed the model to estimate health benefits from energy savings; and JDS conceived of the original study and participated in design and coordination.
Even as there are relatively fewer workers to pay taxes to finance Social Security and Medicare, these programs will have to provide benefits over longer periods of time as life expectancies rise.
[ 32 ] found a transient 24-hour survival benefit in a rat model of septic shock.
An informed consent document explaining the study and the risks and benefits of participation was given to each potential subject.
Nor should any current retirees fear for their benefits, especially at a time when the system is generating huge surpluses that ought to be reserved for the system's future needs.
It's hard to imagine that a cut in today's hardly confiscatory tax rates would do the same, especially when the major beneficiaries of both bills would be the wealthy, who have already reaped enormous benefits from the boom.
Bush simply ignored the challenge to his assumption that farms deserve benefits not accorded to other kinds of small businesses.
Regarding benefits, HHS discusses the use of the value of a statistical life as a quantifying benefit and the fact that, in the area of transplantation, the usefulness of such a measure is reduced because of the older average age of recipients and the substantial risk of either the graft or the patient not surviving.
People tend to forget that under the old rules, states got to set the key parameter--the benefit level.
Gore also gets the benefit of triangulation.
Therefore, for our benefits analysis, we assume there are no thresholds for modeling health effects.
The Government also promises other retirement benefits, notably health benefits.
More detailed information on the metabolic, cardiovascular and chronic kidney disease specific characteristics of HIVAN patients on dialysis, as well as the use and possible benefit of certain medications, especially ACE and antiretroviral drugs in this population, would supplement previous reports.
Such an effort carries with it the promise that clinical criteria would be used to deliver appropriate care to patients with cancer and would maximize the potential benefit from chemotherapy while possibly minimizing the burden on patients and their caregivers and families.
N3 LC-PUFA, particularly 20:5n3, are known to be of clinical benefit in treating psoriasis [ 71 ] .
Certainly, it seems unlikely that someone would have to refer to her as “Kylie Minogue, the singer,” except for the benefit of the same people who need the reinforcement afforded by “Margaret Thatcher, the prime minister,” “George Bush, the president,” or “Elizabeth II, the queen,” as if to distinguish them from the local roofer, the itinerant hedge-trimmer, or the ocean liner.
Recurring and quantifiable benefits on a monthly and/or quarterly basis over the system life from reductions in such items as salaries, fringe benefits, supplies, utilities, and space occupancy.
I found them bulky, and their primary benefit seemed to come from the heat retention qualities of the neoprene.
Like Rudy Giuliani cutting off homeless benefits.
After all, a policy advocate of whatever persuasion ought to be able to make a case for his position without relying on calculations that count the same benefits twice, or forgetting that foreign exchange must either be spent on imports or invested abroad, that it can't just disappear.
The benefits, however, may still be worth this downside.
Convincing conservatives of the benefits of federal preemption and liberals of the benefits of limiting causes of action, both stumbling blocks in the past, might be doable as 107th searches for common ground.
The H-2A worker's contract must include certain minimum benefits, wages, and working conditions that are mandated by federal law.
Anthem considered the potential effect of its payouts on public-aid benefits before making its distribution, said spokeswoman Lauren Green-Caldwell.
This is a methodological and comparative study to evaluate whether there is substantial benefit added by using a variety of techniques for geographic pattern detection at different spatial scales.
Benefits for each of the categories - minor health effects, severe and chronic health effects (which include chronic bronchitis and premature mortality), and visibility - were adjusted by multiplying the unadjusted benefits by the appropriate adjustment factor, listed in Exhibit 10 below.
Bells have just started going off in the head of any reader who remembers Econ 1. What I have just said is that the duties of a good citizen--such as becoming well informed before voting (and for that matter bothering to vote at all)--are subject to the dreaded free-rider problem . The free-rider problem arises whenever some valuable good or service is not "excludable"--that is, whenever the benefit cannot be restricted only to those who pay for it.
Nor do the results change significantly when nonwage benefits are factored in.
And be assured that you've made a good investment -- an investment that benefits all of us.
Premiums for SMI (Supplementary Medical Insurance), bank deposit insurance, pension benefit guarantees, crop insurance, life insurance, and other insurance.
Hawaiian legislators decided to give domestic-partnership benefits to gay couples instead of letting them marry.
Its San Francisco branches cash-at-par public benefits checks without requiring recipients to have bank accounts there.
Lindsay helped out at Georgia Legal Services by working on benefits cases, such as Social Security and Medicaid claims.
A gift to the 1997 Girl Scout Annual Campaign helps to ensure that girls will continue to receive the benefits that Girl Scouting offers.
When workers can't get benefits from their bosses, he said, they try to get them from Congress.
For purposes of this exercise, there are at least seven categories of costs and four benefits that might be reviewed.
Pundits agree that the benefits of intervention (pleasing passengers and saving jobs in politically important states) and the low political cost (angering 9,000 pilots who are mostly Republican and are isolated from the rest of organized labor) made this a no-brainer for Clinton.
Phytoestrogen research has grown rapidly in recent years due to its potential health benefits in preventing age-related and hormone-dependent cancers [ 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 ] . In contrast very little research has been conducted to identify phytoestrogen effects on cognitive behavior.
This benefit is useful not so much in intensive care units (where patients are continuously and adequately monitored) as in medical and surgical departments overall, where monitoring of arterial pressure is not continuous and nurse care is not as strict as in the intensive care unit.
Those benefits may be defined in terms of specified benefits, such as health care, tuition assistance, or legal services, which are provided to retirees as the need for those benefits arises, such as certain health care benefits.
The Government benefits from a single disaster protection program, as opposed to the previous ad hoc disaster programs, and reduced Federal outlays.

Finally, we adjust the benefit values for expected income growth through 2010 and 2020 and aggregate the benefits to the appropriate geographic level.
NET LEVEL PREMIUM RESERVE - The excess, if any, of the present value of future guaranteed death endowment benefits over the present value of future net premiums.
Each of the states described in this section provides insights and lessons that can be of benefit to others.
Only those who fail to find private sector jobs are then offered workfare jobs so they can earn their benefits.
Given Social Security's progressive benefit formula, however, the replacement rate varies by income.
