Jack Dustman Board Member and Former Chairman
James Campbell President of the Board Deputy Chief, Indianapolis Police Department
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level, we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation.
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level, we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation.
In our fund raising efforts to date, we have received the support of local government, foundations, and corporations as well as the personal financial commitments of individual MCCOY Board members.
As a former board member, the success of the YMCA is still important to me.
Past Board Member YMCA of Greater Indianapolis
Since everthing is to be found in Shakespeare, it is not surprising that on at least two occasions the Board has contributed his own Red Pants nuggets.
The monkey on board ship was a lad employed to fetch supplies—powder and so forth—to the guns.
Dr. Lovera is a board certified obstetrician and gynecologist, a Fellow of the American College of Obstetrics & Gynecology, and a certified menopause practitioner.
I hope that the board and upper management rot in jail and never see the light of day again - apart from when you are exercising in the open prison yard in your shackles
Dr Aronow has received honoraria as a speaker and advisory board member for Pfizer and as a speaker for Merck.
They show him as an Army lieutenant, at his swearing-in as a state senator, as ambassador to the United Nations, surrounded by children as New York City school board president, and at other jobs, leading up to his current position, state comptroller.
Carl McCall, Army lieutenant, state senator, ambassador to the United Nations, school board president, Citibank vice president, and one of the most effective comptrollers in New York history.
Responding to a wave of public dismay over the first designs for rebuilding Lower Manhattan, Gov. George Pataki has sent word that it's time to go back to the drawing board.
They are ruled by the cabildo, local governing boards formed of community leaders (Gow and Rappaport 2002: 51-52).
Hewlett was himself influenced by his Stanford Dean of Engineering William Terman, a mentor and an influential Hewlett Packard board member (Collins & Porras, 1995).
makers—the Treasury Department, the Federal Reserve Board, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York—who were best positioned to watch over our markets were ill prepared for the events of 2007 and 2008. Other agencies were also behind 
That, combined with the formation of the Nevada Gaming Control Board, would signal the beginning of the end for heavy mob influence in the city.
Fortunately, many prominent psychiatrists also believed that homosexuality was not an illness, and their lobbying, along with the innovative study performed by Hooker, who has been referred to as “the Rosa Parks of the gay movement” convinced the American Psychiatric Association Board of Trustees to vote to remove homosexuality from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual as a mental illness in December of 1973.
Is there a doctor on board?
This is a bricklayer's accident report, which was printed in the newsletter of the British equivalent of the Workers' Compensation Board.
For those with short attention spans, the Kursk was the submarine that blew up and sank in the Arctic Ocean killing all 118 on board.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
Friday to Sunday, the action moves to Napa, with both members-only and public events at COPIA: The American Center for Wine, Food and the Arts, of which she is an honorary board member.
One of its Peg-Board walls was dismantled and reinstalled at COPIA; the rest went to Washington, D.C., and the Behring Center of the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of American History.
I personally find it distasteful to even contemplate the horror facing all those on board.
FLYING DUTCHMAN: deck [Jones is on deck, having found the cloth that Will swapped for the key] [Bootstrap is held at knife point on board the Flying Dutchman] [one crewman holds a sawfish sword as a restraining weapon in front of Bootstrap] DAVY JONES: You will watch this.



The library board had conducted a national search for an architect, visited new libraries across the country, and solicited proposals from prominent architects.
I told my audience that I thought that the Salt Lake City library board would have a more difficult choice than their nineteenth-century New York counterparts.
The library board awarded the commission to Moshe Safdie, and a year later the plans for the new building were unveiled.
Baseboards can be prominent or discreet, a complicated assembly of board, cap and base, or a simple strip of hardwood.
The conspicuous exterior dado, the baseboards, and the chair-rails in the Vanna Venturi House were hardly Classical moldings—they were merely boards with chamfered edges—yet they challenged the assumption that trim and Modernism were incompatible.
iPhone now fit for the enterprise says Forrester - http://bit.ly/ec1Nd RT @ARDELLd: How to turn a whole room into a gigantic "white board" for better brainstorming.http://tinyurl.com/bqghyt > I want!
Colleen returned to Goldey-Beacom College to serve as the Chairman of the Board of Directors for Theta Phi Alpha and currently serves as the President of the Delaware Alumnae Association for the organization.
So what sort of matrix board do you have to create to know that a NC-17 comedy horror Zombie video game will work, but a PG-13 young adult time-travelling Vampire TV show won't?
The most typical of these are harbor cruises, usually including dinner and dancing on board an air-conditioned floating nightclub.
Cheoc Van and Hac Sa (“Black Sands”) are both popular resort areas, with lifeguards on duty in summer and windsurfing boards for rent.
However, Tony Lama said it would promptly submit the offer to a special committee of the company's board.
He also rejected reports that his departure stemmed from disappointment the general manager's post hadn't also led to a board directorship at the London-based news organization.
Mr. Reupke was one of three executives on Reuters's eight-person executive committee who didn't also serve on the company's board of directors.
"If I were choosing the people of tomorrow, I would have chosen the people who are now on the board," he said.
The senior of the three executives who will assume Mr. Reupke's duties is Nigel Judah, 58, finance director and a Reuters board director.
Building and retaining a diverse staff and board is a major challenge for most programs.
McMillan ordered the Charlotte board to draw up a plan to take steps--not necessarily busing--to do so.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
When the Iranian hostage crisis developed, this procedure went by the board: National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski took charge of crisis management.
The Sunbeam board's eagerness to get rid of Chainsaw Al is a marked contrast to the story I've been working; namely, the United Auto Workers strikes against General Motors in Flint, Mich.
A participant added that earlier mandatory internal control reporting probably would have surfaced problems with ineffective boards of directors and audit committees.
cc: Mr. Donald J. Winn Assistant to the Board Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
Following Institutional Review Board approval, we conducted structured discussions with first and second year internal medicine residents over a one-month period at EDP rounds.
I am pleased to transmit the comments of the Legal Services Corporation ("LSC" or "Corporation") Board of Directors ("Board") regarding the Semiannual Report of LSC's Office of Inspector General ("OIG") for the six-month period of October 1, 2000 through March 31, 2001.
This study was approved by the Children's Hospital institutional review board, and informed consent was obtained from all adult participating subjects and from parents or legal guardians of participating minors.
Currently, he serves on the boards of the University of Pennsylvania, the Prudential Insurance Company of America, the Puerto Rican Legal Defense & Education Fund, and the American Arbitration Association.
The metro edition of the Times leads with the unanimous decision by the New York City Board of Education to require elementary school kids to wear uniforms.
The paper reports that the congressional investigation is trying to determine if the board was missing because the Chinese "took" it.
By law, the Board is bipartisan: no more than six members can be of the same political party.
The magnetic memory board consisted of a sheet with rows showing the subject's age (0-20 years), the corresponding year, and memorable historic events that occurred during each year.
"They do more business than any bulletin boards onPathfinder says Riley, "including the sex boards, which gives me pause."
Many low-budget guest houses have bulletin boards where trekkers leave messages for friends or advertise for trekking companions.
The Texas governor can't grant clemency to a death-row prisoner, although he can grant a 30-day reprieve until a state board reviews the prisoner's plea.
 and marched in Selma, expected the civil-rights revolution to remake society.
This resource is intended to assist programs with diversity initiatives and guide grantee board and management discussions on the importance of diversity in providing high-quality and appropriate services to clients.
 , Va., in which the court ruled school boards had an "affirmative duty" to ensure "racial discrimination would be eliminated root and branch."
• Board Training Module on Leadership and Diversity
But in the past year and a half, Guess has seen its stock price cut in half, had the only outside member of its board of directors quit after being on the job for a few weeks, and watched its chief financial officer resign for "personal" reasons.
As chairman and CEO, this one individual has a huge impact on the direction of the company, the role of the board, and the composition of the board.
SEEN ON A BULLETIN BOARD at Columbia University (honest!):
The National Board of Visitors cordially invites you to become a Charter Associate of The Center on Philanthropy
Institutional investors may have concerns different from those of individual investors regarding expectations for corporate governance and the role of the board of directors.
No more than six members of the bipartisan board can be from any one political party.
In such cases, if the reporting of such additional data would be useful and relevant to readers, and would provide a better indication of the resources and obligations of the entity, the Board encourages such reporting.
As another step in its retreat into state-sponsored superstition, the board has also forbidden all references to the Big Bang.
He is so frozen inside that he remains completely detached from the occasional woman on board who attracts him:
At the same time or shortly thereafter, Atta-the only terrorist on board trained to fly a jet-would have moved to the cockpit from his business-class seat, possibly accompanied by Omari.
Additionally, all private plane accidents, whether they involve a fatality or not, require a costly National Transportation Safety Board investigation.
The X certificate gave the Board new latitude.
However, a donation of $25 or more entitles you to official membership in the Alumni Association with the privileges thereof, including: 1) The right to vote in the upcoming Alumni Association Board Member elections (currently two members of the Class of' 84, Maureen Althert and Brian Elson serve on the Board); 2) An official Alumni Association decal and membership card; 3) A discount on Alumni Association apparel; and, 4) Eligibility for the Charity Raffle, $500 to be given to the charity of your choice.
The boards of both organizations eschewed impact litigation in favor of the 1960s model of providing direct client services.
If you're being paid well to be captain, it's a lot better to let the ship slowly sink, even if scuttling it is what's best for everyone on board.
While the state boards of accountancy have the ability to impose much stiffer sanctions, including revoking a CPA's license to practice in a state, these boards have not exercised this sanction very frequently.
But the last time it got him in serous trouble was back in August, when he told the editorial board of the San Francisco Chronicle that despite his 17-year pro-life voting record, he didn't really support banning abortion.
After initially lying, insisting it had received no complaints, the board shifted to the more reliable techniques of equivocating and trivializing its critics, insisting that there was no problem, and if there was it was small, and temporary, and that those who complained were just a bunch of complainers whose purpose is just to make some complaints.
The problem is that boards like AskMe.com don't do a good job of matching lawyers who are licensed in a particular jurisdiction (or, in the case of LawGuy1975, licensed at all) with clients in the same area.
The library board had conducted a national search for an architect, visited new libraries across the country, and solicited proposals from prominent architects.
When you join the Center as a Charter Associate with a gift of $50 or more, you are entitled to many privileges, including a beautiful Charter Associate Certificate you'll be proud to hang in your office and a copy of our National Board of Visitors' prestigious publication Annual Report on the State of Philanthropy.
Lists of typographical errors, collected from hospital records, are often posted on bulletin boards and are occasionally published.
Nevertheless, the Board reiterates its position that entities should be provided maximum flexibility when applying the stewardship standards.
School systems are increasingly interested in reducing negative school behaviors, however, they have had difficulty identifying programs that are effective and easy to implement on a broad scale [ 14 ] . Given the urgent need and the readiness of school boards to address these needs, the testing and implementation of promising intervention programs is of great urgency.
RAILROAD RETIREMENT BOARD ...
Institutional Review Board approval for research involving human subjects was sought and achieved for this study and all participants signed informed consent forms.
The kids are very hip hop (they like rap music) and spend most of their time on their skate (-board).
As a member of the Law Alumni Board (Board of Visitors) you are quite well acquainted with the programs, progress and problems of the law school.
According to the Pentagon, more minorities and women have been appointed to promotion boards and explicitly instructed to act as advocates for the minority and women candidates who appear before them.
Boards need to have adequate resources, including having access to their own independent attorneys and advisors when they believe it is appropriate.
The Bermuda Tourist Board produces Bermuda — What to Do, a comprehensive brochure with contact information and prices on a range of sporting activities.
Uncommon Good has a 22-member board of doctors, lawyers and representatives of Christian groups and is recruiting mentors.
Other participants commented that there is no shortage of qualified people to serve on boards of directors.
But he added that LSNY is "committed to the need of the clients and to local input"--which is why LSNY is maintaining the local boards.
While it is essential that a new model not be driven totally by the supply side (accountants, regulators, corporate management, and boards of directors), there cannot be a disconnect between the supply and demand sides.
There are also windsurfing (boardsailing) schools, and you can find boards to hire and conditions to suit everyone.
Buoyed by these hopes, election boards across the country have begun to take tentative steps toward wired elections (many private organizations--most notably universities and unions--already conduct internal elections online).
A hotshot English theater director (his Cabaret revival is still on the boards in New York), Mendes gives the film a patina of New Age lyricism and layer upon layer of visual irony.
Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat- www.tbssct.gc.ca
And now, it's the Republicans who are scrambling to get on board.
(Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, March 9, 2001).
Other members included Supreme Court Chief Justice Daniel Wathen, Supreme Court Justice (and former LSC Board Member) Howard Dana, the Presidents of the State Bar Association and the State Bar Foundation, a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and a representative each from the University of Maine School of Law and the Boards of Pine Tree Legal Assistance and Legal Services for the Elderly.
Further, CIOs participate on executive committees and boards that provide forums for promoting and building consensus for IT strategies and solutions.
Program Boards
Board, 1994.
Virtually any sort of speech in the public areas of cyberspace is available to minors, so the law really applies to all such areas, including Web sites, Internet newsgroups, e-mail discussion lists, chat rooms, and bulletin boards.
The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is Jean Gleason Stromberg, Director, Financial Institutions and Markets Issues.
USAT heralds the formation today of the Learning First Alliance of teachers, principals, parents, school boards, experts and community leaders, which is dedicated to improving public school education.
By law, the board is bipartisan and no more than six members may be of the same political party.
But proponents are wrongly using the data to justify mandatory application across the board.
Its raison d'être is to publish board games by unknown designers or on "niche" subjects (they have a board game depicting the struggle between Peru's government and the Sendero Luminoso).
+ Official Amigo certificate + Photograph of the Kubwa & her baby girl + Fact sheet about the elephants + Recognition on the Animal Amigo Board in the Waters Building + Newsletter & releases about the baby + Elephant quiz
I told my audience that I thought that the Salt Lake City library board would have a more difficult choice than their nineteenth-century New York counterparts.
The Board was created by the state Supreme Court in 1994, and charged with expanding resources for civil legal services and coordinating their delivery.
And I both serve on the Board of the Corporation on National Service and have been a critic of government involvement with non-profits for longer than I care to remember.
28 At the manufacturer’s level, collective bargaining sought to standardize direct wage and benefit costs for product lines (such as women’s coats, suits, dresses, and intimate apparel) through various joint boards.
The LSC Board will give due consideration to any and all recommendations embodied in the Task Force's final report.
Specifically, although most public companies are required to have a board that is comprised of a majority of "independent directors" and certain key committees are required to be comprised solely of outside directors, a closer look reveals that the independence of many boards may be more a matter of form than substance.
The National Transportation Safety Board also reported that one of the thrust reversers had been deactivated on the EgyptAir jet, a normal procedure that made their uncontrolled ignition less likely.
Judges routinely criticize FACA as ambiguous and overreaching . The law even fails to define "government employee" and does not specify what constitutes "membership" on an advisory board.
It is incumbent upon boards to establish processes that are appropriate and effective to restore investor confidence rather than relying on a checklist approach to corporate governance.
However, a donation of $25 or more entitles you to official membership in the Alumni Association with the privileges thereof, including: 1) The right to vote in the upcoming Alumni Association Board Member elections (currently two members of the Class of' 84, Maureen Althert and Brian Elson serve on the Board); 2) An official Alumni Association decal and membership card; 3) A discount on Alumni Association apparel; and, 4) Eligibility for the Charity Raffle, $500 to be given to the charity of your choice.
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level, we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation.
This volume, Volume 1--Federal Financial Accounting Concepts and Standards-Original Statements, is a compilation of the documents produced by the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board and adopted by the principals: the Secretary of the Treasury, the Director of OMB, and the Comptroller General of the United States.
Therefore, the Board has proposed that a new category, RSSI, be designated to cover stewardship reporting.
Dr Mahoney previously served as a former member and Chair of the Tar Wars Advisory Board, American Academy of Family Physicians He continues as a Program Advisor for Tar Wars.
Between the vision of the Tourist Board and the trueParadise lies the desert where Isaiah's elationsforce a rose from the sand.
Under modern governance theory, the board works for the shareholders and the CEO works for the board.
Participants also noted that unfortunately, as a result of the recent major financial reporting issues leading to restatements and, in some cases, bankruptcy, board members have focused on the rules and may be concerned more about their personal reputation and financial liability rather than focusing on protecting shareholders' interests and adding shareholder value.
In the interim, the Board believes it crucial to relay to Congress LSC's current standards governing state planning, service area configuration, and review processes.
9The 2001 Annual Report of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance and Disability Insurance Trust Funds (March 2001), The 2001 Annual Report of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund (March 2001), and The 2001 Annual Report of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust (March 2001).
Congress has passed the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation which included establishment of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB), tougher independence standards for auditors of public companies, and independent funding sources for the PCAOB and the FASB; the SEC has taken a number of regulatory and enforcement actions and made initial appointments to the PCAOB; various U.S.
11The 2001 Annual Report of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund (March 2001) and The 2001 Annual Report of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund (March 2001).
As the funding agency, LSNY subcontracted with the local boards to provide legal services, and was left with only the "drastic remedy" of defunding a local program if problems in management or delivery of services were uncovered, he said.
She was equally misinformed but not as malicious as the current critics of the Oakland School Board.)
As the sky-high pay for today's CEOs compared with their counterparts of twenty years ago demonstrates, the insular nature of boards of directors means that purely economic considerations do not always prevail.
The study was approved by the Institutional Review Board and written informed consents were obtained at the entry of the study from each participant.
The performance of this work was approved by the Institutional Review Boards of Brookwood Medical Center and the University of Alabama at Birmingham, and the Ethical Principles for Medical Research involving Human Subjects promulgated by the World Medical Association Declaration of Helsinki were followed.
Nevertheless, I think the Governors should be quite happy with a billion dollar contingency since, after all, at the board meeting---at least some of the Governors apparently did not even know there was a contingency provision.
Participants also believed that there is a need for better transparency of board activities to help restore investor confidence, such as reporting on the board's progress against best practices of leading companies2 noted for the effectiveness of their boards.
.and the Black male, what we can do, is be the support unit for them, we could be a shoulder for them in a way where we could take them to their appointments if we have time, or we could be a sounding board for [them] if they have problems.
My vitae lists the advisory committees and editorial boards I've participated in since 1976.
The lowlights include testimony that there were no binoculars on the ship and that J. Bruce Ismay, the president of the Titanic 's parent company, was on board and, despite the inadequate number of lifeboats and the woman-and-children-first policy, managed to get himself into one of them.
Most agencies in Texas are run by commissions or boards whose members outlast the governor who appointed them.
In addition to fine teaching and impressive scholarship, the faculty make important professional contributions through service on boards and commissions, participating in continuing legal education programs, and bar association activities.
Thurston, a member of the editorial board that oversees the publication of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual, or DSM, said the group was debating whether to expand a previous category of addiction in order to cover the new condition.
And everyone from Microsoft to Intel to Sun Microsystems has jumped on board.
But when he examined the Swann case he realized that Charlotte's school board was plainly in violation of the law and that it wasn't going to desegregate unless forced by the courts.
Board member qualifications are more than a matter of education and experience, they are also a matter of personal attributes of which integrity is number one.
1. The CV on which Gates says no one could possibly suppose he was trying to imply he is currently on those boards: We accept that he was not trying to imply this, but you wouldn't be insane to infer it--especially given that some boards do list a leaving date.
The LAT lead and the Journal say that the Conference Board's study of 5,000 households divined a consumer confidence level at its lowest ebb in two years and also a big decline in Americans' expectations for the future.
"The decision by the Kansas Board of Education to define pi as 3.0.
§ 801(a)(1)(B)(i)-(iv) OF A MAJOR RULE ISSUED BY THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM ENTITLED "SECURITIES CREDIT TRANSACTIONS; REVIEW OF REGULATION T, 'CREDIT BY BROKERS AND DEALERS'" (RIN 7100-AB28)
Participants stressed that having the "right people" on the board was just as important if not more so than having the right rules.
The rewiring recommendation from the National Transportation Safety Board, accompanied by the further suggestion that surge suppressors be put on wires going into fuel tanks, shows, says the NYT , how far investigators have come in their understanding of the TWA crash.
"It's an opportunity to do the kind of work I'm doing now - which is advocating for victims of domestic violence - in my own backyard," Levesh, who served for a time on HAWC's board, said. "
Make your own posting on the same bulletin board refuting the erroneous message.
The Intelligence Oversight Board of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board has, in the past, had the job of overseeing certain activities of the intelligence community.
Yes, board members have a fiduciary responsibility to the shareholders that they represent.
To some extent, deficiencies in the functioning of boards may have been masked by the effect of a flourishing market and may not have been readily apparent until market downturns began to occur.
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer Pfizer Inc
"The Federal Reserve Board likes the roller coaster allusion.
Alas, all clarity has gone by the board since Americans arbitrarily decided to use billion for a `thousand million.
On their year abroad in the United States, Harry and his pals fall afoul of the local Christian Coalition-dominated school board in a small Kansas town where they've come in search of Dumbledore's old teacher, the Wonderful Wizard of Oz, and Minerva MacGonagall goes head to head with Pat Robertson on Nightline .
After approval by the Institutional Review Board of the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, medical records of all patients admitted to the medical intensive care unit of the University Hospital between 1990-1995 were reviewed.
Another Fan Page has a set of good links about the affair and a message board, too, though on last visit, it was no longer available.
The Legal Aid Society of Salt Lake, the Disability Law Center, the Multi-Cultural Legal Center, the Senior Lawyer Volunteer Project and Utah Legal Services will share the new facility, and last Wednesday their board members were given a tour of the Community Legal Center hosted by staff members of the five agencies.
As the record shows, it is not uncommon for H-2A workers to contact legal services for the first time as they board the bus on the way home, and an interpretation that LSC representation is available only while the alien is physically present creates the prospect that Congress authorized legal services attorneys to represent such H-2A workers only during the bus ride to the border.
Informed consent was obtained from all participants prior to the interview, and the study has received institutional review board approval at both the CDC and local levels.
As an independent regulatory agency, rules promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System are not subject to review under the executive order.
A federally-appointed board will bring corruption charges against Carey, and he may be banned from the Teamsters for life.
I didn't serve on 29 journal boards and 82 advisory committees over the course of one year, as Slate suggests, but over the course of some 22 years.
Other participants noted, however, that having salaried board members could be problematic because shareholders would have to be able to hire and fire the directors that would cause great instability and salaried board members may also lack an "independent spirit."
He also pointed out that LSNY has agreed to bylaw changes that circumscribe its otherwise unlimited powers over the selection and replacement of local board members.
However, I believe that additional actions by the board and AICPA management will be needed to restore trust and confidence in the Institute over the longer-term.
But the city board eventually compromised, renaming just the few blocks of Markham Street around the library after the president--a plan the mayor said he came to embrace after asking himself, "What would Jesus do?"
All patients gave signed informed consent and were treated on clinical protocols approved by the Cleveland Clinic Foundation's Institutional Review Board.
Institutional investors insist upon sacking nonperforming bosses, and board members fear that lackluster leadership will damage their own reputations.
But the USPS operating plan presented to and approved by the Board in mid-November shows a deficit of almost $500 million even if the Commission had rubber-stamped the original Service request.
Akin to dozy is the term wany (or waney ), used to describe a board as cut at the sawmill, imperfect because it ran into bark of the log from which it was cut.
Having a qualified and independent board is important but not enough.
All on board, as well as many civilian and military personnel in the building, were killed.
Board members have differing views on whether social insurance programs result in exchange or nonexchange transactions.
If the board is not following best practices, it should report why it is not following these practices.
Last year, board members on the former Legal Aid of Central Texas and Bexar County Legal Aid resisted the merger, saying that the mergers were done illegally and without the input of board members.
Anyway, only a few months ago many people--including Argentine economists--were claiming that the contrast between Argentine success and Brazilian crisis meant that Brazil must emulate Argentina's currency board; you can't take that position and then claim that the role reversal that has taken place since doesn't teach a contrary lesson.
The physical characteristics of the subjects are shown in Table 1. The study was conducted with the approval of the Institutional Review Board at the University of Georgia.
Examples of activities include work on a Federal Executive Board project, participation in Veterans Integrated Service Network meetings, and relations with the media, congressional offices, and service organizations.
Dying, as living, the Chairman of the Board is right where he's always liked to be: at the center of attention.
As a former board member, the success of the YMCA is still important to me.
Greenberg said it had already raised $7 million, mostly from law firms on its board and individual benefactors.
For example, from the shareholders' point of view, many believe that board structures have not been working properly to both protect shareholders' interests and grow share value.
, Pleasantville turns into a "leaden political parable" about intolerance (Joe Morgenstern, the Wall Street Journal ). (This fan site has a Pleasantville message board.)
Board on Geographic Names ignored the name and called it Mt.
The study was approved by the Institutional Review Board of the hospital, which waived the need for informed consent.
. found not a man on board her [a ship] (and her laying so near them was a main temptation to them to come on).”
More in annoyance than in sorrow, it seems, both the Enquirer and the Star are predicting the Chairman of the Board won't preside over his 82 nd birthday Dec. 12.
Perhaps now, boards of directors will toughen up: If you get fired, they'll tell their top executives, you get two weeks' pay, or whatever else it is that we give to ordinary workers who get fired.
Access to Justice Board.
cc: Mr. Donald J. Winn Assistant to the Board Board of Governors Federal Reserve System
Interchange between the Railroad Retirement Board and the Social Security and Hospital Insurance trust funds.
When he looks back a year from now, Rubin said he hopes the foundation has new programs, a higher profile and a rejuvenated board.
One, in a tie and vest, motions toward a display board.
Because many questions required the recall of adolescent factors, the interview used three memory tools developed during the pilot phase of this study: a visualization exercise, a magnetic memory board, and photographs of girls at various stages of development in a variety of social settings.
All samples were obtained after informed consent, as approved by the UT Southwestern Institutional Review Board.
They demanded that the plane be flown from Africa to Australia, purportedly "to make history," and refused to believe that there wasn't enough fuel on board to get there.
In that respect, some participants stated that boards are often made up of consensus builders and, in that case, a dominant member of the board could effectively control the board's agenda.
v LSC is headed by an 11-member board of directors, appointed by the President, and confirmed by the Senate.
Washington's state planning has been led by the Access to Justice Board.
Strategic Directions 2000-2005, adopted by the LSC Board of Directors January 28, 2000, establishes two strategic goals:
The protocol was considered exempt by the UNC Institutional Review Board.
Unfortunately one of Herb's all-time great pieces of parody, written for the Wall Street Journal , on whose Board of Contributors he sat for more than two decades, is not available on the Web.
Participants expressed the belief that having the right people on the board is just as important if not more so as having the right rules under which the board operates.
Opinion Leaders were used to establish a communications channel into the existing regional physician social network, and in acknowledgement of the mediating effects of Opinion Leaders on the diffusion and acceptance of new ideas and products, such as the future practice tool [ 23 ] . Opinion Leader sampling was used to obtain the sought significant conceptual variation that stems from the Opinion Leaders' vast experience and influence [ 24 25 ] . To enhance the likelihood of variation among the identified Opinion Leaders, the Advisory Board members and DFM were directed to provide names of Opinion Leaders physicians from a range of practice locations (i.e.
The director, Ron Howard, and his screenwriters and actors have spent much of their lives in the business, and I'd trust them to depict the anxieties of TV executives and the madness of network board meetings.
As chairman and CEO, this one individual has a huge impact on the direction of the company, the role of the board, and the composition of the board.
This latest installment of the "Penguin Lives" series is well received, even though it trails Richard Ellman's definitive 900-page Joyce tome, which was deemed "probably this century's best biography of a writer" (David Kippen, the San Francisco Chronicle ). Undaunted, novelist O'Brien attempts something entirely different: She gives 179 pages of "hardheaded hagiography in which she spends a lot of time knocking Joyce around" (Robert Sullivan, the New York Times Book Review ). It's notable not for its wide net, but for its precision, economy, and insight: "a first-rate appraisal of a master … a model of pristine brevity" (Robert Taylor, the Boston Globe ). One complaint: The book contains an "impressive number of inaccuracies of a factual nature," such as misidentifying the poet laureate of Victorian Ireland and misquoting critic Walter Pater (Thomas Flannagan, the Los Angeles Times ). (This Joyce site has essays, links, and message boards on the author.)
. Sadly, he was forced to retire from the board of directors of Times Mirror Co. last year when he turned 70.
This study received full human subjects approval for each year during the study period from four institutional review boards: the University of California, Berkeley; the California Department of Health Services; the CDC; and Public Health Foundation Enterprises, Inc.
"High expectations" are common at Cathedral, and we prepare for the year 2000 with very high expectations for our students, our faculty, our administrators, our board of directors and all of those who express their allegiance to the school.
This will better allow the board to raise difficult questions and probe issues to provide input on strategy, assess and manage risk, and hold management accountable for its actions.
The Legal Services Corp., on whose board Hillary sat, was a hotbed of Marxists and folk singers.
The Times editorial board shouldn't bother expounding on the News That's Unfit To Print.
AAP: Maxine Kumin and Carolyn Kizer resign from board in protest.
The dissidents, lead by the former head of the coalition's "client advisory board," urged the other homeless men to stop working and allegedly issued threats of physical violence.
He lacked only a sandwich board proclaiming, "The End is Near."
As discussed earlier, EPA's Science Advisory Board, while acknowledging the uncertainties in estimation of a PM-mortality relationship, has repeatedly recommended the use of a study that
An AP story inside the WP reports that the Caldor department store chain has apologized for unwittingly publishing 11 million copies of an advertising circular in which two smiling boys are depicted playing Scrabble around a game board where the pieces clearly spell out the word "RAPE."
In February 2001, the Indiana Justice Center, with support from the Indiana Bar Foundation and the Indiana Pro Bono Commission, sponsored the Second Annual Access to Justice Conference, a statewide meeting of judges, bar leaders, law school representatives, legal services and legal aid staff and board members, clients, court personnel, and others to continue the process of statewide Access to Justice planning.
This appendix provides a discussion of the more significant comments that the Board received from respondents to the exposure draft, Supplementary Stewardship Reporting, dated August 1995 and from testimony at a public hearing on the exposure draft that was held December 5, 1995.

The British Standards Institution received the literature prize for its six-page exposition on the proper way to make a cup of tea, while the Kansas Board of Education and Colorado State Board of Education shared the science-education prize for "mandating that children should not believe in Darwin's theory of evolution any more than they should believe in Newton's theory of gravitation ...
Board members also must have the time needed to address their various roles and responsibilities.
While describing the request as a worthy cause, board members agreed Tuesday that funding divorces or custody disputes was outside their focus -- providing direct services for crime victims.
The Plan provides for a minimum of nine offices and a 51-member board that is appointed in proportion to poverty population from the 14 judicial districts throughout the state.
Alt.politics.election is the most fertile of these bulletin boards, but other heated campaign confabs can be found at alt.politics.republicans, alt.politics.liberal, alt.politics, alt.politics.usa, alt.politics.media, us.politics, alt.current-events.clinton.whitewater, and others.
The new system does raise the accountability level," said LSNY board member Michael W. Martin.
He is also a member of the Journal 's editorial board and a cowriter of Bob Dole's famous Senate resignation speech.
While filming a scene on board a boat for his next movie, The Beach , in Thailand, it seems that the weather turned treacherous.
Although the corporate governance community in the United States may not currently be receptive to requiring the separation of the CEO and the chairman of the board, such a practice does exist in the United Kingdom, where apparently there is more receptivity.
Information on best practices of boards would be useful to help improve board operations, for example in areas of improving communications with management and using external advisors.
These mechanisms and structures include forums, councils, and boards for discussion and exchange on business and technology issues.
The Board notes too the magnitude and complexity of these programs and the extreme sensitivity of projections relating to the programs to assumptions whose range of possibilities is large.
Importantly, once additional needed corporate governance reforms are made to enhance the independence and capacity of the board, the opportunity to implement the needed realignment will be greatly enhanced.
And, in case you weren't aware of it, in the Web culture people who enter bulletin boards and chat rooms but don't join in the conversation are known as "lurkers."
In early September it will be my privilege to personally contact any members of the Board of Visitors or Alumni Board who through misadventure, oversight, procrastination or the pendency of personal bankruptcy proceedings have not made some pledge or contribution, however large or small, to our school.
It's worth getting him back on board, though, because no one can utter a line like "I have an odd craving for the blood of a live kolar beast" with Dorn's mixture of virility and befuddlement.
"Winning a Pulitzer Prize for a graphic novel is easy when you've written the only graphic novel Seymour Topping [head of the Pulitzer board] probably ever opened," not to mention that because it was a special citation (and not in the cartooning category), he had no direct competition.
The board of the New River Valley Legal Aid Society voted to join the Southwest Virginia group.
One year later, the three federally-funded legal services programs requested that the ATJ Board appoint a committee to oversee the planning process outlined in LSC's 1995 Program Letter.
Yousef was captured in Pakistan following the discovery by police in the Philippines in January 1995 of the Manila air plot, which envisioned placing bombs on board a dozen trans-Pacific airliners and setting them off simultaneously.
What should public company boards be doing?
The Russians and American on board frantically hacked at wires and sealed off the leak, just averting death.
Many boards of directors are reassessing their roles and responsibilities and currently it is difficult to determine what is working and what is not working.
Here is a profound change from the time, not so long ago, when the Lord Chamberlain, the British Board of Film Censors, and the American Production Code ensured that the language of entertainment was far more purified than that spoken by most of its audiences.
When the Board developed the standards for stewardship reporting, its intention was to provide overall guidance on definitions, recognition, measurement, and minimum and recommended reporting.
The study was stopped early by the Data and Safety Monitoring Board due to the finding of a significant reduction in the number of strokes (90% reduction, p < .001) in the transfusion arm (11 strokes in the observation arm vs. one in the transfusion arm) [ 11 ] . Thus, the STOP study established that transfusion was an effective means of primary stroke prevention in children with sickle cell disease at risk for stroke as determined by TCD.
Written and informed consent was obtained in accordance with the University of Chicago's Institutional Review Board.
Specifically, although most public companies are required to have a board that is comprised of a majority of "independent directors" and certain key committees are required to be comprised solely of outside directors, a closer look reveals that the independence of many boards may be more a matter of form than substance.
The United States Board on Geographic Names was established by an executive order of President Benjamin Harrison in September 1890, and has been active ever since, publishing its decisions and issuing official gazetteers.
Her informal committee, called the Citizens Advisory Group, finagled an end-run around the school board and persuaded McMillan to put it in charge of the busing plan.
Among the alleged violations: "insufficient training" of review board members, "potential financial conflicts of interest with some board members," and inadequate supervision of informed-consent procedures.
Two hundred and nine Caucasian children and adolescents 4 months to 17 years old at the time of cancer diagnosis were eligible for this prospective Institutional Review Board approved single-center study performed at the Department of Pediatrics, Masaryk University in Brno, Czech Republic.
Banked STOP DNA samples were anonymized according to a plan approved by the Institutional Review Boards of the Medical College of Georgia and the New England Research Institute.
These ratings are forwarded to the CEO and to the board of directors, where they can be used as performance measures.
In a cross-sectional study approved by the institutional review boards of all participating institutions, women with different ethnic backgrounds were recruited at five mammography facilities on the island of Oahu.
Instead of being driven by a bunch of tenured radicals, the dumbing down of Chicago's curriculum is being pushed by the university's Board of Trustees and its president, Hugo Sonnenschein, an economist who casts the need to change as a simple issue of competition.
An inside NYT piece reports that seven men, including a member of the board of the principal U.S.
With the formula programmed into only their calculators, they could have ruled the emerging Chicago Board of Options Exchange, taking the money of the hapless traders who were still pricing based on history, rules of thumb, or their guts (a potentially substantial source of wisdom here in Chicago).
' When French explorers came upon the name, they knew enough Sioux to know the name meant `board,' so they used a translated version of the Indian name and called it la Riviére Platte . English speakers adopted the French name and talked about the Platte River . They named one of the towns on its banks North Platte . But when the state applied for admission to the Union in 1867, it was under the original Indian name which they spelled Nebraska .
1, was based on the work of Bernstein [ 2 ] (biopsy size and site), with some modifications approved by the Institutional Review Board.
Ski Association board Sunday rejected Mike Brown's appeal of his exclusion from the U.S.
Participants believed that it is important to continue working toward more effective boards of directors and discussed the importance of clearly defining and, in some cases, redefining, the roles and responsibilities of the board of directors of public companies as a significant measure to help restore investor confidence in the market.
Pursuant to section 801(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, entitled "Bank Holding Companies and Change in Bank Control (Regulation Y)" (Docket Nos.
Gifts designated for a specific area of research are matched on a one-to-one basis by a special fund established by our Board of Directors.

Again, there are exceptions, especially in small towns, but I think it's pretty rare to see community board meetings overflowing with local journalists out to better their neighborhoods.
The conspicuous exterior dado, the baseboards, and the chair-rails in the Vanna Venturi House were hardly Classical moldings—they were merely boards with chamfered edges—yet they challenged the assumption that trim and Modernism were incompatible.
In order to fulfill its responsibility of effectively overseeing management, the board must have a thorough understanding of the company, its business model and related risks, corporate culture, and the various interests the board represents.
Adopted by the Board of Directors on January 28, 2000, the Plan commits LSC to dramatically enhance the impact of legal services programs throughout the nation by improving access to legal services while enhancing their quality.
The Coalition, created by the ATJ Board and underwritten by the Legal Foundation of Washington and Legal Aid for Washington Fund, has spearheaded a five-year-long campaign to solidify broad, bipartisan support for funding for civil legal assistance
This is not intended to imply that the Board will choose to address each of these topics or that these are the only topics that could be addressed.
The Inspector General is appointed by, reports to and serves under the general supervision of LSC's Board of Directors.
"What you've got is poor people with acute legal needs not being able to have those needs met," said Ernie Lewis, head of the state public-defender system and a board member of APPALRED. "
But if the additional $10,000 is not approved by the Board of Aldermen in January our Board of Trustees will be forced to cut services.
Third, the recent ruling of the United States Parole Board forbidding paroled federal prisoners to use the Internet must be extended to forbid books, magazines, and newspapers as well.
As it happens, though, Smitherman's words have nothing to do with the Oakland school board's action.
Nate Bowles, president and chairman of Legal Aid's board, said the agency plans to continue taking on "the cases that evidence the most desperate need."
You've never seen a white board used in real technical development, have you?
In developing and improving the methods for estimating and valuing the potential reductions in mortality risk over the years, EPA has consulted with a panel of the Science Advisory Board.
Jack Dustman Board Member and Former Chairman
They also praise the film's "flair," "wit," and willingness to make fun of itself (Leonard Klady, Daily Variety ). (Visit "Chucky's Toybox," an unofficial fan site that has film clips, pictures, news, and a message board all about Chucky.)
Joe Tanner, President Caterina Blitzer Board of Directors Executive Director
This site provides links to other federal financial management related sites such as the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board, Joint Financial Management Improvement Program, CFO Council, and federal finance offices.
Financial panic struck Russia last week, the Moscow Times reports, after financier George Soros called, in a letter to London's Financial Times , for Russia to set up a currency board and proposed a 15 percent to 20 percent ruble devaluation.
The board is elected by shareholders and is responsible for protecting investors' interests, such as the company's profitability and stability.
Although there was concern about diversity, there was neither real dedication to making it happen nor any real accountability with one exception -- the importance of hiring African American attorneys and having African American representation on boards in regions where African American populations resided.
[ 8 9 10 ] Prescription drugs dispensed are identified by National Drug Code (NDC), American Hospital Formulary Service (AHFS) therapeutic category, brand name, and chemical name [ 11 ] . The inpatient transactions contain each service the provider listed on the claims for reimbursement, such as surgeries, radiologic tests, laboratory tests, room and board charges, or other specific cost items.
Members of the Advisory Board and DFM applied their knowledge of the regional physician community and assisted in the identification of 19 Opinion Leaders among WNY Family Practice, Internal Medicine, and General Practice primary care physicians (PCP) to be invited to participate in a semi-directed audio-taped focus group discussion.
In addition, nominating committees need to ensure that they identify the right mix of talent to do the job and make it clear to candidates what is expected of them as a board member rather than merely approving candidates identified by management.
Program staff research, (explained below in Collecting Diversity Data), indicates that many program boards and managers need to reemphasize diversity in staff recruitment, promotion, and strategies to reach overlooked client groups.
But in reality the Federal Reserve Board actively manages interest rates, pushing them down when it thinks employment is too low and raising them when it thinks the economy is overheating.
The tumor biopsies were ascertained from patients evaluated at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center (MSKCC) as described previously [ 11 ] after appropriate institutional review board approval.
In developing the standards for stewardship reporting, the Board concentrated on providing guidance in the principal areas of stewardship resources that have materiality for the majority of Federal entities and for the consolidated financial reporting for the Nation.
Donovan Olson, chairman of the county Board of Supervisors, said the board quit funding the legal service in July because it felt the county didn't need it.
Ready, Willing & Able, which runs private homeless shelters, requires participants to submit to frequent drug tests, abide by a range of rules inside the shelter, and make modest payments toward their own room and board.
As I noted earlier, the board and the auditors should have a strategic alignment of interests.
The state Board of Regents, of which Davis is a member, could take up the idea next month.
Australia Reference Tote Board
The board overseeing the state Office of Crime Victim Reparations [CVR] has voted to deny a stopgap funding request from the two organizations.
The Los Angeles Times leads with what it claims is alarm among "education advocates" (as opposed to the rest of us?) about continuing SAT disparities between whites and nonwhites in the latest board score data, released Tuesday.
The NYT leads with the Board of Education's decision not to renew New York City's schools chancellor's contract, citing his increasingly erratic behavior and unwillingness to address recent allegations of widespread attendance fraud.
Topping the "board" list is The Education of Henry Adams , by Henry Adams.
However, we understand from the preamble to the proposed rule and the Board's letter to our Office that the Board intended this statement to constitute a certification under section 605(b) that the rule would not have any significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.
More importantly, we thank the LSC Board of Directors for giving us the opportunity to improve a legal services delivery system that is so valuable to our clients, so essential to a democratic way of life, and so very important to all of us.
Lynch has since learned that the sure cure for wanting to spend more time with your family is spending more time with your family: He's just thrown his hat in the ring for the Delray Beach School Board.
The Board, however, recognizes that significant practical problems may arise if an agency is compelled to adopt a specified costing approach for reporting stewardship assets, and that such cost approach would not be used for computing the net cost of operations.
In 1974, the board compromised with the committee on an arrangement that won McMillan's approval, and a year later he withdrew the court from supervision of Charlotte's desegregation plans, trusting the citizens to do it fairly.
However, the Board, recognizing the magnitude and complexity of these programs, the strength of the views on the accounting and reporting issues, the significant attention being focused on these programs at the present time, and the potential for change to the programs, has again
In 1989, the Piscataway, New Jersey school board, faced with having to lay off one of them, chose to retain the black because she was the only black faculty member in her department.
I believe that Bush has a shallow kind of a defense in being technically dependent on the recommendations of the parole board for granting clemency, but he could at least pipe up, as long as he's being so goddamned compassionate a conservative.
Representing the Task Force were Hulett H. Askew and Maria Luisa Mercado of the LSC Board; James Head of the National Legal Aid & Defender Association; Melville
Our institutional review board approved the study and all participants signed an informed consent and the procedures of the study were in compliance with the Helsinki Declaration.
Even Bill Clinton might have trouble executing this double-reverse flip-flop fib off the high board.
They positioned him as a member of the senior decision-making board, reporting to the Vice-Chairman of the company.
If they want to win a decent contract in Detroit, what they need is a squad of 50 people who will target the boards of directors of Gannett and Knight-Ridder.
This study was conducted among the participants of the Nurses' Health Study, a prospective cohort of 121,700 women who have completed biennial questionnaires on medical events and lifestyle factors since the initiation of the study in 1976, when the women were 30-55 years of age [ 11 ] . The study has been approved by the institutional review board at the Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston.
The controller responded: "United 93, understand you have a bomb on board.
Despite A-list star power (Nick Nolte, Sean Penn, John Travolta, George Clooney) and spectacular cinematography, even positive critics concede the film is "too dark and cluttered and mysterious to ever achieve the popular acceptance of Spielberg's movie" (Dave Kehr, the Daily News ). The biggest complaints are about the film's lack of plot and dialogue (almost all the speaking in the film is voice-over), which borders on becoming "precious, self-conscious and even self-indulgent" (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ). (This unofficial site has photographs from the film and message boards; or you can read about the practical joking on the set here.)
The Federal Reserve Board says the Year 2000 problem will probably cost U.S. businesses at least $50 billion.
--The Railroad Retirement Board pays benefits equivalent to the amounts that would have been paid if railroad workers had been covered under Social Security since its inception, plus additional amounts unique to that program.
In a friendly takeover, the management teams of the acquiring and target companies negotiate the terms of the deal--covering issues such as how shares in the new company will be divided--and then both companies' boards of directors and shareholders approve it.
Both also have had privileged political careers, floating into the Senate on celebrity or lineage, and both seem better suited to being selected by boards of admiring elders than to the grungy business of running for office.
From 1983 to 1985, she was a civil committee board member of National Legal Aid and Defender Association.
In that respect, the operations of the boards should reflect a culture that embraces these responsibilities.
John Walter Jones, chief executive of the Welsh Language Board, says that widened horizons may also be to blame: The world has widened and some of the things that used to be local have been lost in that widening process.
Three coaches hung up their clipboards, one software CEO stored his last file, and a village board member cast her last vote because they allegedly wanted more time with their loved ones.
USA Today leads with the news that juvenile violent crime has dropped more than 9 percent in the past year, the Los Angeles Times with the word that the U.S. is likely to OK nuclear power deals between U.S. firms and China, and the Washington Post with the news that President Clinton is about to propose civilian review boards to oversee the IRS.
Meanwhile, in California, the state's Public Employment Relations Board has ruled in favor of allowing union elections at the seven University of California campuses by the end of the semester.
Indeed, in February 1998, Pennsylvania sent a representative to the LSC Board meeting to object to LSC's state planning initiative; and, later that month, a Pennsylvania delegation traveled to Washington to reiterate those views.
Prior to launching these programs, we are requesting each of our alumni leaders and friends on the two boards to review their support of the school for 1991 and, if no pledge or contribution has been made, to consider joining their colleagues in the Maennerchor Society.
Pursuant to section 605(b) of the Act, the Board certified in the preamble to both the proposed rulemaking (60 Fed.
Under Dorsey Co who grew up in segregated Baltimore, was the first black graduate of Loyola College and the first black attorney to serve on the state Board of Law Examiners Co the Bureau expanded into a statewide law firm that reached out to the rural as well as urban poor.
(He was more interested in becoming a major Washington dude, writing speeches for LBJ, running COMSAT for Kennedy, and joining the board of the RAND Corp.)
Graves was talking about the Kansas Board of Education, and its decision to excise evolution from the state's science curriculum.
Source Selection Evaluation Board (SSEB).
At first, school board officials refused to implement desegregation plans and then submitted plans that failed to address the problem.
For example, the Sioux Indians (they spoke Omaha) called a river in the central part of the United States Niboapka . Thomas Gasque, editor of Names points out that this word comes from ni `water' and bthaska `flat (like a board), spreading out.
In my capacity as Vice-President for Programs, I am pleased and proud to provide to the LSC Board of Directors this third progress report documenting the work of the Programs staff at LSC - OPP, OIM and its consultants, and the staff of the Vice President for Programs (and her consultants)-- in addressing the challenges placed before us in January 2000 by the LSC Board of Directors.
Monsieur Gendron wrote back saying that he had requested a subvention (grant) in the annex (appendix) to his planification (policy) budget to the confessional (denominational) school board in order that formation modalities (training methods) could be created to make teachers more dynamic animators (group leaders).
AAP: More people of color on board of chancellors.
Because the CEO cannot make major moves without the board's assent, and his or her job security depends on their satisfaction, the chairman of the board is technically his or her superior.
She has experience with people with a variety of disabilities and has lots of valuable information to share with wives under stress or having problems; she's a good sounding board from the heart."
He bought a suit for the first meeting with the other board of directors, but by the second meeting, he wore the clothes all El Pasoans recognize him in: his jeans, leather jacket and bandanna.
The protocol for the present study was reviewed by the Institutional Review Board of the State University of New York at Buffalo and by all of the participating hospitals.
The Board first considered accounting and reporting for social insurance programs while considering SFFAS No.
"Our board's philosophy was that the money given by the federal government was to help people with basic everyday needs," Saddick said. "
He later served on American Sensors' board, but insists there was no quid pro quo.
The GOP wants an across the board tax cut, but Clinton proposes smaller targeted tax breaks (e.g.
there, click Laws of the Game and Decisions of the International Football Associations Board . That will take you
The toll was at least 200 dead, but the accounts of the precise number of survivors vary, as do reports of how many American citizens were on board.
The monkey on board ship was a lad employed to fetch supplies—powder and so forth—to the guns.
First, you had an informed buyer of talent, the compensation committee of Disney's board.
§ 78g, which directs the Board to prescribe regulations with respect to the amount of credit that may be extended by a broker-dealer on any non-exempted security.
Understanding how CIOs of leading organizations approach their work, and acknowledging those aspects of the federal CIO environment that limit the ability to implement similar strategies, may prompt congressional and executive board discussions about the need for future legislation and policy changes.
In September 1999, the boards of all four programs passed a resolution approving the concept of merger.
We did it with the help of the Board and the other staff at LSC.
identifying challenges to improving public confidence in U.S. corporate governance and accountability systems to assist regulators, the accounting profession, and boards of directors and management of public companies to effectively implement the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other related regulatory actions and
The rangy, big-shouldered computer prevailed in the most famous man vs. machine chess match in history--3 1/2 points to 2 1/2 points--capped by a 19-move butt kicking that inspired one grandmaster to observe, "Kasparov got wiped off the board."
In discussing the role and responsibilities of boards of directors, participants stated that it starts with having the right people on the board who are independent, knowledgeable, and ethical and whose integrity is unquestionable.
The acquirer promises to replace the board of directors that rejected the merger with one that would approve it.
In a "Style" section piece about how conservatives have taken to turning on each other, Post media reporter Howard Kurtz reveals that "when the Wall Street Journal declared a few weeks ago that Newt Gingrich was in danger of becoming 'inconsequential,' the House speaker sent every member of the editorial board a letter saying he was disappointed in them."
A meeting in late 1999 between Dudovitz and the San Gabriel-Pomona Valley program's board showed how little the two programs had in common and how difficult bridging the gap between their ideologies would be, Dudovitz recalled.
Participants also discussed the importance of providing reasonable transparency of key information, with regard to both financial information of the company and board operations.
Following Institutional Review Board approval, 28 elementary schools were recruited to participate in the study.
In addition to focusing on what accountants, regulators, and corporate management and boards of directors (the "supply side") should do, boards need to focus more on what investors and other users of financial information (the "demand side") want from corporate governance.
Although CVR board members considered giving the money as a loan, not a grant, their vote on the funding request -- taken after Milne and Ralphs left the meeting -- was unanimous.
It reads, in part: "We board in groups of thirty,/ According to your card;/ One thru thirty boards first,/ It's really not that hard."
Bush has him executed, and all of America and the Lockheed board of directors can sleep peacefully!
Participants stated that the existing system for identifying board members might not always be attracting the "right people."
This study was approved by the Institutional Review Board of the Ponce School of Medicine, Ponce, PR.
guidance received from a CIO advisory board of private industry representatives, convened by the governor to facilitate learning from business organizations.
Yippee: another occasion for bashing the ratings board.
William Pascrell Jr., D-NJ, wrote to LSC; the Passaic County Board of Chosen freeholders passed a resolution against it; and local mayors, the state and local bar associations and various community groups clients have written letters on behalf of Passaic Legal Aid.
But, explains the paper, the board has an advisory role only, and implementation must be carried out by the FAA, which often rebuffs the NTSB.
At least some FAA officials in Boston Center and the New England Region knew that a hijacker on board American 11 had said "we have some planes."
The resort towns offer excellent opportunities for relaxation and sports on longer stays, but for short visits you’ll get a better idea of the lake aboard a boat cruise (3–4 hours, with a meal on board, from Stresa, Baveno, or Pallanza) than by road.
A selection of formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded (FFPE) cervical lesions was collected from the Department of Pathology archives, observing Institution Review Board guidelines.
The Gas Board turned round and said I had to pay for their cock-up.
 , what has happened to school desegregation?
Even some Clinton fans have a bad taste in their mouths about the way the Little Rock board of directors arranged to pay for the 28-acre site.
MK reporter Alexander Khinstein speculated that, if Yeltsin dies under the knife, the group of Kremlin insiders known as "the family," of which Berezovsky is the reputed leader, "may not even make it on board the presidential airplane" to escape the mobs demanding their blood.
Current study was approved by the Institutional Review Board at University of California, San Diego (IRB).
The Journal waits until the 31st paragraph to mention that Pfizer's chairman sits on the board of the paper's parent company, Dow Jones.
These procedures do not create new rights or obligations for LSC or LSC recipients and may be modified by the LSC President as warranted, with appropriate notice to the Board and field programs.
The flow of former members of Congress, ex-White House brass, presidential consultants, and former political contenders to the boards (and, less often, to the staffs) of politically oriented Web startups is so great that one would think they were giving something away.
Newsweek interviews John Hope Franklin, chairman of the presidential advisory board on race.
All patients gave informed consent prior to their participation in the study, which had been prior approved by the Institutional Review Board.
Consisting of representatives of the Board of Governors of the Florida State Bar and The Florida Bar Foundation, the statewide Standing Committee on Pro Bono Legal Services, the Project Directors Association, Florida Legal Services, the judiciary, and clients, this group guides the planning process, seeks input from stakeholders, establishes a timeline and gives final approval of the state plan.
Dr Aronow has received honoraria as a speaker and advisory board member for Pfizer and as a speaker for Merck.
Among the alleged violations: "insufficient training" of review board members, "potential financial conflicts of interest with some board members," and inadequate supervision of informed-consent procedures.
Washington Week in Review reported that Hillary Rodham challenged the legality of recess appointments in 1982 when she sued the Reagan administration for using one to replace her on the board of Legal Services Corp.
As I consider the talented, loyal and resourceful leaders on these Boards, I assume few, if any, calls will be necessary.
Africana is making a statement about what the editors and the advisory board feel is important.
A board composed of technical, contract, information
According to a Board official, the Board's section 605(b) certifications were not provided separately to the Small Business Administration (SBA) Chief Counsel for Advocacy.
(Adapted from Financial Accounting Standards Board, Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts No.
And then the board might have had to entice him by offering a huge--and very likely much more costly--front-end bonus.
Most large hotels have boards for rent.
And the California state medical board has suspended the license of a black doctor who had been touted for years as one of affirmative action's success stories.
It was also suggested that boards should effectively use the "gatekeepers" (auditors and audit committees) for help in the board's oversight of financial management and reporting activities of the company.
The transformation will leave the program, which was formed in 1967 along the model of decentralized school boards under local community control, with a far more centralized structure.
The House bill contained…a Postal Rate Board as an independent agency not part of the Postal Service.
Milne said she may ask the board overseeing her organization to give her until November to seek funding from additional sources.
In that respect, some participants stated that boards are often made up of consensus builders and, in that case, a dominant member of the board could effectively control the board's agenda.
Aside from Weaver, there's another wild card--Winona Ryder as an enigmatic character named Annalee Call, who comes on board the station with a team of smugglers and an agenda of her own.
10The 2001 Annual Report of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance and Disability Insurance Trust Funds (March 2001).
The histological grade was assigned according to the modified Bloom-Richardson grading scheme [ 17 ] . Tissue samples were obtained and processed under approval of the UCSD Institutional Review Board for studying existing tissues (#011246X).
Recruitment and retention efforts often reflect the importance of a diverse workplace and the commitment of board and staff to this value.
1. The CV on which Gates says no one could possibly suppose he was trying to imply he is currently on those boards: We accept that he was not trying to imply this, but you wouldn't be insane to infer it--especially given that some boards do list a leaving date.
Over the course of a long series of meetings and discussions, representatives of the boards and staff of the four programs reached the conclusion that if all clients in Indiana were to have access to high quality legal services, significant changes needed to be made in the configuration of programs within the state.
The lieutenant governor presides over the Senate, appoints the Senate's committees and committee chairs, controls the flow of bills to the floor, and co-chairs the powerful Legislative Budget Board.
Remedies: The Federal Reserve Board must drastically cut interest rates, the International Monetary Fund must continue to aid foreign countries, and Japan must reform its banking system.
Examples of other payments of a similar nature (and also classified as other financing sources) are the payment by the General Fund to the social security trust funds for military service credits and for certain uninsured persons at least 72 years old; and the payment by the General Fund to the Railroad Retirement Board for the vested dual benefit payments received by certain retirees under both the railroad retirement and the social security systems.
For example, management is responsible for the operations of the company and members of the board in their oversight function should have the ability to challenge the CEO in managing the company.
After internal review board approval at the University of Utah and the Army Surgeons Human Subjects Research Review Board, 25 anesthesiologists and 6 recovery room nurses served as consenting volunteer clinicians to compare the clinical utility of the LSTAT with conventional monitoring systems, using a patient simulator.
The key to understanding the sequence of events was that the safety board laboratory was able to correlate the exact timing on the cockpit voice recorder and the flight data recorder.
A week after the election, union reps filed charges with the National Labor Relations Board against the company.
Darkness descends: Worn out by his labors on Wall Street, the Federal Reserve Board, the Washington Post , and the World Bank, King Eugene dies.
The study was approved by the Children's Hospital institutional review board, and all study participants signed informed consent forms.
It doesn't make the front of the NYT , and the WP relegates it to a reefer on the safety board chairman's statement that media leaks have "clouded" investigations into the disaster
As it is, the main lawsuit on the table in Los Angeles is being brought by the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund (MALDEF), which is trying to get the Los Angeles school board to enter into a semi-collusive "consent decree" that will effectively undermine English immersion.
“Ten thousand Albany Board, to least, will be wanted.”
Members of Alabama's state pardon board threw out the conviction of former Gov.
AICPA American Institute of Certified Public Accountants APB Accounting Principles Board ARB Accounting Research Bulletin COSO Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission FAS Financial Accounting Standard FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FASAB Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board FIN FASB Interpertation Form & Content OMB Bulletin 97-01, issued October 16, 1996 GAO General Accounting Office NAA National Association of Accountants OMB Office of Management and Budget SEC Securities and Exchange Commission SFFAC Statement of Federal Financial Accounting Concepts SFFAS Statement of Federal Financial Accounting Standards SOP Statement of Position
He and Broker later began the Mediation Center in Savannah, with both serving on the nonprofit's first board.
Here the scale of warring shapes and prints is attuned to the female shape underneath, so the result is a modern garment, not a modern sandwich board.
They noted that many boards are reassessing their roles and responsibilities and, at this time, it is difficult to determine what is working and what is not working.
The truth is that everything--from the way investment banks are compensated to the rubber-stamp role of boards of directors to the dominance of publicity-hungry CEOs--is set up to make mergers attractive.
In the Willey case, appointment to a federal board and a trip to a conference in Indonesia raise the question of whether the president misused government resources.
Board of Directors
It is dangerous to mess around with Ouija boards ...
By threatening to blackmail Jones, the president's lawyer managed to make his client look guilty as hell, enrage the feminists who had refrained from criticizing Clinton until then, and incite editorial boards around the country, while doing nothing to bring Jones' lawyers back to the settlement table.
Congress, led by Newt Gingrich, had cut federal funding for such services across the board.
Participants expressed concern that disincentives such as legal liabilities, including financial and reputation risks, may limit a board's ability to attract the right people to serve over time.
After internal review board approval at the University of Utah and the Army Surgeons Human Subjects Research Review Board, 25 anesthesiologists and 6 recovery room nurses served as consenting volunteer clinicians to compare the clinical utility of the LSTAT with conventional monitoring systems, using a patient simulator.
Demographic information collected on respondents included clinician age, gender, race/ethnicity, professional groups, board certification, specialty, practice structure, work schedule, involvement with supervision of trainees, and the zip code location of their clinical practice.
This discussion was co-facilitated by Colleen Cotter (Indiana Legal Services) and Robert Gross (LSC) and focused on the challenges of creating a service delivery model that is client-centered through client leadership in the state planning process and through client involvement on boards of directors.
While this makes it sound as if Yeltsin is on board with NATO, a separate NYT story inside reports that in a Moscow meeting, Russia's defense minister bluntly dressed down the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs over the timing of the air exercises.
Some participants believed that separation of the CEO and chairman of the board positions recognizes the differences in their roles and eliminates conflicts in functions.
Hilliker, a long-time member of the board for the Legal Assistance Foundation of Metropolitan Chicago, has taken over as president of the organization.
"Could it be that the Brooklyn," Rich asks, "a struggling museum in an outer borough, is easier to bully than a Manhattan cultural mecca with a heavy-hitting board bulging with Giuliani fat cats?"
A U.N. secretary-general is a CEO, someone who needs to be independent enough to take the initiative but tractable enough to heed his board members (that is, the member states).
The Erlenborn Commission was authorized by a resolution of the Corporation's Board of Directors on November 16, 1998, to study the presence requirement in the Corporation's statutory restriction on the representation of eligible aliens.
Boards have a responsibility to ensure the reasonableness of overall executive compensation.
Lou Barnes first met Lindsay when he served on the board of Parent and Child Development Services, where she was the human resources manager.
Man, that Bill Leuders is really hopping mad about the zoning board today!
We need a Candidate Quality Control Board.
In January 2000, the LSC Board of Directors adopted a strategic planning document entitled Strategic Directions 2000-2005.
While preserving the neighborhood groups' own boards of directors, the proposed plan makes them accountable to one central LSNY board for decisions like staffing and budgets.
For about $50,000, the blind can have a circuit board inserted in their brains that will stimulate the visual cortex and produce grainy black-and-white images out of optical data captured through a tiny camera.
The walls of his wife’s bedroom are wooden boards, whitewashed and decorated with a painted frieze of ribboned garlands; the ceiling, likewise wood, is painted green with red trim.
Interlocking boards are also fairly common.
The retablo paintings were painted on either hide or wooden boards, sometimes also on tin, but usually pine wood smoothed over on one side.
The strategic directions adopted by the Board will achieve LSC's vision3 by accomplishing two major strategic goals: (1) By 2004, LSC will dramatically increase the provision of legal services to eligible persons; (2) By 2004, LSC will ensure that eligible clients are receiving appropriate and high quality legal assistance.
3The Survey of Consumer Finances is a triennial survey of U.S. families sponsored by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve with the cooperation of the Department of the Treasury.
The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has many of these items on its agenda.
One state we visited established an information services board to develop statewide policy standards and to monitor projects as part of its portfolio management process.
Respondents to the Board's question on whether the alternatives of presenting costs of Federal mission PP&E in terms of either total (historical) or latest acquisition cost generally believed that both options should not be allowed.
Notwithstanding the comments of one of the Postal Governors at the November Board meeting about not being able to recover increased fuel costs and the need for flexibility to permit them to level a fuel surcharge, the USPS was able to factor into the update the increased costs of fueling its delivery fleet.
The Auchincloss family dwelling, Hammersmith Farm at Newport, R.I., originated on the drawing boards of architect R.H. Robertson, and landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted.
Cuts in administrative and educational expenses at private schools and increased state funding of public schools account for most of the gains, says the College Board, which conducted the survey.
The board has a responsibility to enhance shareholder value, assess and monitor risk, and ensure management accountability.
I am not on any corporate boards; do not get paid to defend capitalism; and have not, to my knowledge, ever received money from the Chinese government (although I was a bit surprised by the generosity of those Buddhist monks).
President Bush is expected to name new board members soon, and Barr said he would like to have an effect on those appointments.
Participants also discussed the appropriateness of the chief executive officer (CEO) serving as chairman of the board of directors, which could present potential conflicts resulting from a single individual functioning in these dual roles.
In 1788 the Scarsdale Town Board passed a law providing, “that if any Hogs trespass not being Ringed or Snouted and yoked that it shall be lawful to drive them to Pound.”
As a member of the Law Alumni Board (Board of Visitors) you are quite well acquainted with the programs, progress and problems of the law school.
The NYT's SAT piece hardly mentions the ethnic angle at all, dwelling much more on differences between boys' and girls' scores, and (in the online version at least), sits under a refreshingly calm headline: "College Board Scores Vary Little From Previous Year's."
Because state planning was identified as the Board's prime strategy for fulfilling the mandate of Strategic Directions 2000-2005, a brief review of LSC's state planning initiative is probably in order.
5. Board of directors damned to hell for all eternity.
Please accept the invitation of our National Board of Visitors and join today.
Following his speech the president boards Air Force One to return home, and for five minutes, in a scene so idyllic it borders on the bizarre, he's able to let down his guard and relax in the bosom of his family.
Adult human donor eye tissue was obtained postmortem from Upstate New York Transplant Services (Buffalo, NY) with approval from the Health Sciences Institutional Review Board.
A series of short information boards brings to life different aspects of this intriguing time in Bermuda’s history.
Eleven voting members, appointed by the President of the United States with the advice and consent of the Senate, compose the LSC Board of Directors.
John Henry President of the Board of Trustees
Most corporate officials, board members and professionals are people of ability and integrity who try to do the right thing.
29The Survey of Consumer Finances is a triennial survey of U.S. families sponsored by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve with the cooperation of the Department of Treasury.
Most boards have historically spent most of their time on this role.
Donovan Olson, chairman of the county Board of Supervisors, said the board quit funding the legal service in July because it felt the county didn't need it.
RECOGNITION (OR RECOGNIZE) - The term recognition, as used in this Statement, bears the same meaning as used by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in its conceptual statements.
If anyone tries to close you down, or makes you feel as though your are talking about things best left unspoken, just tell that person assertively that if you are interested in guessing games you will pull out your Ouija board.
Olson and the board did not want to be the main money source.
For example, it was stated that some board members are serving on too many boards to be effective, and that some board members are serving for personal incentives that could adversely affect their independence.
 , Va., in which the court ruled school boards had an "affirmative duty" to ensure "racial discrimination would be eliminated root and branch."
From a practical standpoint, this means that active executives should limit the number of boards they sit on, and all board members need to be comfortable that they can dedicate the time needed to properly discharge their fiduciary responsibilities.
Eisner wanted me to suit up and help Disney's board compensation committee forge a deal with Michael Ovitz that would make him the No.
The term dandling board means a seesaw.
Over the course of the next year Executive Director Mike Philbrook, along with the Board of Trustees, will continue to work closely with Nashua's Aldermen to negotiate an annual contract that will come closer to providing the needs of the stray and abandoned animals in Nashua.
I remember visiting a friend last year at Mother Jones who had a front page of the Chronicle reproduced on her office bulletin board.
It is easy to find operators offering water-skis, windsurfing boards, parasailing, and noisy little wave-runners for rent by the hour on the beaches of most hotels.
In the past (and even the recent past), we've seen announcements like the one that Big Blue made have a ripple effect on tech stocks across the board, as momentum and program traders bailed out of anything that might suffer from association with a big name's blowup.
Board independence does not require the elimination of all inside directors but it would seem to call for ensuring that a super-majority of board members are truly independent both in fact and appearance.
Rubin has held nearly every position within the foundation - treasurer, secretary, president-elect - since joining its board of directors in 1996.
Identifying the Right People to Serve on Boards
This study was approved by the Human Subjects Review Board at the Mayo Clinic and at the University of Minnesota.
Institutional review board approval was obtained before data collection.
Client Board Member Training at the 2001 NLADA Annual Conference.
With the federal government having just given itself pay raises across the board without having produced a budget for the fiscal year that starts tomorrow one looks in vain for the alternative headline "STATES TO TIE POLITICIAN PAY TO RESULTS."
There is a bomb on board and are going back to the airport, and to have our demands [unintelligible].
While preserving the neighborhood groups' own boards of directors, the proposed plan makes them accountable to one central LSNY board for decisions like staffing and budgets.
The New York Stock Exchange is moving to adopt certain changes in its listing requirements relating to governance matters; boards and audit committees are taking their related responsibilities much more seriously; the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) is exploring a principles-based approach to accounting standards and is reconsidering the current accounting and reporting treatment for SPEs and stock options; the AICPA has issued a new fraud detection audit standard and is beginning to assess the need for other enhanced attest and assurance standards but it clearly needs to pick up the pace; the U.S.
For the first time on Christmas Day the BBC censored a film classified as U by the British board, when a shit was removed from E.T. , which followed the Queen's speech.
The CEO of many major public companies also serves as chairman of the board of directors.
Boards need to focus on enhancing the quality and reliability of financial reporting, identifying key elements of disclosure, and ensuring that such information is appropriately disclosed to investors and the public.
All on board, along with an unknown number of people in the tower, were killed instantly.
AICPA American Institute of Certified Public Accountants APB Accounting Principles Board ARB Accounting Research Bulletin COSO Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission FAS Financial Accounting Standard FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FASAB Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board FIN FASB Interpertation Form & Content OMB Bulletin 97-01, issued October 16, 1996 GAO General Accounting Office NAA National Association of Accountants OMB Office of Management and Budget SEC Securities and Exchange Commission SFFAC Statement of Federal Financial Accounting Concepts SFFAS Statement of Federal Financial Accounting Standards SOP Statement of Position
For demographic trends and the financial outlook for the Social Security and Medicare Hospital Insurance programs, we used the intermediate actuarial projections, which reflect the best estimate of the Social Security and Medicare Boards of Trustees.
or Pasteur's theory that germs cause disease," according to the Chronicle of Higher Education . Neither board sent a representative to the Cambridge, Mass.
In being named the original chairman of the Indiana Pro Bono Commission three years ago, he led the 21-member board to create a structure that would embrace Shepard's pro bono ideals from beginning.
the board needs to get involved early in monitoring and overseeing projects before considerable funds are spent on the projects;
Tumor samples from patients undergoing curative treatment for HNSCC were obtained at time of biopsy or surgical resection in the operating room, following guidelines established by the Institutional Review Board.
We are also using many recruiting flexibilities that are available to most agencies, including an extensive campaign to increase our competitiveness on college campuses and extending offers of employment during the fall semester to prospective employees who will come on board the following spring and summer.
The inclusion of more investigators from the developing world on the editorial boards should also be considered [ 25 ] . Additionally, researchers from the developing world should be encouraged to submit more of their research to the leading international medical journals.
As part of the same purge, two senior editors of the popular Amman daily Al-Arab al-Yawm were fired by their board president, also for publishing unofficial accounts of the succession crisis, Walker wrote.
Conference Board, The. "
The WP says such comments are being widely interpreted as hinting at the need for the Federal Reserve Board to lower interest rates.
With appropriate notice to the Board and LSC grant recipients, LSC's President may change or alter this Protocol as circumstances warrant.
Census Monitoring Board to oversee the 2000 decennial census.
CFS--Consolidated Financial Statements DL--Direct loan FASAB--Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board FASB--Financial Accounting Standards Board GAO--General Accounting Office GASB--Governmental Accounting Standards Board GL--Guaranteed loan GPRA--Government Performance and Results Act IRS--Internal Revenue Service MMS--Minerals Management Service OCS--Outer Continental Shelf OMB--Office of Management and Budget PP&E--Property, Plant, and Equipment RSI--Required Supplementary Information SEC--Securities and Exchange Commission SFFAC--Statement of Federal Financial Accounting Concepts SFFAS--Statement of Federal Financial Accounting Standards SGL--Standard General Ledger
And in case this wasn't clear, the article did NOT claim that Argentina's currency board is necessarily a foolish idea--only that its downside could not be ignored.
Nelson, a member of the ITC Board of Directors, also said the available training materials, the online calendar and the message boards will save a lot of time in getting new interns and volunteers up to speed.
(3) "Gates of Eden," which describes the sexual misadventures of a fascistic operative on the California Weights and Measures board.
The preamble to the final rule notes that the rule is encompassed within the Board's regulatory review under section 303 of the Riegle Community Redevelopment and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994, 12 U.S.C.
Coming from Vancouver, board the car ferry at Horseshoe Bay for Nanaimo and head north on Highway 19.
Real estate agencies prepare dog biographies for board evaluation.
The trial was stopped early by the data safety monitoring board, and the manufacturer promptly secured FDA approval.
Check with the Tourist Board for dates of ceremonial occasions, all of which happen frequently.
taxes, estate and gift taxes, and customs duties (574) Interchange between the Railroad Retirement Board and the Social Security and Hospital Insurance trust
The SEC plays an important role through its responsibilities to regulate activities of public companies and their auditors and to conduct related enforcement actions, as well as to establish and sustain the new Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) established by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 until the PCAOB is certified by the SEC as ready to operate.
The research study was approved by the University of Utah Health Sciences Center Institutional Review Board.
Among the most controversial of a plate of new proposals from a committee of American bishops: church approval of theology department hires, majority quotas of "faithful Catholics" for faculties and trustee boards, and professions of faith and fidelity to the church on the part of university presidents.
The students, affiliated with the United Auto Workers union, have had some success: The California Public Employment Relations Board ruled late last year in favor of their right to organize.
However, the stability of a pegged rate would come at the cost of Canadian independence: "By adopting a fixed exchange rate, Canada would essentially cede control over monetary policy to the United States Federal Reserve Board, yielding one more lever of economic policy to international forces."
In my English, as in that of most Americans, bawd/bored/board, sword/sawed/ soared , and or/oar/awe/ore are not homophones; I pronounce bawd/sawed differently from board and or/oar/ore differently from awe .
Critics have three main complaints: 1) his shoddy economics (see Paul Krugman in the Washington Post and in Slate); 2) his tired prescriptions--regulation, taxation, and protectionism; 3) his continued bashing of the Federal Reserve Board (a repetition of the theme of his 799-page Secrets of the Temple ). "This is a book that graduate students and coffeehouse dissidents everywhere will enjoy," says Mead.
Other participants pointed out that not allowing the CEO to also serve as the chairman of the board of directors does not guarantee that problems will be avoided if the board lacks an independent spirit to question management, citing such examples as Enron, Global Crossing, and WorldCom, all of which had a separate CEO and chairman.
James Campbell President of the Board Deputy Chief, Indianapolis Police Department
Board on Geographic Names has compiled and maintains a massive national database, the Geographic Names Information System [GNIS].
Many CEOs decide on what they perceive to be a fair level of pay, add $10 million to give themselves some maneuvering room, and then present their outsized demands to a board of directors that they hand-picked.
When so charged, the Clinton people retort that the independent board will have ample opportunity to amend the tests if they are too easy or ideologically skewed.
This past academic year, highlights have included the establishment of a Board of Visitors; the appointment of two new campus deans, Marian Pettengill at IU South Bend and Penny Cass at IU Kokomo; recognition of the Community Health Nursing Department by the American Public Health Association; sponsoring two nurse recipients for IU honorary degrees, Hildegard Peplau at IUPUI and Elizabeth Carnegie at IU Southeast; and celebrating the induction in 1993 and 1994 of four more faculty into the American Academy of Nursing.
Van Alen obligingly grafted on eagle-head gargoyles (based on hood ornaments), winged radiator caps, a frieze of steel hubcaps, and black brick accents that suggest running boards.
The review effort is still underway and a final report is expected to be presented to the LSC Board for consideration in June 2001.
Obviously, if all members of the two Boards were to pledge $1,000 per year, we would be most grateful and we would have a great story to tell.
Sioux Indiana Cultural Immersion Program -- Board Member Susie Davis and staff member, Andy Hill led a delegation of teens who spent a week at the Sioux Indiana YMCA in S. Dakota for the second year in a row.
So they chose from a “story board” (an elaborate carving showing the history of the people in that area) a symbol which was--to them--abstract.
In June 2001, InfraGard members elected a National Executive Board to govern the national InfraGard program and draft new policies and procedures to enhance the program's effectiveness.
The conference was attended by a diverse group of more than seventy (70) individuals, comprised of clients and client advocates, members of the bench and the academic community, LSC board members and staff, and national partners.
Justice Broderick delivered an interim report from the Task Force to the LSC Board of Directors at the Board's meeting on September 8, 2001, in Alexandria, Va.
In addition, the editorial notes that board members of Adobe Systems, the software company that is the other partner in Adobe Ventures, have contributed $130,000 to Democratic candidates over the past several years.
a member of the board of SANE/FREEZE, a leading disarmament group, and she has been affiliated with the Washington School, a project of the Institute for Policy Studies."
As a member of the Board of Trustees of the Indianapolis Civic Theatre, I believe that the dilemma we're faced with is not how we can afford to continue our programming at its current level of excellence, but rather how we can rally the community to support these efforts that only serve to enhance the cultural splendor of our city and provide educational outlets for our children.
The creationists had only five of the six seats they needed on the Kansas board to remove evolution from the required curriculum.
All studies were carried out in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki and followed a laboratory protocol approved by our institutional review board.
USAT and the Post lead with the National Transportation Safety Board's announcement that EgyptAir 990's cockpit voice recorder indicates foul play, a story fronted (above the fold) by the NYT and the LAT .
 ?
The Board, however, believes that capitalizing and depreciating stewardship PP&E provides information that is of little usefulness.
Using clinical diagnostic criteria, the immunostaining patterns and intensities were verified by two independent board certified surgical pathologists.
The British Standards Institution received the literature prize for its six-page exposition on the proper way to make a cup of tea, while the Kansas Board of Education and Colorado State Board of Education shared the science-education prize for "mandating that children should not believe in Darwin's theory of evolution any more than they should believe in Newton's theory of gravitation ...
Note: Projections based on intermediate assumptions of The 2000 Annual Report of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund.
To clarify this point, the discussion of the process of multiple reporting was expanded in the statement to explain that the Board does not consider this reporting as double counting.
The Department of Justice said it denied the grant application, in part, because evaluators did not see enough collaboration between the organizations and victims' advocates, Ralphs and Milne told CVR board members.
STATE PLANNING CONFIGURATION STANDARDS Final Task Force Report - Board Approved
This study was approved by the Children's Hospital institutional review board, and informed consent was obtained from all adult participating subjects and from parents or legal guardians of participating minors.
In the original, Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan was "appalled like the rest."
it is imperative that we reach the Board of Directors' goal of 100% participation.
Both of them lead rich nonvirtual lives in faraway locales, so we appreciate their involvement in and dedication to Slate's community bulletin board.
In November 1997, the LSC Board adopted its first Strategic Plan for FY 1998-2003.
It was nine years ago and Reese-Wheeler was barely into her second week with the shelter when Lindsay, a SAFE Shelter board member, invited her to lunch to talk about "some ideas he had for the shelter."
Participants discussed the need to mitigate the opportunity and risk for fraud by educating boards of directors and ultimately changing the tone at the top of the company.
The paper says that "the disclosure of the missing circuit board.was made Tuesday."
An Intelligence Community Counterterrorism Board had the responsibility to issue threat advisories.
Needless to say, this strategy works only if you're good at bringing companies on board without wrecking them or yourself.
The director, Wolfgang Petersen, made his mark with Das Boot , a masterfully absorbing thriller set on board a claustrophobic German U-boat.
) A lawyer on the Spectator 's board, Steven Boynton, in turn paid his friend Parker Dozhier--a onetime TV reporter who now owns a bait shop in Hot Springs--$48,000 to be the magazine's Arkansas "eyes and ears."
Ladenson assumes that there's one standard applied across the board to everybody except for black kids, and that just isn't true,
The research was approved by the University of Rochester Research Subjects Review Board.
The Board of Directors of LSC is composed of eleven voting members who are appointed by the President of the United States with the advice and consent of the Senate.
In addition, board members have a responsibility to educate themselves about the company's operations and plans and to seek advice of external experts, when and as appropriate.
And she was a board member of the Nationwide Employee Benefits Organization from 1984 to 1988.
The cover story in the last issue of the business magazine Across the Board identifies nonbusiness-related use of the Web as a serious problem at the office.

Brain specimens were obtained from human fetuses of 12-14 weeks gestational age with consent from women undergoing elective termination of pregnancy and approval by the University of Kentucky Institutional Review Board.
I agree that we have a regular recession and that the currency board prevents us from applying the usual recipe, but it's not clear that it would work, and at this point breaking the peso commitment would be extremely onerous.
The Board's intent was to ensure that these significant areas, if material for an entity, would be reported regularly and in a consistent manner.
Newt Gingrich and other conservatives, while accusing Clinton of defending "quotas," complained they were underrepresented on the advisory board.
Obviously, when his vitae says he no longer serves on a board, I didn't include it in my tally.
Guided by the belief that access to quality legal services is critical to a fair adversarial justice system and committed to making significant improvements in their delivery, the LSC Board of Directors approved and enacted Strategic Directions 2000-2005 in January 2000.
The Edinburgh and Lothians Tourist Board produces automobile tours for East Lothian, West Lothian, and Midlothian, with suggested itineraries, opening times, and prices for various sights and attractions.
What these boards have allowed managers to do is, simply, play with other people's money.
I am a board member of SEND and would like to spend a few moments of your time in the near future to tell you, personally, about our programs and how you can help.
When you fear a man approaching you may be a mugger, you may not be able to find out in the next five seconds whether he happens to be a University of Chicago intellectual headed for the New York Times editorial board.
Paul Krugman has been for a long time a very critical observer of Argentina's currency board; he has suggested a devaluation many times in the past.
In that respect, some participants stated that boards are often made up of consensus builders and, in that case, a dominant member of the board could effectively control the board's agenda.
Although we collected data on matters work undertaken during the last six months of 2001, we were not able to analyze and report on them to the LSC Board and on our website until 2002.
The real mystery, though, is why the story was emblazoned last April on the cover of that newsletter for high-minded literary Brahmins, The New York Review of Books --and why, last week, in the same publication's pages, the head of the National Transportation Safety Board stepped forth to debate the author.
Prudie does not wish to sound like a Ouija board or the thing in the cookie, but time reveals much.
The government's main economic lever, the money supply, is the province of the autonomous Federal Reserve Board.
AAP: Rotation system instituted for board of chancellors.
For example, some components are required to apply accounting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or a regulatory agency.
Although the Board does not have authority to set audit standards, it established RSSI with the expectation that OMB and GAO will, in collaboration, determine appropriate audit procedures for this information.
The chairman of Goddard's board of trustees dismissed the faculty wrath as "labor negotiations tactics" and described the call for a new president consistent with Goddard College tradition: The school has had six presidents in the last decade.
Michael W. Martin, a Fordham University School of Law professor who sits on the LSNY board, however, countered that the changes were narrowly tailored to ensure effective monitoring by LSNY, while still preserving the power of local boards to run their programs.
The hospital epidemiologists or infection control practitioners obtained institutional review board (IRB) approval (or, in some cases, exemption from review) and administered the survey to their hospital's ED and ICU staff.
As the director of the Dalmatian Board at AcmePet.com, Your Guide to Pets on the Internet, I have found a nation of Dalmatian owners who are the happiest people I have ever met.
The Colorado Bar Association=s Board of Governors in May, 2000 approved a set of guidelines to encourage pro bono service by government and public attorneys;
In 1968, she staged well-publicized nude-ins at MoMA's sculpture garden and at such Vietnam War-era hotspots as the Board of Elections.
Last Friday, the Surface Transportation Board declared "a transportation emergency in the West," while the FRA announced that it would step up its monitoring of crew fatigue and track safety.
While the will to assist the low income population has not abated in Northern Colorado, those involved with federally funded legal services must wait to see who President Bush appoints to the board of the Legal Services Corp.
Where were the boards of directors (boards) and what was the role of top corporate management in connection with these business breakdowns?
Inside the pool area the walls are ivy-clad and there is some sumptuous statuary, but even more interesting than the architecture of the baths is the bizarre sight of groups of men playing chess while immersed in warm water (their boards are supported on small jetties protruding into the pool).
11The 2001 Annual Report of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund (March 2001) and The 2001 Annual Report of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund (March 2001).
The study was approved by the Institutional Review Board.
Where to Go
This strategic realignment and convergence of interests between the board and the outside auditors would help to achieve these objectives.
Draper boasted that, in exchange for an extortionate fee, he could: arrange lunches at 10 Downing St. and meetings with top ministers, help the client get appointed to a government advisory board, and obtain early drafts of parliamentary reports related to the client's industry.
Recently a friend of mine posted something untrue about me--using my real name--on an electronic bulletin board.
Later in 2002, building on this panel, the Virginia State Planning Assembly began creating an action plan of goals for obtaining diverse staff and boards, growing a diverse corps of leaders and deeper engagement with the client community.
In addition, the PCAOB needs to work cooperatively with the SEC and state boards of accountancy.
Now, you should know that I put these remarks together over the weekend, before the December board meeting that took place Monday and Tuesday of this week.
Responding on Today to the professor's crack about "lay people," the chair of the Kansas board observed: "Many parents I've talked to believe that they know what is best for their children.
In addition to its responsibility to oversee management, the board also has a responsibility to shareholders and other stakeholders of the company, such as employees, creditors, and the public.
The Roswell Park Cancer Institute Institutional Review Board approved this research protocol.
The majority of the analytical assumptions used to develop the Base Estimate have been reviewed and approved by EPA's Science Advisory Board (SAB).
The board, however, has
One of the selling points in this fall's development campaign is the level of support given by the school's alumni leaders and friends on the Alumni Association Board and the Board of Visitors.
LSC grantees consist of hundreds of local organizations governed, in the typical case, by local boards of directors.
Examples were cited of increased premiums for finding qualified board members and such searches needing to identify 15 candidates for a board position just to get one who is willing to serve.
(Financial Accounting Standards Board, Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
In a move that, from a lexicographic standpoint, is decidedly un-American, the government set up an official board to rule on and standardize the use of place names, both domestic and foreign.
Following approval by this committee, the proposal was approved by the University of South Florida Institutional Review Board for the Protection of Human Subjects.
Examples were cited of increased premiums for finding qualified board members and such searches needing to identify 15 candidates for a board position just to get one who is willing to serve.
All subjects consented to provide blood for antibody analysis according to local Institutional Review Board procedures (see Acknowledgements).
Federal Reserve Board Open Markets Committee Meeting Preview : Discussion of today's much-anticipated session.
After deliberating the issue, the Board has concluded that additional investigation and further deliberation is required and has directed the FASAB staff to continue to research social insurance issues focusing especially on: identifying the characteristics of programs which should cause them to be subject to the guidance provided in a Statement on Social Insurance; the appropriate display of information in the financial statements; the identification of additional information, if any, which should be required for social insurance programs; the means for measurement of financial data included in such additional information; and, the desirability of nonfinancial indicators (ratios of data to GDP or "covered payroll") to describe the status of programs or the implications of potential changes to or needs of the programs.The Board has instructed the staff to be mindful of all current developments in structuring its research and its recommendations.
Former Federal Reserve Board Vice Chair Alan Blinder and former chairman of the President's Council of Economic Advisers Joseph Stiglitz argue that: 1) the estate tax fails as a redistributive measure because rich people have become too good at circumventing it; 2) the considerable effort put into circumventing the tax wastes economic resources; and 3) the tax encourages consumption, instead of savings and investment.
Because the CEO cannot make major moves without the board's assent, and his or her job security depends on their satisfaction, the chairman of the board is technically his or her superior.
Mayor Riordan is a Republican, although one of those splendid reforms keeps that fact a secret from voters, and he's an amiable enough guy who has used his rhetorical and organizational muscle to force some changes--or at least rumors of changes--at the school board.
Participants also stated there is some evidence that the recruiting of directors is being adversely affected by the current environment that is placing ever-increasing demands on board members.
The study was approved by the HPHC Institutional Review Board.
Atomic Energy Commission sat on the board of National Education Television, the Ford Foundation-sponsored PBS precursor.
By the end he was babbling so much, I expected him to point to the tote board and ask Ed McMahon how much we'd raised.
The NYT reports that some pollsters have gotten together to form a Polling Review Board that will monitor and discuss the flood of political polls expected during the upcoming election season.
cc: Mr. Donald J. Winn Assistant to the Board Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
Another book about Bartoli and her contemporaries is being written by Manuela Hoelterhoff, the former opera critic of the Wall Street Journal , who is now a member of its editorial board.
Karen Marcus, Chairwoman of the Palm Beach County Board of County Commissioners, issued a directive at a meeting in June 1992 (evidently a good vintage year for mixed metaphors) in which she said,
"This is what I want to do - to give back to the community," said Mazzariello, who worked under Brooklyn District Attorney Charles Hynes from 1990 to 1993, followed by a stint as the Board of Education's chief prosecutor.
Following independent reviews by the Data and Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) on January 6, 2000, and by an Ad Hoc Committee on January 21, 2000, the Director of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute accepted a recommendation to discontinue the doxazosin treatment arm of the antihypertensive trial.
Chairman, Board of Directors, American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
For example, it was viewed that individuals who serve on numerous boards at the same time and/or who serve for personal incentives, over time lose the "independent spirit" needed to be an effective board member.
Helping staff and boards arrive at a common vision necessitates honest and sometimes difficult conversations.
Under modern governance theory, the board works for the shareholders and the CEO works for the board.
Threats are increasing, in part, because the number of individuals with computer skills is increasing and because intrusion, or "hacking," techniques have become readily accessible through magazines, computer bulletin boards, and Internet Web sites.
Slowly, that network of activists took over school boards, county commissions, and state political parties.
He pays me $40 a week room and board, which of course doesn't begin to cover his expenses.
Patients were diagnosed with type 1 and type 2 diabetes on clinical presentation by a board certified endocrinologist.
Final Task Force Report - Board Approved
Legal Services Corp. spokesman Eric Kleiman contended that Atlas and his board "have had ample opportunity to make their case to us."
' `Something the savages do on boards,' replied the aunt vaguely.”
Board games are available for play.
41Throughout this report, we relied on data from The 2001 Annual Report of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance and Disability Insurance Trust Funds, hereafter "the 2001 OASDI Trustees' Report" and The 2001 Annual Report of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, hereafter "the 2001 HI Trustees' Report."
Many boards were not perceived to function properly for investor protection, which is a negative reflection on the entire corporate governance process.
Protocols were approved by appropriate institutional review boards, and informed consent was obtained from all participants.
The National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Institutional Review Board approved the protocol.
The business of allocating land within the limits of location required land agents , a Land Board, Land Commissioner, land fund, land orders, and led (as early as 1809) to land-jobbing and speculation by land-jobbers and land-sharks.
The Board appoints LSC's President, who serves as the Corporation's chief executive officer, subject to general policies established by the Board.
LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION BOARD OF DIRECTORS
A possibly apocryphal story from Herman Oliver's Gold and Cattle Country concerns a local prominence once called Squaw Tit (not all of the pioneers being missionaries); the Geographic Board decided the name was too earthy and, wishing to retain a semblance of the original appellation changed the name to Squaw Butte ; when the map came out with the new name, the final e was unfortunately omitted.
It does not reprint the summaries or all introductory and background material since these sections are not always essential to applying the standards or understanding the Board's conclusions.
The Task Force Report has been accepted by the Association's Board of Governors and Chancellor Gordon has appointed a special committee to be chaired by Chancellor-Elect Audrey C. Talley to consider the Report's observations and recommendations and suggest possible action to the Board.
Recommendation: At this time of increased and consolidated government authority, there should be a board within the executive branch to oversee adherence to the guidelines we recommend and the commitment the government makes to defend our civil liberties.
The WP and USAT both off-lead the guilty verdict returned yesterday by a federal jury in Miami, against SabreTech Inc. for mishandling hazardous materials linked to the 1996 crash of a ValuJet plane into the Florida Everglades that killed all 110 people on board.
The Institutional Review Board of the University of California, Irvine, approved the study.
Washington, D.C.: Federal Reserve Board of Governors, December 2000.
Our commitment to a nuanced approach to diversity was apparent in each meeting of the LSC Board Provisions Committee as staff regularly reported on activities in this area, and presenters invited from our programs reflected the importance of inclusion in the topics they addressed and in the communities they represented.
All the papers report that the National Transportation Safety Board will not cede authority of the investigation to the FBI until it consults further with Egyptian officials, who think the investigation is culturally biased.
(Financial Accounting Standards Board, Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No.
Board the morning train in North Vancouver at the bottom of Pember Street and return from Squamish on the MV Britannia ferry — or vice versa, starting from Vancouver’s Harbor Ferry dock at the bottom of Denman Street.
Bangkok's Nation reported last Friday that the Thai film board has recommended that Anna and the King , a new version of The King and I starring Jodie Foster, not be filmed in Thailand because it would violate the country's lèse-majesté law.
Actually, the other place where "stow" is frequently used is on board boats and ships.
Where were the boards of directors (boards) and what was the role of top corporate management in connection with these business breakdowns?
To: New York Times Editorial Board
Enclosed is our assessment of the Board's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801(a)(1)(B)(i) through (iv) of title 5 with respect to the rule.
Please check with the Egyptian Tourist Board (see page tk) for exact festival dates in the year that you are traveling.
Iwasaki's merger with the smaller, 48-year-old Long Beach program was friendly and fast, and no one - not even Long Beach board members - lost a job.
§ 2 (1976) to include ƒany executive department, independent commission, board, bureau, office, agency, or other establishment of the Government.
Although the consistent advice from EPA's Science Advisory Board has been to model premature mortality associated with PM exposure as a non-threshold effect, that is, with harmful effects to exposed populations regardless of the absolute level of ambient PM concentrations, some analysts have hypothesized the presence of a threshold relationship.
Nominating committees need to identify competent individuals who possess an "independent spirit" which allows board members to raise difficult questions and probe issues related
Among other details the Times describes the tense atmosphere at the rescue board meeting in the Fed conference room, in which rival firms were persuaded to take highly unusual collective bailout action.
Board of Regents, the paper reports that the regents are "receptive" to the idea.
They are among the many Web sites off-limits to all New York City public school students, K-12, thanks to the filtering program installed by the board of education.
To be sure, "superfluity" overstates the case, since Grove will remain at Intel as chairman of the board, while Craig Barrett, who will become CEO May 20, has already been running much of the company's day-to-day business as president and chief operating officer.
The Times explains that having non-OPEC countries like Mexico on board is important because in the past OPEC production cuts have often been met with non-OPEC production surges.
But the old-boys' network is not a myth, and it still takes a conscious effort on the part of boards of directors and hiring committees to promote women.
The Board, however, believes that a new category for reporting on stewardship items is more appropriate.
More than a year after he officially incorporated the San Gabriel-Pomona Valley, Dudovitz had not placed a local resident on the board of Neighborhood Legal Services or made the rounds of the private legal community to recruit the volunteer lawyers.
A Planning Committee meets periodically and the executive directors and key board leaders of NHLA, LARC, and Pro Bono meet frequently.
, IKEA's lacquered particle boards) don't measure up to his fantasies of opulence?
Windsurﬁng and yachting are widely practised on Lake Balaton and boats and boards can be hired at the main resorts.
Among the provisions: patients needn't go through their HMOs to see their dermatologists; HMOs cannot forbid doctors to tell patients about expensive treatments available; and patients can protest to an outside board a plan's refusal to pay for a procedure.
Both CNN and MSNBC are chockablock with political bulletin boards, though they too are tepid.
Historically, LSEO letter-writing campaigns generated from $11,000 to $25,000 annually, recalls Dallas Ferguson, a Tulsa attorney and board president of the new LASO.
However, participants generally agreed that there is no "silver bullet" for enhancing the effectiveness of boards of directors in their role of oversight of management and protecting shareholders.
In an editorial on its editorial page this morning, the New York Times editorial board editorializes about an important editorial issue; according to Salon magazine, for about the last two years television networks have been secretly submitting scripts to the White House's drug czar, who awarded credit for anti-drug messages in the shows.
An LAF board member since the mid-'80s, Hilliker has been involved with legal aid in some way for his entire career.
Contact the Cumbria Tourist Board or local tourist information centers for full details (see page 125).
One of the selling points in this fall's development campaign is the level of support given by the school's alumni leaders and friends on the Alumni Association Board and the Board of Visitors.
In order to fulfill its responsibility of effectively overseeing management, the board must have a thorough understanding of the company, its business model and related risks, corporate culture, and the various interests the board represents.
The contributions of three members of the US Board on Geographic Names (BGN), namely, Richard R. Randall, Meredith F. Burrill and Donald J. Orth, give a very good and welcome insight into practical aspects of placename-giving.
Whichever month you decide to visit, the Edinburgh and Lothians Tourist Board produces What’s On, a leaflet to help you make your plans.
We have a bomb on board.
In addition to his service on the LSC Board, he has also served special appointments to the International Labor Organization, the U.S.
The CEO can also affect the composition of the board of directors through his or her selection of senior executives, many of whom are guaranteed board seats by company bylaws.
Most of the white boards you've seen were spied while you were escorted about by PR flacks or techs and suits on a PR mission.
The WP reports that there were still 161 passengers on board.
All parts of the study were approved by the Institutional Review Board at our University of Tennessee Graduate School of Medicine.
Taken together, they did not stop any of the 9/11 hijackers from getting on board four different aircraft at three different airports.
Working with grantees and planners in each state to promote leadership training, including local board training, and to promote client board member participation and training (outreach to client leaders).
Some participants believed that in today's environment, potential legal liabilities were adversely affecting finding qualified board members.
Some of the lessons learned from the board«s project reviews are that:
 , Johnson seems to agree that it was an "unprincipled decision" that "turned out to be a prelude to a major step backward in American race relations."
The plan was presented and endorsed by the Missouri Bar Board of Governors at its March 29, 2000 meeting.
point-based funding decisions in instances in which the government is itself the speaker, see Board of Regents of Univ.
Cook is chairman of the board of , whose only business is marketing Cook's books, his cassettes, and his two-day Wall Street Workshops, in which you can enroll for the piddling sum of $2,500.
A separate measure of rule infractions (total number of infractions as defined by the Augusta Richmond County Board of Education, such as dress violations, excess tardies, disruptive classroom behavior, fighting) was determined from the school records.
I have witnessed many changes --physical location of the law school, new faculty coming on board, faculty retiring, tax students surviving my classes, and a periodic changing of the deans.
cc: Mr. Donald J. Winn Assistant to the Board Board of Governors Federal Reserve System
But the standard-setting portion was watered down by congressional Republicans who perceived it as a liberal plot to create a national board of education, and by some congressional Democrats who saw tougher school standards as a threat to the self-esteem of black and Hispanic students.
Consideration of guidance for the recognition, measurement and display of obligations for social insurance programs has continued to present the Board with significant, vexing theoretical and practical problems.
John Erlenborn has been an adjunct professor at Georgetown University Law Center since 1994 and member of the Legal Services Corporation Board of Directors since 1996.
On the Today show, an evolutionist professor scoffed at the Kansas board's decision: "Only in education would an elected board of lay people decline to take the advice of a committee of experts."
Olson said Schroeder must prove Prairie Meadows is the primary money source for the board to grant the program any more money.
Source: Bureau of Economic Analysis, Department of Commerce, and GAO analysis of Flow of Funds Accounts data from the Federal Reserve Board of Governors.
Prior to study initiation, the ESS40011 study protocol was approved by the Institutional Review Boards at each participating study site.
(In the '70s, Arnold Hutschnecker, reveling in his 15 minutes of fame, proposed establishing an official board of psychiatrists to screen all presidential candidates.)
Although no merger plans were discussed, board members at the smaller program knew of Dudovitz's preference for impact litigation over direct services.
It can be used in conjunction with regular board trainings or as a stand-alone device.
Two organizations noted that significant interest on the part of the board of directors was an important factor in their organizations' attention to information security.
over the long-term will require concerted actions by a variety of parties, including accounting and auditing standard setters, regulators, management and boards of directors of public companies.
Our review indicates that the Board complied with the applicable requirements.
Alone in her kitchen with her cutting board, she seems to be smelling her own faint over-ripeness; when Mortensen holds his stare a beat too long, her body bends toward his as if it knows, on a cellular level, that this way lies nourishment.
resources managers, and other government personnelEvaluation Board whose primary function is to evaluate proposals (SSEB) received in response to an RFP.
came Wednesday when former Clinton White House spokesman Mike McCurry and former New Hampshire governor and Bush administration Chief of Staff John Sununu joined a slate of political consultants and contenders on the advisory board of a California-based Web site calling itself Grassroots.com.
The 10:03:11 impact time is supported by previous National Transportation Safety Board analysis and by evidence from the Commission staff 's analysis of radar, the flight data recorder, the cockpit voice recorder, infrared satellite data, and air traffic control transmissions.
And, ultimately, that's one thing that the Oakland School Board was suggesting: the simple, commonsense proposal that teachers might be more effective if they knew something about the speech patterns of the people they were trying to teach.
The Journal reports that the National Transportation Safety Board will give Egyptian officials several days to convince it that the FBI should not take over the EgyptAir 990 investigation.
Research activities in the sentinel sites were reviewed and approved by the CDC and Notre Dame Institutional Review Boards, and the Ethics Committee of Hopital St. Croix.
These three central agencies, referred to collectively as the "principals", established the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board (FASAB) in 1990.
Some Federal entities, including those government corporations listed in the Government Corporation Control Act and certain others, such as the US Postal Service, are required by law or policy to publish financial statements pursuant to the standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB).
Plus, you toss in a little punctuation, and some consecutive entries read like excerpts from Starr's Ouija board, or last year's Times :
(Domingo Cavallo, who as finance minister was the architect of the board, suggested a few months back that it should endure for a decade or so.)
Within a few months of his inauguration, the Barry-loathing Republican Congress installed a Control Board to oversee the city's shaky finances.
The technology might usefully be applied in local races, in which it's hard to sort out the platform of every potential state senator, judge, school board official, and city council member.
In January 2000, we issued our first progress report to the LSC Board of Directors describing our efforts to help build premier justice communities throughout our country.
LSC Vice President for Programs Randi Youells and LSC Board Member Maria Luisa Mercado opened the three-day symposium by challenging conferees to help LSC develop practices and policies that guarantee high quality legal services to rural people - whether they are California farm workers, small farmers in the Midwest, migrant workers in the South, or Native Americans on reservations in the Southwest.
Dan Burton, who has been heading up a House investigation into Clinton campaign finances, told the editorial board of the Indianapolis Star , "If I could prove 10 percent of what I believe happened, he'd [Clinton] be gone.
A NYT front-pager provides welcome perspective on the Kansas School Board's recent decision to excise evolution from its official curriculum.
It is clearly far too low, since David Talbot, Salon 's "chairman of the board, editor-in-chief and director," told Newsweek last September that revenues "this year" were $6 million.
The Tech Center is governed by a board of directors composed of representatives of the collaborative partners, and is currently housed at Chicago Kent College of Law.
Lott gave the 1992 keynote speech to the national board meeting of the Council of Conservative Citizens, the retro-successor to the Klannish White Citizens Councils.
The Edinburgh and Lothians Tourist Board offers the “Lothians and Edinburgh Golf Pass,” with discounted rates on 20 courses in the Lothians region.
Two organizations noted that significant interest on the part of the board of directors was an important factor in their organizations' attention to information security.
Decision 2006 : Will A.G. be reappointed to the Fed board when his current 14 year term is up?
handouts" is contradicted by another allegation that Foer failed to mention: Hale and Dozhier met on several occasions with American Spectator board member Stephen Boynton and David Henderson, vice president of the Spectator 's funding foundation.
Moreover, "there are 304 locally elected school boards who have the option to tell the state board to go jump in the lake," said an aide to moderate Republican Gov. Bill Graves.
The company board voted Thursday afternoon to end the takeover, which had already been approved by both sets of stockholders and which would have created the nation's largest military contractor.
The board slang once used on Citizens' Band radio has similarities with anti-language, although even the police more often regarded CB users as eccentric nuisances than criminals.
A Board official confirmed our understanding.
Under such arrangements, executives from different companies who know each other will sit on each other's boards.
However, we understand from the preamble to the proposed rule and the Board's letter to our Office that the Board intended this statement to constitute a certification under section 605(b) that the rule would not have any significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.
The Pennsylvania Bar Association's Board of Governors and House of Delegates has approved the Report and Recommendations of the Task Force on Legal Services to the Needy, which called for a set of initiatives to increase funding and pro bono:
Malibu’s Surfrider Beach attracts surfers from all over the world as well as the locals, many riding the old-fashioned “big guns” — boards at least 10 ft (3 m) long.
The study protocol was approved by the Internal Review Board of our academic medical center and deemed exempt from the need for informed consent.
Co-chaired by two LSC Board members, New Hampshire Supreme Court Justice John T. Broderick and Ernestine Watlington, the Task Force convened the first of several meetings on August 21, 2001, in Washington, D.C.
The Board, recognizing the Federal Government's size, complexity, diversity, and impact on others, has determined that the aforementioned information is needed in addition to that included in financial statements.
Finally, boards have a clear responsibility to hold management accountable for results.
2000-692, (Washington, D.C.: Federal Reserve Board of Governors, December 2000).
Participants recognized that programs were turning or had turned that critical corner--from being resistant to or resentful of change to an embracing of new visions by staff, board members and other stakeholders.
The Committee on Human Subjects at the University of Hawaii and the research boards of all participating institutions approved the study protocol.
And that, in turn, can drain investment capital, alarm an inflation-wary Federal Reserve Board, raise interest rates, and unnerve financial markets.
On Friday evening, conference participants were joined by the ILS Board, judges, and bar leaders (including the new executive director of the Indiana Bar Foundation) for dinner.
From August 1997, when that crisis first broke, until this May, when Suharto finally implemented the sharp price increases and subsidy cuts demanded by the International Monetary Fund, these partners were primarily concerned with economic reform--budget cuts, currency boards, bank regulation, and other technical policy questions.
Last year, board members on the former Legal Aid of Central Texas and Bexar County Legal Aid resisted the merger, saying that the mergers were done illegally and without the input of board members.
AOL enlists 14,000 volunteers patrollers who delete 'offensive' messages from chat rooms and message boards and assign demerits to their authors.
They said the CIA as a whole had been badly damaged by prior budget constraints and that capabilities needed to be restored across the board.
Some participants suggested that perhaps serving as a director on a board should be a salaried position if shareholders were willing to bear the cost.
Participants stressed the importance of independence, both in fact and appearance, as essential for the board to be able to fulfill its responsibilities.
He is a member of the board of contributors at the Wall Street Journal .
On Monday morning I strutted into Bruce's classroom and hubristically engraved my “ultimate” supersentence on the enemy's board, delivering a learned lecture proving that we had reached the end of the road supersentencewise.
"Real-time stock market big board.
Participants stated that the current model is too driven by accountants, regulators, corporate management, and boards of directors who have historically focused on the technical aspects of financial reporting and are more likely to move slowly and cautiously in making
The Board believes that the desire for more specific guidance expressed by several respondents stems from the belief that without such guidance, an entity's determination of how to apply the standards could be questioned.
If you like the adventure of traveling through the jungle, Vallarta Adventure in Puerto Vallarta, offers an extraordinary tour of the Sierra Madre Mountains on board Mercedes Benz all-terrain vehicles (called Unimogs).
Bradley "has been very selective in terms of the celebrities that he has asked to jump on board," said Cousy.
Albany board - On August 16, 1780, Gen.
Nixon hated PBS no more than he did the commercial networks, but his veto over PBS's funding and his power to appoint board members to the Corporation for Public Broadcasting (PBS's overseers) gave him a direct outlet for his hate.
He continued as an editor of Transition magazine; the Black Periodical Literature Project; the Zora Neale Hurston Library series; the 30-volume African-American Women Writers, 1910-1940 ; and the 2 million word Encyclopedia Africana . Nominally, at least, he sat on the board of editors of 29 other journals and on 82 advisory committees for museums, theaters, institutes, literary prizes, and universities.
Across the board, in fact, investors are willing to overlook short-term losses due to strikes if they feel that a company's hard line will pay off in lower costs down the road.
Declaring himself a conscientious objector to World War II, he directed a poignant appeal to the National Service Board: "I don't see how the government or anyone else could expect me to agree to being judged by the standards of a normal person."
The final layer, security on board commercial aircraft, was not designed to counter suicide hijackings.
For more information, see Guide to the Flow of Funds Accounts, Vol. 1, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (2000).
The CEO can also affect the composition of the board of directors through his or her selection of senior executives, many of whom are guaranteed board seats by company bylaws.
It is run by an 11member board appointed by the president and confirmed by the Senate.
We believe this format will provide the LSC Board of Directors a complete and true picture of the work we pursued in 2002 to build legal services delivery system in which no eligible client is turned away, and in which every eligible client is provided high quality legal services.
The shift to a competitive bidding process, coupled with sizeable reductions in Legal Services Corporation's annual budget, compelled the LSC Board of Directors to adopt a new approach to allocating Congress' annual investment in civil equal justice for the poor.
The Board concluded, at that time, that the topic should be made part of the Supplementary Stewardship Reporting project.
The study protocol was reviewed and approved by the Ugandan National AIDS Research Subcommittee and the institutional review boards of Case Western Reserve University and University Hospitals of Cleveland.
The study was approved by the Institutional Review Board.
We have become a nation of investors, and boards need to focus attention on the fact that there has been a shift from shareholders not only being individual investors but also institutional investors, such as pension plans and mutual funds, which are acting as fiduciaries for others.
The paper says that medical boards in every state view the sites as illegal or at least not meeting accepted standards of medical care.
Even if board members are independent, they can be ineffective as directors if they lack expertise or knowledge relevant to the company and its business.
Field Comm's two main functions were to relay information between the overall operations command post and FDNY dispatch and to track all units operating at the scene on a large magnetic board.
The Journal of the American Medical Association has appointed its first female editor: Dr. Catherine D. DeAngelis, a former nurse, the vice dean of Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, and a member of JAMA 's editorial board.
In a provision of the recently passed budget bill, Congress used its constitutional authority to strip power from the mayor and City Council, and to vest it in the financial control board that was set up in 1995.
The sentence comes from Geneva Smitherman, a professor of English, the director of the African-American Language and Literacy Program at Michigan State University, the author of the books Talkin and Testifyin (1977) and Black Talk (1994), and one of the people quoted most frequently by reporters and commentators seeking context for the national controversy over "ebonics"--a form of Black English recently granted official recognition as a separate language by the Oakland, Calif., school board.
Washington, D.C.: Federal Reserve Board of Governors, April 1998.
The Times editorial board, I'm sure, would make this ethical boo-boo bleed with ink.

The board has no plans to remove or modify this software, although individual schools may phone for help in making their own alterations.
The Journal 's online edition reports that early this morning the board of Warner-Lambert--which already makes the anti-cholesterol drug Lipton in partnership with Pfizer--opposed the Pfizer bid.
Washingtonian Classicism has taken many guises, ranging from the Jefferson Memorial (a small version of the Pantheon), to the severely abstract Federal Reserve Board Building.
In addition to focusing on what accountants, regulators, and corporate management and boards of directors (the "supply side") should do, boards need to focus more on what investors and other users of financial information (the "demand side") want from corporate governance.
Justice Broderick delivered an interim report from the Task Force to the LSC Board of Directors at the Board's meeting on September 8, 2001, in Alexandria, Va.
The Primary Care Advisory Board of Western New York (WNY) represents over 500 physicians associated with 13 primary care practices throughout WNY.
As a member of the New York Civil Liberties Union, she sat on the board of directors and discussed issues before the union, such as the proposed Nazi march in Skokie, Ill., in the late 1970s.
Ventura organized his original effort by e-mail, tracked his bus tour with digital pictures, and encouraged a lively bulletin board discussion of it.
Some Board members may have had their mother-in-law move in, another mouth to feed and a loss in domestic tranquility.
The cover story says that corporate boards are firing CEOs more often than they used to.
A Stitch in Time uses the U.S. apparel story to highlight the transformation of retailing and manufacturing across the board.
The NYT notes that the judge, described as a former campaign worker for Jesse Helms and appointed to the bench by Reagan at Helms' behest, collected signatures on a petition against busing back in 1969, the year the Supreme Court ordered Charlotte to desegregate (fifteen years after Brown vs. the Board of Education ).
Participants believed that the board has a responsibility to educate itself through the use of external advisors or other means and not rely solely on information provided by management.
In this report, the LSC Board of Directors is pleased to provide information addressing Congress's three principal concerns:
Subject: Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System: Bank Holding Companies and Change in Bank Control (Regulation Y)
We used previously described printed circuit board technology to manufacture eSensor chips with 16 gold electrodes, one reference electrode, and one auxiliary electrode [ 2 3 4 ] . Each electrode was wired to a connector at the edge of the chip.
The Federal Reserve Board will announce its rate decision today.
(And yet the Bartlett's editorial board persists in its obstinacy.)
Chairman of the Board of Trustees
The sales director at the time (1965) was Lew Miller, as wise and experienced a marketing man as one could find in publishing; Bob Bernstein was president; Bennett Cerf was chairman of the board, and the other important directors were Donald Klopfer and Tony Wimpfheimer.
But how can this be if the CEO also serves as chairman of the board?
For most of this century, U.S. corporations featured rubber-stamp boards of directors handpicked by management and uninterested in rocking the boat.
Two Advisory Boards of 24 expert physicians in ethics, hospice, and palliative care initially recommended the curricular content and format.
If approved, he's going to be a fresh voice and a great contributor to this board."
All samples and associated clinical data were obtained with Institutional Review Board approval.
All on board, along with an unknown number of people in the tower, were killed instantly.
The opening hours and rules regarding access vary, so contact the Cumbria Tourist Board in Windermere or one of the local tourist information centers (see page 125) before setting out with your golf bag.
The Department of Commerce's Metric Program--which took up the cause when the Metric Board was abolished in 1982--now focuses on outreach to the business community, instead of legislation.
A point was also made that the role of the internal auditors, specifically their cooperation and coordination with the external auditors and the board of directors, should be improved, which ultimately could improve the quality of financial reporting and the external audit.
Independent committees of the board of directors, such as the auditing, compensation, and nominating committees, play an important role in effective corporate governance.
Some boards do run hospitals like for-profits.
United States firms have been successful because they have had strong leaders running them, and an effective and strong board of directors can counterbalance a strong executive.
The library board awarded the commission to Moshe Safdie, and a year later the plans for the new building were unveiled.
The most typical of these are harbor cruises, usually including dinner and dancing on board an air-conditioned floating nightclub.
In "On Fighting Bad Ideas," Culturebox argues that the association of evolutionary psychologists, the Human Behavior and Evolution Society (HBES), of which MacDonald is the secretary, archivist, newsletter editor, and executive board member, should never have let him get as far as he has without refuting him.
FFC (formerly the Federal Construction Council) is a continuing activity of the Board on Infrastructure and the Constructed Environment of the National Research Council (NRC).
Participants agreed there is no "silver bullet" to enhancing the effectiveness of boards of directors in their role of overseeing management and protecting the public interest.
The author, Peter Edelman, was once Clinton's top advisor on the issue (Edelman's wife was responsible for bringing Hillary Clinton onto the board of the Children's Defense Fund).
In addition, it is unlikely that any institutional review board would approve the collection of such data in present circumstances.
Each board is required to have a standing committee to monitor board and program diversity.
Participants also felt that boards needed to reexamine how they are structured and how they operate.
The formation of ILS is based on the "Legal Services Plan" developed by the boards of LSOI and LSNI.
By law, the Board is bipartisan: no more than six members can be of the same political party.
A director who frequently tangled with the ratings board told me an instructive story.
For example, it was stated that some board members are serving on too many boards to be effective, and that some board members are serving for personal incentives that could adversely affect their independence.
(Financial Accounting Standards Board, Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts No.
Similarly, he said, LSNY will exercise control over the local corporations by being designated as the sole member in each corporation, empowered to choose or discharge board members.
For details of the program contact the Greek National Tourist Board at Odos Voukourestiou 1, Tel. 01-9694500.
The NYT reports that a surprising witness appeared before a NYC City Council hearing on police reform: former NYPD whistleblowing cop Frank Serpico, who called for an independent police monitoring board to investigate police wrongdoing and "create an atmosphere where the crooked cop fears the honest cop, and not the other way around."
The WP produces a particularly interesting pro-calm nugget: It has the chairman of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange saying that within a couple of hours after the Big Board closed, nearly 80 percent of his market's traders had paid off what they owed from the day's trades.
Nelson, a member of the ITC Board of Directors, also said the available training materials, the online calendar and the message boards will save a lot of time in getting new interns and volunteers up to speed.
You can view this monument to royal folly, but you can no longer board it.
That's why markets are better at allocating capital and setting prices than any planning board ever could be.
To accomplish this, the board must raise or lower interest rates to bring savings and investment at that target unemployment rate in line with each other.
On the Today show, an evolutionist professor scoffed at the Kansas board's decision: "Only in education would an elected board of lay people decline to take the advice of a committee of experts."
But his attempt to characterize the editorial board of the Wall Street Journal as ridiculously hostile to taxation forgets that the Journal people are in good company.
The Legal Services Corporation Board of Directors adopted Resolution 98-011, on November 16, 1998, providing authority to establish the Commission with the express purpose of studying the presence requirement for the representation of eligible aliens.
Lauralea Saddick, former executive director of the San Gabriel-Pomona Valley program, said her board simply did not share Dudovitz's desire to spend money influencing social policy and participating in high-profile litigation over poverty-related issues.
Later, they both served on the SAFE Shelter board.
Regarding the June 29 "Millionerds" column on white boards, Michael Lewis writes, "But I have now seen many hundreds of these boards, bearing the remnants of some recent group meeting, and I cannot recall ever seeing anything on them remotely resembling a thought."
Association for Federal Information Resources Management: www.affirm.org Chief Financial Officers Council: www.financenet.gov Federal Chief Information Officers Council: www.cio.gov Government Information Technology Services Board: www.gits.gov Industry Advisory Council: www.iaconline.org Information Systems Audit and Control Association and Foundation: www.iasca.org Information Technology Association of America: www.itaa.org Information Technology Resources Board: www.itrb.gov International Federation of Accountants: www.ifac.org National Association of State Information Resource Executives: www.nasire.org Society for Information Management: www.simnet.org
3 Participants attributed this lack of change to the financial reporting model being largely driven by the supply side, that is accountants, regulators, and corporate management and boards of directors.
More importantly, the Board notes that social insurance programs are presently being studied and discussed frequently and seriously within government and by the public; a report and recommendations are expected shortly from the 1994-95 Quadrennial Advisory Council on Social Security.
Washington, D.C.: Federal Reserve Board of Governors, January 2001.
Sandra Meraz, Tulare County Water Works board president, interrupted an interview Tuesday when a screaming and crying farmworker arrived.
Subia was nominated by President Bush to the board of directors of the Legal Services Corp. -- a nonprofit organization dedicated to providing legal services to low-income people.
In defining the specific categories of items, or elements, that would appear as stewardship information, the Board decided on the following:
Among the sources quoted in that piece were the then-chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers (Joseph Stiglitz), a governor of the Federal Reserve Board (Laurence Meyer), and a well-known Harvard professor (Gregory Mankiw).
The program has led to the growth of consulting firms handling the details--the leading one boasts George Bush's brother on its board.
One of the board members of a new parent company, Independent Newspapers UK, is Ben Bradlee, former executive editor of the Washington Post (Chris Patten, former governor of Hong Kong and Murdoch nemesis, is also a member).
 stock than anyone else, he's outgunned on the board by an assortment of younger, much more crass and stock-price-obsessed Chandler cousins.
With the exception of the short-term mortality endpoint, the choice of C-R functions and the majority of the analytical assumptions used to develop our estimates have been reviewed and approved by EPA's Science Advisory Board (SAB).
AICPA American Institute of Certified Public Accountants APB Accounting Principles Board ARB Accounting Research Bulletin COSO Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission FAS Financial Accounting Standard FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FASAB Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board FIN FASB Interpertation Form & Content OMB Bulletin 97-01, issued October 16, 1996 GAO General Accounting Office NAA National Association of Accountants OMB Office of Management and Budget SEC Securities and Exchange Commission SFFAC Statement of Federal Financial Accounting Concepts SFFAS Statement of Federal Financial Accounting Standards SOP Statement of Position
Synovial tissues from patients with RA and OA, undergoing arthroplasty or synovectomy, who fulfilled the criteria set by the American College of Rheumatology were obtained with Institutional Review Board (IRB) consent [ 28 29 ] . Normal synovial tissues were obtained from fresh autopsies or amputations.
The surface of the board was covered with gesso before the design was painted on it.
In the case of issues raised by the respondents, this appendix explains the basis of the Board's conclusions.
There is a board game based on the Battle of Armageddon.
A core group can begin the work, but structural and programmatic changes -- mentoring, opportunities to talk about real problems and see solutions implemented, power sharing, diverse boards of Directors, new definitions of leadership --will be necessary to achieve lasting change.
 , America's high schools are still severely segregated.
Proposal: A Candidate Quality Control Board
It was also a living temple of participatory democracy, and watching the American system work there on election nights and at meetings of Port Commissions and Mosquito Control Boards became my vision of what a corporate-confection like Celebration could not replicate.
They got the sixth vote by persuading a noncreationist board member that evolution should be presented as a theory rather than as a fact.
Cassidy came to New York and met with the board (and me).
The seminar is held the second Thursday each month from 6 to 8 p.m., usually in the County Board of Supervisors meeting room at 219 Cherry St. The meetings feature a panel consisting of a professional attorney and a judge.
"Oh, this is Maine's tourist board, lamely responding to Vermont's campaign, 'Wouldn't You Rather Be in Vermont?
Local institutional review boards (IRBs) governing each clinical center have approved the study protocol.
The Board did not identify any other statutes or Executive orders imposing requirements relevant to the rule.
Our review indicates that the Board of Governors complied with the applicable requirements.
In addition, we often have difficulties with Institutional Review Board (IRB) approvals, as alcohol problems are still viewed as sensitive issues, and some IRBs are uncomfortable approving this type of research.
National, state and local program boards reflect the diversity of the communities they serve.
Also, the Board is concerned with the possibility of establishing requirements so detailed as to render the consolidated financial report unwieldy, unfriendly to the potential user and obfuscating of important information.
The sample report sections in Appendix B are intended to illustrate the type of reporting contemplated by the Board.
By law, the Board is bipartisan: no more than six members can be of the same political party.
Indicators of success --Boards contain representatives from a greater variety of groups.
Participants believed that it is important to continue working toward more effective boards of directors and discussed the importance of clearly defining and, in some cases, redefining, the roles and responsibilities of the board of directors of public companies as a significant measure to help restore investor confidence in the market.
The study protocol was approved by the Institutional Review Board of Erciyes University and informed consent was obtained from the patients' relatives.
The more sensible advocates of currency boards and, if necessary, dollarization, have always based their views less on hope than on fear--fear that any attempt to fight a recession by devaluing would lead instead to a surge in inflation and a financial collapse.
He has also said the tests could be designed by a bipartisan board.
The Board appoints LSC's President, who serves as the Corporation's chief executive officer, subject to general policies established by the Board.
Instead, the kids will probably be found playing “Goats and Tigers,” a favorite national game that can be marked out in chalk on the ground and played with pebbles, or on attractive brass boards with carved pieces.
Because of his many years of service on our board, he knows its strengths and the importance of its work.
227, which ends bilingual education for most students after one year, eight school districts applied for waivers, but that the state school board will probably not grant them.
Father and son made a successful appeal before a Social Security administrative board on behalf a learning disabled client.
He will be good at getting the whole board to take a more active role in fund-raising."
And then I keep reading that the culture war is over--so what do you call it when the Kansas school board has decided evolution doesn't have to be taught?
Meanwhile it has had a formal complaint filed against it by the National Labor Relations Board for firing 20 employees who were trying to organize a union, creating an in-house union to undermine those organizing efforts, and coercing workers into participating in an anti-union rally.
