Because writing an unfavorable review of a (bad) feminist book would be tantamount to treachery, such books are often unjustifiably praised, as was the case with this work by Rosalind Miles, which was well received on its publication in June.
Despite an extensive search of her bedroom, during which she uncovers her middle school yearbook (you laugh at her frizzy hair and braces; she snatches the book back and snaps it shut), a lacy black bra (which she quickly hides away in a drawer, cheeks furiously pink), and twenty dollars (to her delight), her diamond earring is still missing.
Hmmm, wanna bet there was a copy of the book on somebody's desk at the Times though?
Colin Spencer's "Vegetable Book" details an intriguing Indian chapati in which bitter melon, seeds left intact, is sliced, parboiled, then mixed with lightly fried garlic and Indian spices, flour and yogurt.
She says in a huff, throwing the book she had been paging through on the ground.
Perhaps the subject and treatment of usage need some lightening up, but I am hard put to agree that they are quite as frivolous and light-headed as this book would have us believe.
This book appears to have been diligently researched and has much to recommend it as an adjunct to most libraries, public and private, large and small, general and specialized.
Antie will use the chemical gradient algorithm of Braitenberg’s aggressive type 2 vehicle described in his book “Vehicles: Experiments in Synthetic Psychology,” as this was found through a series of experiments by Russell, et al (2003) to be very efficient when compared to several biomimetic models.
All of which is to say that the book is an interesting work on the language and contains accurate, though longwinded information about what it covers, “interesting and useful facts about American English.”
Constantinople was taken by Crusader forces in 1204, and they stripped the city of manyof its finest treasures — which now grace the public buildings of Venice — although a large consignment of books and manuscripts was transferred to the monastery at Patmos before the city fell.
I can't help but wonder if Ms. Seltzer's book with all it's far-fetched, tales-from-the-urban-jungle flair, would have passed the smell test were it read by a more diverse panel of editors.
All in all, for a relatively primitive system, it is not too bad; but you would have to be in love with your computer to use it in preference to a far more complete books of synonyms available (especially The Synonym Finder , Rodale in the U.S. and Canada, Longman elsewhere, which offers more than 800,000 synonyms, more than three times the number listed in any other synonym book).
In Britain, as elsewhere, most books by feminist writers are reviewed by women, usually feminists.
To purchase this book please go to: http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?
One book was the Bible; the other was a book written by Darwin.
My new official favorite quote: "The book of life is brief and once a page is read all but love is dead.
Who can, for instance, blame a youth with but a mildly evil disposition from guffawing when he reads in Pater's Marius The Epicurean (Chapter V) a reference to Apuleius' The Golden Ass noting that “all through the book, there is an unmistakably real feeling for asses ...”?
—The Little, Brown Book of Anecdotes
Please read the following press release and let me know if you are interested in receiving a copy of their book for consideration of an engaging interview, or to provide a review.
At last you won't be concerned with your size any more
In preparation, I read In Love and War, the book he and his wife wrote to chronicle their experiences those 8 years.
Tibbets was a decorated, top-gun pilot, but Karnes could wrangle the military rule book as well as Tibbets could fly.
[A VERBATIM Book Club Selection.]
She named the website after our book: Remembering.
In the vividly told book, Ms. Seltzer wrote about her African-American foster brothers, Terrell and Taye, who joined the Bloods gang when they were 11 and 13.
Moore's hypothesis (which apparently comes at least in part from the book "Culture of Fear" by Barry Glassner, also advertised on Moore's website) is that the constant bombardment with messages of fear can incite paranoia, which itself can lead to violent acts.
It was not located near the main entrance, as was common practice, but on an upper floor, above the book stacks.
This is an interesting, useful reference book containing information about the better-known writers of America.
Before I knew it, we had written a book.
Don't judge a book by its cover because clothes maketh the man.
I walk hesitantly into the living room where my sister is surrounded by books in the middle of the floor.
Somebody was sitting in the room, beating his hands against a book to the rhythm of the song.
As Andrew Norman wrote, in a letter published in this book on page 113, “You flit freely back and forth between prescriptivism and descriptivism.”
There are many, of course, but unaccountably, they are not the focus of this book.
If you broaden your scope a bit, I think it would be difficult to find a time over the last 40 years or so when any of these four archetypes didn't have a level of bubbling popularity via books, comic books, tv, movies, video games, music.
http://tinyurl.com/c5g7yc A profound reminder to NOT judge a book by its cover!
One book was the Bible; the other was a book written by Darwin.
I'm spending the GDP of Rwanda on books Pulaski recognized by VHQC for excellence in treating congestive heart failure.
I don't remember if you've made noises here before about turning these into a book, but if you do you've got at least one reader.
It can help purchase clothing, school supplies, books and educational tools throughout the year.
Plus, to acknowledge your increased gift of $750, we’ll send you a free copy of our stunning coffee-table photography book, Living Planet Preserving Edens of the Earth.
Enclosed is a corporate sponsorship package that includes a sample auction book from last year's event, JCC market statistics and an overview of the many programs that will be preserved and strengthened through your generous support.
This is not to suggest that Dickson's book is a catalogue of bloopers, or what Amsel Greene (and Jack Smith) like to call pullet surprises .
All in all, for a relatively primitive system, it is not too bad; but you would have to be in love with your computer to use it in preference to a far more complete books of synonyms available (especially The Synonym Finder , Rodale in the U.S. and Canada, Longman elsewhere, which offers more than 800,000 synonyms, more than three times the number listed in any other synonym book).
A longish section, “Some Troublesome Idiomatic Prepositions,” and a “Glossary of Grammatical and Linguistic Terms Used in This Book,” followed by a list of “References,” sources associated with specific entries, round out the work.
I have been re-reading all our favorite books -- 
I often wonder when a really great fictional book will be written about this era (probably decades and decades hence as it is too close).
Doctors David C. Miller and Lovera Wolf Miller understand this and it is a primary reason they wrote Womenopause: Stop Pausing and Start Living (O-Books) – an exceptional book that acts as an informative yet compassionate guide through menopause.
Miles's book is riddled with many similar distortions, convenient omissions, and generalizations:
They found the ape sitting at a desk in the reading room with two books spread out in front of him.
It's odd, however, that in repeating this charge, the Times didn't interview the man most closely associated with it, Christopher Hitchens, or refer to the book where he set it out, The Missionary Position .
wanna host a blog, book, etc at www.amazonfail.com ??
Here is a commonsense style book, useful to those who have the education and common sense to be in doubt about questions of English usage.
When we reach my locker, I put my books away and turn towards Chris.
We also publish a wide range of books, maps, and trail guides.
More Attention In an effort to motivate the boy into focusing more attention on his schoolwork, the father said to his son, "When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light from the fireplace.

The case was the subject of Joe McGinniss' best-selling book "Blind Faith.
Amber says, gesturing at the many books and magazines around her.
ALAN GRANT I read Sarah Harding's book about the parenting instincts of the T-Rexes.
According to the blurb on the dust jacket of this distinctly unpleasant book, Rosalind Miles is head of the Centre for Women's Studies at Coventry Polytechnic, a lecturer, broadcaster, journalist, and author of several other books, including a “highly acclaimed” biography of Ben Jonson.
It is not at once apparent why the book is styled an “almanac,” but that is unimportant: there is no other book I know of that contains as much diverse information about American writers as this one.

The committee published many books and other forms of literature, which gave Hirschfeld a great amount of prestige in his field.

The end result of such roundtables, one can only fear, could be that the only books depicting people of color that get published are those that do not challenge white assumptions.
In this same vein, the mirthless Milton adds his bit to the general hilarity of nations when, in describing Mount Etna in Book I of Paradise Lost (lines 236-7) he penned And leave a singed bottom all involved With stench and smoke: ...
Last year, in our old office, I had my only two real options books stolen from among the many and varied books on my desk.
The present book is extracted from the two major works that resulted from the Survey, The Linguistic Atlas of England (1978) and A Word Geography of England (1974), both under the direction of Harold Orton, aided by Sanderson and Widdowson in the latter effort.

This book is a good introduction to the subject (in England); those familiar with dialectology in America, and those interested in the study in England or, indeed, generally would be well advised to add Word Maps to their libraries.
Is reading a book Finished with Semester 5 of law school I've just decided that we don't listen to enough reggae at work (like augusto pablo)...
It was here that he wrote what was to become the final book of the New Testament, the Book of Revelation.
It was here that he wrote what was to become the final book of the New Testament, the Book of Revelation.
BELLAMY: Off the books, of course.
The show, along with her seminal book, "Mastering the Art of French Cooking" (1961), revolutionized the way America cooks and eats.
"We were all appalled," the pilot said in his book "The Tibbets Story."
If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
May your every dream come true, sir, and your book sell fabulously.
Daniel Dennett, in his fine book Darwin's Dangerous Idea , advances a hierarchy of forms of "knowing," if I may use that term, that have arisen in evolution by Darwinian means.
This was one of most important quotes from the article: “Invariably,” says Craig, “a black-themed book will come up for consideration, and there won’t be anyone of color to put in an opinion, or there’ll be one, who shouldn’t bear the burden alone.
One might say that subtitling the present book “A Book of Lost Metaphors” is an example of a loose canon [sic] — unless metaphor is taken in its broadest sense—but one is unlikely to find red herrings here: the etymologies of a few hundred words and phrases are given, many not readily findable in standard works of reference.
The book offers a clear and understandable, yet thorough and scientifically sound explanation of the physiology of menopause and the anticipated physical, psychological and mental changes.
The report wasn’t hard, I had already read the book, and so I just jotted down a few notes for him.
While I acknowledge that it is not easy to know how to sort out the many topics to be covered in a usage book, most reasonable writers have taken a stab at writing an entry under a heading that seems a likely place to look, then have provided a detailed index.
http://bit.ly/xe1SS Travel Agents Booking Trips to Cuba Win Suit: By CARMEN GENTILE MIAMI ‚Äî Florida travel agencies that book trips ..
It is not at once apparent why the book is styled an “almanac,” but that is unimportant: there is no other book I know of that contains as much diverse information about American writers as this one.
BRITAINS GOT TALENT 2009 SUSAN BOYLE http://tinyurl.com/ct8p3c Twitter Is Taking Over The World http://tinyurl.com/dn44m3 I can never make it to the Summits.
April 27, 2009 2:51 PMCathy: When you book a route on United it tells you how many miles it will accrue, pre-bonus, for each leg.
One might say that subtitling the present book “A Book of Lost Metaphors” is an example of a loose canon [sic] — unless metaphor is taken in its broadest sense—but one is unlikely to find red herrings here: the etymologies of a few hundred words and phrases are given, many not readily findable in standard works of reference.
the books and the posts, GO MAKE IT HAPPEN - NOW - DAILY.
This book is a tremendous resource for any woman seeking to employ an intelligent and multifaceted approach to the Womenopause transition.
Because writing an unfavorable review of a (bad) feminist book would be tantamount to treachery, such books are often unjustifiably praised, as was the case with this work by Rosalind Miles, which was well received on its publication in June.
A handful of examples, from the book at hand:
As I read the book, I found myself getting depressed.
I do not plan to write a book: this narrative must move more quickly.
This is my favorite line in the whole NYT article: "Sarah McGrath, the editor at Riverhead who worked with Ms. Seltzer for three years on the book, said she was stunned to discover that the author had lied."
Reading a really good book, and then writing your own.
There is no gainsaying that Safire is one of the most influential writers on contemporary English, and it is essential that his books be in the libraries of all who are interested in the subject, regardless of their alignment with his opinions.
A Defense Department paper for the Camp David briefing book on the strategic concept for the war on terrorism specified three priority targets for initial action: al Qaeda, theTaliban, and Iraq.
In this jeremiad, males are viewed as the “enemy,” and are so characterized throughout the book, which concludes with exhortations to engage the foe and a strident call to arms (though not men's).
True, there is an occasional mention in his column of a point raised by a correspondent, and the Letters section of the Magazine prints a comment from time to time, but an important feature of the books is their inclusion of far more writer-reader interaction than one might suspect from reading the column alone.
Readers should be familiar with Robert Claiborne's earlier books, especially Our Marvelous Native Tongue: The Life and Times of the English Language .
They have managed to cut through all the hype and controversy that surrounds menopause in their latest book - a virtual makeover and guide that helps make the smoothest transition through this very natural occurrence in a woman’s life.
nota bene: An overdue library book is a crime against Humanities.
 respect to creative works like works of art, books and that sort of thing, it 20 patentee, that there was a bargain in effect between the inventor and the Government that at a certain period of time it would become part of the public domain. It 
I wonder why they didn't present their books as novels.
MLB.com >> Fans can watch Stadium opener in style: Fans can watch Stadium open in style http://tinyurl.com/dk9wte John, we are doing a twitter book group on this book http://bit.ly/6Cpcd and adding notes here http://bit.ly/B5igJ MLB.com >> No-no bid spoiled, but Burnett gets win: No-no bid spoiled, but Burnett gets win http://tinyurl.com/cmoz9w Cuba travel changes split old, new exiles: MiamiHerald.com Lopez is happy that her travels to see family and fri..
But then the Anne Rice -led revival brought it back (technically the 1st  book, Interview with the Vampire ,  was published in 1976, but didn't gain widespread popularity until later).
The inside story of how Dunne and wife Joan Didion turned the Jessica Savitch saga into the 1996 Disney picture Up Close and Personal makes the cover of the March 2 New York Times Book Review , although screenwriter Larry Gelbart summarizes, rather than evaluates, the book: "Monster offers a crash course in getting a script through the hazards of the present-day studio system."
Kuttner would say that a good deal of his book is addressed to this question.
In October, St. Martin's Press will publish an anthology of essays from the Times Higher Education Supplement titled Consuming Passions: Food in the Age of Anxiety . The book's co-editor Jennifer Wallace, a lecturer at Cambridge University, suggests that food is a source of reassurance in troubling times.
All this makes for good documentary and great short stories: His book about the cult sticks with the conventions of storytelling and delivers emotion, analysis, and narrative; the many-splendored tales that interpolate Toru's story find Murakami at his most engaging.
Click for more books.
He blabs about the Wound in the 1988 and 1996 editions of Unlimited Partners: Our American Story , his book with wife Elizabeth, and his reflections on the Wound and the aftermath consume a great chunk of Richard Ben Cramer's nonpareil book about the 1988 campaign, What It Takes: The Way to the White House . And he discussed it candidly during his last run for the White House, as this déjà vu clip by Edward Walsh from the Feb. 19, 1988, Washington Post proves:
This time of year, for some reason, all the critics publish their "Best of 1997" lists, ranking their favorite books, movies, albums, and other cultural fare.
Buchanan, who sparked controversy with a new book questioning the need for U.S. intervention in World War II, has been increasingly vocal about his frustration with GOP moderates.
This is the book that gives you chapter and verse to refute all those linguistic reactionaries who cannot see why there is all that fuss about using he and man to mean a `person of either sex.
The book ceases to be funny--and becomes scary--when Rosenbaum observes his subjects mimicking their subject.
The search for the Torah codes is rooted in the unfathomable theological premise that the Torah--itself a set of five books of limited length--contains literally all truth.
To say nothing of how, somehow, it's not only OK but cool to say, "Hey, I didn't even read the book in the first place," as if we could really infer the book is unreadable from that.
I'm not sure what it means that this remark is quoted without comment in the new anthology that commemorates 100 years of the New York Times Book Review . Wilson was saying the Times book section was relentlessly dull.
In this latest addition to the series Robert K. Barnhart is listed first on the title page, taking over his father's role in the previous books, and, as before, they are joined by Sol Steinmetz.
I like to be able to reach up on my book shelf for one of Shakespeare's plays and I would like to think that people will do that with this [Morton's] book."
For book lovers, the bookshops on and around Savignyplatz offer a superb selection of books on art and design, architecture, fashion, and film.
Books
The only reference I have that mentions the strip at all ( The Penguin Book of Comics) is rather sketchy on detail.
Cook , in the sense of juggle (the books), was once standard but is now slang.
But not even David Ehrenstein in his trenchantly gossipy new book on the Hollywood closet, Open Secret , wants to make the case that Whale was penalized for his sexual preferences.
Some of the book's lexical entries are questionable.
The result, of course, has been a flood of toys based on everything from comic books to Westerns.
But the part of Skidelsky's book that really resonates with current events concerns the great debate over British monetary policy in the 1920s.
It is difficult to keep language distinct from writing, though readers of this quarterly might have become aware that the reviews of books appearing in these pages often comment on the execrable turgidity of the writing of most linguists.
Fifth, you transfer your book from your PC's Rocket Library to your Rocket, which has 4 mb of memory (enough to hold 20 medium-length novels).
Book -- Firewall: The Iran-Contra Conspiracy and Cover-Up , by Lawrence E. Walsh;
I see from the foregoing that I have, inevitably, slipped into the reviewer's trap, so neatly laid by generations before me, of commenting on what is not in the book under discussion rather than what is.
But in this compelling, disturbing, entertaining, necessary book, he raises questions that cannot be ignored."
Allen said that he always books two rooms when he checks into a hotel with his third wife, Soon-Yi, so that he can have a bathroom to himself.
Ehrenhalt's book may be the best of the new literature on community, because rather than waxing poetic about community in the abstract, he describes actual communities.
"The Reliable Source" in the WP reports that yesterday when Bill Clinton went book shopping during his ski vacation in Utah, he tried to pay with his American Express card.
Unsurprisingly, Irony Inc. (a k a the New York Observer ) shreds the book, calling the chapter on the dangers of genetic engineering "a warning so bloated with bombast that one begins to wish that the gene for pomposity could be extirpated for the sake of future generations.
Of course, even Toobin's hypocrisy may not be enough to turn his book into a commercial success.
All superhero comic books are stupid, have always been stupid, and should be banned by law--and all of their readers over 8 should be deported to post-coup Pakistan for service in the coming war against India.
One has to admit, these terms represent an improvement over one term that used to be applied to Missourians during the days of persecution in the mid-19th century (the Missouri state legislature still had an official Mormon extermination order on its books until someone discovered it in the archives in the 1970s): they were affectionat4ely known as Pukes .
6615-9097), which books tours through hotel desks, has a fleet of red-canopied pedicabs led by an English-speaking guide.
With all the Vietnam books pouring out, I'd been looking for months for a revisionist take, one that didn't accept either of the liberal explanations (the United States missed opportunities for a settlement; the war was unwinnable) or the conservative one (politicians tied the hands of the military).
Octavio Paz, much quoted, disparagingly discusses the phenomenon of the pachuco in his book The Labyrinth of Solitude, published in English in 1961.
Book -- The Courage to Stand Alone: Letters From Prison and Other Writings , by Wei Jingsheng, translated and edited by Kristina M. Torgeson;
Her first book wasn't a mystery but a loving biography of Ruth Graham, the Rev.
The weekly book reviews like such highbrow biographies as Hermione Lee's Virginia Woolf (the New York Times Book Review ) and Jorge Castañeda's Compañero: The Life and Death of Che Guevara (Richard Eder, the Los Angeles Times ). Other reviewers fill their lists with celebrity memoirs, especially Mia Farrow's What Falls Away --a trend some critics bemoan.
American Opinion Books , the online store of the John Birch Society
But I have to say that, on the whole, and like you, I found these devices intrusive, omnipresent, and highly distracting from what should have been the central task of the book.
Dingbat , in the printing sense of a typographic ornament [like the open book symbol at the end of this review], was once slang but is now standard English.
In his famous 1958 book, The Rise of the Meritocracy , British sociologist Michael Young proposed the following formula: IQ plus effort equals merit.
Which book to read first?
I mention the latter merely to make it clear that I am the author of a rival book which covers very similar ground, and that any comments I make must be judged against that background.
' ( `Intern .,' by the way, is not listed in the book as an abbreviation for `International,' only int . and intl .) On the other hand, some entries that have historical value are in (like N.R.A.
Book -- Cuba Libre , by Elmore Leonard;
Thus, it is with the greatest tolerance and sympathy that one approaches the review of a book that, in its first fifty pages, attempts to provide users with some inkling as to what is going on in English word order, whether the book was written by a native speaker or a foreigner.

This argument is laid out at length in an annotated 300-page book, which also includes extensive advice on how to implement an investing strategy based on the theory.
I have such a script for Barton Fink . (The "shooting script" is the script as it stands before filming begins; the script that you can buy in book form is a "continuity script," which has been edited to match the film.)
We also chart the critical consensus about books, movies, art, and music in "Summary Judgment" and spare you from having to watch the Sunday talk shows by offering you the gist in "Pundit Central" (check in Sunday evening to prepare for Monday sessions at the water cooler).
Book -- Shadows on the Hudson , by Isaac Bashevis Singer;
In an introduction to the interview-profiles that make up his book, he repeats a claim he first made on television when he was swept up by the emotion of the 50 th anniversary of D-Day in 1994: "This is the greatest generation any society has produced."
Campaign Book Report: John McCain
Book -- Do the Windows Open?
Book -- Truman Capote: In Which Various Friends, Enemies, Acquaintances, and Detractors Recall His Turbulent Career , by George Plimpton;
James Fenton in the New York Review of Books says, " 'Plath lovers' will never forgive Hughes for having been Plath's lover--a role which in their fantasies they would much better fill."
Autobiography can't help revealing something about a person, and even this worthless placeholder of a book is telling in its way.
Such apocrypha is the envy of any popular historian, and it's definitely a major selling point for Miller's book.
To a Western ear, the most predictable of language traits, perhaps, is the well-advertised Japanese use of r for our l . Indeed, in my travels about Honshu during a three-month visit, I did hear “coinrocker,” “see you rater,” “Adurt Graphics” (dirty books), “blackwrrants” (hit-and-miss rendering of black walnuts), “Coffee Corombia” (a chain of coffee shops), and “Coconut Glove.”
Ron Rosenbaum , slightly neurotic, obsessed author of the long-awaited, critically acclaimed book Explaining Hitler .
Consider, too, that the quality of the paper, printing, and binding of such dictionaries is far superior to that of most other books available, creating a cost per copy of about $5.

Another paradox, contradicting his broad humanism and also contradictory within itself, is his attitude toward Jews, a subject that Rayfield traces throughout this book.
Unfortunately, I think it would have been a much stronger book if the author saw it that way.
"[N]o editor has asked Murray to address the tricky questions that are customarily lobbed at the high school junior who reads his first Ayn Rand novel," says James Ledbetter in the Village Voice . "Libertarianism of Murray's variety is a philosophy for winners, for the same reason that 'Born Free' is a song about lions, not the animals they prey on," says Louis Menand in the New York Review of Books , also savaging Murray's facts and his logic.
Our "Summary Judgment" department, which saves you the trouble of reading reviews, will be upgraded into a service that will implant the consensus opinion on all the new movies, books, television shows, etc., directly into your brain, saving you the trouble of reading and seeing the books and shows themselves.
Books.
The end of each arrives, and soon another book is published, a book is reviewed, more books appear.
Book --Note Found in a Bottle: My Life as a Drinker , by Susan Cheever;
Books
Leo Rosten may list it in his book, The Joys of Yiddish , but he fails to make a positive identification.
(Click here for Jonathan Rieder's review in Slate and here for an excerpt from the book.)
1) Yes, I basically agree with your characterization of the theme of the book.
The author writes that he discovered this scandal only after his book was in galleys, which is why the accusation is tacked on as an afterword to what is otherwise a shoddy clip job with no fresh news.
Book -- Cities of the Plain , by Cormac McCarthy;
Book -- Anything Your Little Heart Desires: An American Family Story , by Patricia Bosworth;
This is not to say that readers will be come away from The Writing Systems of the World with the ability to read the Bhagavad-Gita , the Analects of Confucius , the Koran , the Talmud , or the Book of the Dead , but they will certainly have a much better understanding of what it is they do not know, and pursuit of the available material cited in the fifteen-page Bibliography could prove very worthwhile.
He could hardly do so in a book like this one.
The idea of matching a book with an accessory or item of furniture that is essential to its enjoyment could be the breakthrough in publishing that everyone has been looking for.
But Isikoff says he wasn't writing a book.
The first problem, inherent in the poor design of the book, is that there is no clue in the running heads as to which chapter and section one has turned to (unless he has chanced on the beginning of a chapter or section: only the page number appears).
Book Revue
Fun is fun, but those who might rely on such a book are quite serious about the information they are seeking, and it is unfair to play fast and loose with their sincerity.
Once, indeed, on the occasion of my appointment as a contributing editor for literary matters, I was taken, blindfolded, to John Podhoretz's secret dacha , where the Great Leader sits at a plain pine table smoking American cigarettes and planning the glorious overthrow of the reactionaries at the New Republic and New York Review of Books .
Declaring that his initial enthusiasm for the book constituted a "real lapse" in judgment, Kronman said he believes former clerks are bound to silence about the court's nonpublic discussions and activities.
Book -- Heavy Water , by Martin Amis.
So we know he's riding for a fall, professionally and personally (just as we know that Noah--the most prominent of the many characters whose roles in the book soon peter out--will have a shot at the Nobel).
(Click here to read an excerpt and to read Chatterbox's take on the book in Slate .)
The very openness and depth of her interviewing poses the first question I have about Stiffed . Is this really a book about maleness, or is it a reflection in the lives of men of something more generally applicable to American society, female as well as male?
We hope for something halfway between The McLaughlin Group and the correspondence page of the New York Review of Books . Will it work?
His book (his first) had been instantly promoted to the first ranks of the Holocaust canon.
The title of Isikoff and Simpson's proposed book, according to both Isikoff and Simpson, was Secrets and Lies , not All the President's Women . "The notion that Mike and I would be so lame as to use a cliché like All The President's Women is perhaps the most insulting part of Toobin's mistake," says Simpson.
His book is crammed full of stray data he has disinterred about Dalí's Catalan ancestors, his sexual obsessions, and infighting within the Surrealist movement, which Dalí was eventually drummed out of for his pro-fascist sentiments.
When asked to sign a visitor's book, Yeltsin "spent a few long minutes writing laboriously in the volume," the Post said.
In fact, Brock's book was quite vicious about her, attacking her in a McCarthyite vein and casting her as a Commie symp rather than a sleaze.
If nothing else, Norman should have been familiar with his own co-authored book, Theory of International Trade , which was in galleys at the time.
Book -- The Three-Arched Bridge , by Ismail Kadare, translated by John Hodgson.
The 1995 match is documented at the Chinook Web site and in a recent book by Jonathan Schaeffer on the Chinook project.
"Out of that whole book," she says, "all you came away with is The Look?"
Their book offers a history of black-white race relations since the late 19 th century; discusses racial controversies in a wide array of contexts (employment, housing, social-welfare programs, electoral politics, criminal justice); and prescribes a framework within which to fashion policy.
Phantom Menace so much--because they have so much emotional energy invested in loving it, and in buying the books, magazines, dolls, cards, clothes, soap, fast food, etc.--that the realization will never sink in.
The book "strands the reader in the musty groves of academe and mutes the passions of the subtitle," says Jungian analyst Claire Douglas in the Washington Post Book World . (Harvard University Press plugs the book.)
Pooh videos from Disney have sold nearly 20 million copies, and Disney Pooh decorates books, blankets, albums, bedding, slippers, calendars, backpacks, and cookie jars sold to impressionable children everywhere.
If you define "inventory" as any book a store can special-order for you, as Amazon does, then the selection is identical at almost every halfway-decent bookstore in America.
Gordon MacDonald--a reformed adulterer who wrote a book about his sins.
Michael Isikoff's review of Christopher Ruddy's Vincent Foster book ("The Strange Case of Christopher Ruddy") is very revealing--namely that Isikoff wrote the review without reading the book.
Klein, a professor of French and literary critic of the deconstructive variety, has done this kind of thing before: A couple of years ago he wrote a book (his first, Cigarettes Are Sublime ) in praise of smoking, in order to stop.
A book excerpt chronicles the military's history of mistreating female soldiers.
The title of The Bounty , Walcott's first book of poems since Omeros , is a tangle of associations.
, write books, and something that looks like "write eMoos."
Book -- Locked in the Cabinet , by Robert Reich;
(I might not have revealed this plot point if it weren't announced on the book jacket.)
 conjures up those racy old Avon or Pocket Books pulp covers--film noir but with colors that are lurid and deep--and comments on them, too.
According to a chronology of significant literary works, only one important book was published in the 1520s, John Skelton's The Garlande of Laurell , in which the author allegorically enthrones himself among the great poets of the world.

As one who put in an order at Amazon.com and only just received the book (via FedEx) two days ago, can't I get a chance to read A Man in Full before it's analyzed to death?
In the first 25 years, he will write "a SerIEs oF booKs ('The history of Freedom, prosperity and safety')."
Steve Wasserman, a former Random House editor who now edits the Los Angeles Times Book Review , points out an irony: Books are often viewed as better sources for history than newspapers, but newspapers, which are generally much more careful than the average publishing house about such niceties as checking quotes, are often the more reliable source.
Among a scattering of positive reviews, Publishers Weekly calls the book "a compelling novel in its own right."
I know Mike, but only slightly, and I haven't read any of his earlier books.
Plus, he has won a major literary prize, something that means a lot to the people who put together this book.
Book -- Simenon: A Biography , by Pierre Assouline, translated by Jon Rothschild;
Book -- Le Divorce , by Diane Johnson.
Book publishers have the lowest editorial standards in journalism, with the possible exception of the Drudge Report and Salon (which after putting the rumor into play in August and hyping the charges in Hatfield's book , is now reporting on the scandal as a disinterested third-party observer).
The Wall Street Journal reports that Golden Books, off of disastrous first-half results, has hired a media investment banker to explore "strategic opportunities."
[Read more about the book in this "."]
To some I was the guy writing a book.
Book -- One Nation, After All , by Alan Wolfe;
You will not hear this from the readers and judges who have helped make Charles Frazier's Civil War tale probably the most popular novel about that period since Gone With the Wind . (Since its publication in June, Cold Mountain has sold more than a million copies; in November, it won the National Book Award.)
Book -- Anything Your Little Heart Desires: An American Family Story , by Patricia Bosworth;
Book -- Birthday Letters , by Ted Hughes;
You will also be entitled to special discounts on books, audiotapes, and videotapes from the Institute and a reduced rate to participate in our Ethical Fitness TM Seminars.
(Dershowitz recently reviewed Amar's book on this subject for Slate.)
But as we know, a book's quality and its success are two different things.
Perhaps now that he's set his frustrations down in a book, Lawrence Walsh will be able to do the same.
The most harrowing parts of this book tell of Lewis and the integrated teams of Freedom Riders who rode on buses through the South to test federal laws that forbade segregation in interstate transport.
The book is informative and entertaining, but the reader should check the validity of some of Rose's comments before incorporating it into a doctoral dissertation or other important work.
Book -- The Unknown Matisse: A Life of Henri Matisse, The Early Years, 1869-1908 , by Hilary Spurling.
But the book appeared just as Newt Gingrich seemed poised to repeal the 20th century and public opinion was retreating to the view that nature is doomed.
What ideas would you expect to find expressed in a book by a liberal economist?
You could undoubtedly write a more interesting book about Rodman than you could about, say, Michael Jordan--who, despite being the greatest player of all time, is bland as toast off the court, and a tougher nut to crack in any case.
Also, it would have been useful (and not necessarily munificent) to have provided such a book with a reasonably replete index.
In a recent letter in Sunday Times Books [18 October 1992], a West Sussex headmaster wrote as follows:
First I tried to get it to load directly from the CD that came with the book.
Book -- The Dark Side of Camelot , by Seymour M. Hersh;
This provides further evidence that Bob Woodward is wrong when he argues in his new book, Shadow , that lying and obfuscating by public figures is inevitably self-destructive.
A few years ago, we published Definitive Quotations , by the late John Ferguson, a (very) small book that contains entries like, “boy: A noise with dirt on it.”
"Alone among the guru class, he grabbed hold of business and made it do and say extraordinary things" (Michael Lewis, the New York Times Book Review ). They emphasize Drucker's philosophical influences (he studied Kierkegaard and political theory), his vast oeuvre , and his long-standing doubts about free markets.
The book of Exodus permits the purchase of a Hebrew slave, but after six years of service “he shall go out free, for nothing.”
Book -- The Big Picture , by Douglas Kennedy.
Recently, I've been interviewing Asian-Americans for a book on meritocracy in America.
The answer, which occupies three chapters of the book, is "packet switching," and it remains the core of today's Internet.
After Dutch became available, Peggy Noonan derided it as "a base botch of a book ...
Finally, the methodological fallacy at the heart of this book: "If you want to see what's happening in the stream called our society," says one of Faludi's "patriots," "go to the edges and look at what's happening there ..."
Back in the 1950s, twin colossi sat astride the Hudson, figuratively glowering at each other: Betty Friedan in Grandview on the West Bank, writing The Feminine Mystique , and John Cheever in Scarborough on the East Bank, writing the Wapshot books and the short stories.
Book -- Resurrection: The Struggle for a New Russia , by David Remnick;
As it happens, censorship wasn't an issue with the first volume of MacDonald's trilogy, because Itzkoff thought highly of it (that's the book in which MacDonald calls Judaism a "group evolutionary strategy" masquerading as a religion in order to hide its true purpose--to maximize intelligence and give Jews an advantage in the competition for resources).
This is a beautiful book, one of the most striking reference works I have ever seen.
But Rowling isn't just writing independent chapters--her novels have an overall trajectory that deepens and develops from book to book.
Since then, sales of both books have increased.
The cover of the NYT "Book Review" (plus an inside WP "Book World" piece) is given to Philip Gourevitch's extraordinary book on the Rwanda massacres, We Wish To Inform You That Tomorrow We Will be Killed With Our Families . Gourevitch's narrative demonstrates the "collective criminality" of Rwandan Hutus--neighbors hacking neighbors to death--as well as the all-too-familiar inaction of the U.N.
Several other entries also fail the "history book" test.
Book discussion groups are regularly described as scenes of rivalry and hostility--of fights over which books to read and who gets to talk the most.
The thrust of the book is that we all have favorite words...
In a general circulation newspaper I expect reviews of books that are, or potentially are, of interest to a broad range of readers.
The Star reports that the book will also include "never-before told details about the sex life of Linda Tripp."
The book is after all subtitled "The secret history of the American meritocracy," which arouses the suspicion that there is something disreputable that has been kept secret and will now be revealed.
A new laddie book for laddies of a certain age.
It doesn't move the way normal books do.
Book Review Editor Charles McGrath defended delivering the spike to Cronin's piece: "I didn't like the tone of the review--I thought it was too snarky.
But he was happy to recommend others suited to the task, such as Franz Borkenau, an ex-Communist who wrote the best book other than Orwell's about the Spanish Civil War.
And, to pick another hypothetical example, if Monica Lewinsky has told Linda Tripp's tape recorder that she, Monica, had phone sex with the president on December 3 after buying a copy of Vox , isn't Starr permitted to try to support the accuracy of those taped recollections by finding out if Lewinsky actually bought the book around that date?
The New York Times ' Michiko Kakutani comes down the hardest, turning in a scathing review in which she calls the book "an airless, tedious production" that "represents a sharp falling off in ambition, nuance and vision from Mr. Wallace's previous works of fiction."
Book -- Bitch: In Praise of Difficult Women , by Elizabeth Wurtzel;
Lazarus, who clerked for Justice Harry Blackmun, earned the opprobrium of legal scholars, other clerks, and the justices for making internal court business public in his book, published last year.
When I tell old Jews about this book, ...
Though the packaging of the book is clearly meant to communicate, "buy this and get rich!" (let's be grateful the publisher didn't make the Carville allusion more explicit and call the book It's About the Money, Stupid! ), the Rev. Jackson would probably say he's preaching not the gospel of wealth but the gospel of financial responsibility and independence.
Well, they offends me too, especially when they appears in the lead essay of a book on style and usage and particularly when it are a book of this quality.
This, of course, is a drastic simplification of a complex book that tells its stories from several perspectives, each in its own chapter.
Book -- The Farewell Symphony , by Edmund White;
Finally, fictional people and places are listed in the main body of those dictionaries that include them, but real people and places appear in the appendices; as it may be assumed that users look up things they do not know, the immediate assumption is that they ought to come to a reference book already aware that Homer was a real person (despite speculation to the contrary) and that Jesus was both real and, as “the Jewish religious teacher,” fictional; fundamentalists will be disturbed to discover that most of the characters in the Bible are treated as fictional.
It includes hardly obscure current books that aren't best sellers, like The New Our Bodies, Ourselves , produced by the Boston Women's Heath Book Collective.
Fred Hanna’s in Nassau Street sells new and secondhand books, posters and old postcards, and has a good children’s section.
an illustration facing the title-page, either printed with the prelims or separately pasted and guarded into a book.
And in his 1908 manual Scouting for Boys , which has a fair claim as one of the most influential books of the 20 th century, he focuses keenly on lust (though he does not mention homosexuality outright).
Appendix V Selected Books and Articles
Perhaps we are grumpier than usual because the two-volume Grammar of the English Language , by George O. Curme, Verbatim Books, (which is more comprehensive than A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language , by Quirk, Greenbaum, et al.), and VERBATIM itself are omitted from the section called Suggestions for Further Reading.
Book -- Gladstone: A Biography , by Roy Jenkins;
In fact, the program of constant oversight and pressure this book advocates almost doesn't make sense, or is merely a recipe for frustration, if there isn't school choice: "Start hunting for a different school," they urge parents whose complaints haven't born fruit.
His previous work has involved putting books through a washing machine cycle and collecting live animals, such as scorpions, snakes, and insects, and setting them to battle in enclosures filled with Chinese art objects.
Unlike Robert Wright and Matt Ridley, who have also written excellent recent books on the biology of sex, Blum does not ground her own story in rigorous evolutionary biology, but rather lets the laboratory scientists speak for themselves.
After reading these books, I performed an experiment by going to the Museum of Modern Art and testing my reactions against the artists in question.
Grein is the central consciousness of the book, a man who, once a brilliant Talmud scholar in Poland and then a student of secular philosophy, is now a half-hearted mutual-fund manager in America.
The breathless enthusiasm of Gerald Marzorati's review in the New York Times Book Review ("not simply the finest rock-and-roll biography ever written.
Only after you have a completed manuscript does your confidence build to the point where you can go through the top-heavy pile of pages and, encountering the third reference to Bellow's occasional book reviews for the New York Times Book Review , decide: Who cares?
Book -- Hungry Ghosts: Mao's Secret Famine , by Jasper Becker;
Book -- Whittaker Chambers: A Biography , by Sam Tanenhaus;
As the book has been around for a long time, it probably works for many people, despite the fact that it violates my principle that the only legitimate way of increasing a person's vocabulary is through reading, reading, reading (and then writing, writing, writing).
Book -- Walking With the Wind: A Memoir of the Movement , by John Lewis, with Michael D'Orso;
Book -- Perfect Murder, Perfect Town , by Lawrence Schiller;
The narratives make for better reads, but I do miss those big upper-middle-brow books like Daniel Bell and Jane Jacobs used to write.
It is the last name, after all, that is listed in a phone book.
According to the blurb on the dust jacket of this distinctly unpleasant book, Rosalind Miles is head of the Centre for Women's Studies at Coventry Polytechnic, a lecturer, broadcaster, journalist, and author of several other books, including a “highly acclaimed” biography of Ben Jonson.
The blurb on this book/disk package reads, “Supplies you with 470,000 true synonyms for 40,000 entries.”
Fun is fun, but those who might rely on such a book are quite serious about the information they are seeking, and it is unfair to play fast and loose with their sincerity.
That is not, strictly speaking, a subject pertinent to the title of the book.
Its readability and organization make it suitable for browsing—even for reading straight through—so in that respect, at least, it does not resemble books in the “Oxford Companion” series.
It contains many photographs of writers, some quite early; these enliven the appearance of the book but accomplish little else, unless one is interested in what Samuel Clemens looked like at the age of 15 (as a printer's devil) or in the appearance of Hart Crane standing in the middle of a railroad track in Cleveland in 1916.
Sharon J. Parish, M.D Professor of Medicine, Albert Einstein School of Medicine: “…it’s a fabulous book.
In his book The Symposium, Plato wrote “Those who are halves of a man whole pursue males, and being slices, so to speak, of the male, love men throughout their boyhood, and take pleasure in physical contact with men” (qtd.
 is that the first Congress explicitly gave copyright protection to the authors of any books already printed as well as explicitly the owners of existing copyrights. The
reading a pathology book,listening music and wondering what movie is the one running on tv with muted sound..
book r better RT @bjbyrne: Twitter popularity puts relationships in a twist http://usat.me/?
She throws the book on the table and rushes upstairs to our now combined room.
5 billion national library in Paris, where the books are housed in four L-shaped 22-story glass towers, and the readers are lodged in underground rooms, which the London Times described as “a series of rectangular salons (identical of course) where you can admire the ultra-smooth gray concrete, steel grille ceilings and the expanses of African veneer.”
time to change books: Stephen King(good before sleep,huh?
The books of this kind that I have tried to use have frustrated me: I never can find what I am looking for.
Guber--a ponytailed lawyer and technology buff who rose through the ranks at Columbia--refused to be interviewed for the book.
He has authored more than 1,500 judicial decisions, hundreds of articles, and more than two dozen books, including Sex and Reason , Law and Literature , Aging and Old Age and, most recently, An Affair of State: The Investigation, Impeachment, and Trial of President Clinton (1999).
Clarion is an imprint of Houghton Mifflin, publishers of The American Heritage Dictionary [AHD] , so there is some responsibility behind the book.
his book, with its curious title, Investigations, seeks new questions about the universe.
Also, the conglomerates are accused of having dumbed down books, publishing titles that may be more easily adapted by their Hollywood subsidiaries.
Someone who writes book after book to refute what he doesn't understand is just a crank.
Almost none of the people you mention as writing those important books of the past were professors--I think of Jane Jacobs, Edmund Wilson, W. H. Whyte--or if they were, they became professors late in life, after having been editors, and the like, for example Dan Bell, and me too.
Ronald Rose writes a weekly column about language in The Canberra Times , and this book is a collection of those essays, fleshed out in full in those instances where they might have been cut by the newspaper for economy of space.
The NYT fronts and the rest of the papers go inside with what is perhaps the world land speed record for credibility disintegration: not only does that St. Martin's Press book alleging that George W. Bush has a coke conviction in his past not contain a shred of convincing evidence, but it turns out that the book's author is apparently a convicted felon who did a five-year stretch for attempted murder.
In The Good Life, not a long book, Cabeza de Baca creates a fictional family, the Turrietas, and uses their story to narrate the rituals, customs, food, and culture of New Mexico.
In his new book rehashing the Lewinsky scandal, Jeffrey Toobin is disgusted by the "fixation on the personal" that leads journalists and others to investigate "the private lives of public people."
Had Stross written his book next year, he would have had a whole new story line: how Microsoft was or was not able to translate its dominance in personal computers to the Internet.
The books are Many Thousands Gone: The First Two Centuries of Slavery in North America, by the University of Maryland's Ira Berlin; Slave Counterpoint: Black Culture in the Eighteenth-Century Chesapeake & Lowcountry, by William and Mary's Philip D. Morgan; and The Name of War: King Philip's War and the Origins of American Identity , by Boston University's Jill Lepore.
Exley's life of splendid indigence didn't change when his book met with wide acclaim.
Had it been more complete and better done, the book might have served as a survey text for linguistics, a work that is sorely needed.
"The importance of this book cannot be overstated" (Arnold Beichman, the Washington Times ). (Buy the book at Amazon.com.)
EconLit, the database of professional literature since 1970, reveals that by 1987--the moment Waldrop's book claims that Arthur's theories about increasing returns began to be accepted--mainstream journals had published about 140 papers on the subject.
Tyndale had finished the Book of Jonah, on his way to completing the Old Testament, when he was betrayed, arrested, and convicted of heresy.
Toys, comic books, nail polish, and jewelry.
This 24,000 word story charges reporters with just about every sin in the book, and commits most of them itself.
Somewhere, a grandmother couldn't afford to call her granddaughter, or a child went without a book, or a family couldn't afford that first home because there was just not enough money.
Even if we had some sort of electronic book that was convenient and had a good screen, physical books, in dead-tree editions, are still superior on so many grounds that they'll be around for a while.
3) The film is too literal an interpretation of a book whose very essence is obliqueness and indirection.
Book -- Cloudsplitter , by Russell Banks;
In any event, this book is well known to all who are familiar with onomastic literature, as, indeed, are other works by George Stewart, American Place-Names and Names on the Globe (reviewed in VERBATIM by W.F.H.
After killing Cronin's review, the Sunday Times ran a gushing review of the book ("it is a tour de force, a wonderful, entertaining and informative book"--Abraham Verghese).
Getting into the dictionary itself, one becomes aware that something is a foot, for there are not as many headwords as one might expect to find in other books of this size.
Their impressive account is one of the best of a flood of new books about the Cold War, triggered by the end of the superpowers' long struggle.
For its third incarnation we can cite page 920 of the present book in which colophon is drawn into service as the title of a section that lists all the typographic fonts employed in typesetting the book.
Writing in Newsweek , George Will commented last week that the book "radiates contempt for the country."
As I skim Flowers in the Dustbin for fresh anecdotes (which we agree may be the book's real pleasure), I realize how many of Miller's vignettes seem chosen with an eye to '90s academic interests--gender, thanatos, whiteness studies.
One might quarrel with an occasional comment (like, [The Techne ] might be said to have become the basis of every Greek textbook that schoolboys, in England and elsewhere, would face until the year 1000, which must have encompassed a relatively small number), but such are few and far between in the earlier chapters of the book.
, sell the most popular books and cd's at a specially low discount.
He consulted his agenda diary, appointment book to check whether he was keeping to his planning schedule.
As recompense--small though it be--for the pleasure I have got from Bartlett, I am setting down a few quotations (with explanations where necessary) that have resonated with me and are not included in that book.
It shouldn't have been a complete surprise when I walked into the elevator in my Washington office building and came upon Dick Morris clutching a book by the late Cardinal Bernardin.
Book -- The Perfect Storm , by Sebastian Junger;
As might be gathered from the foregoing, I am not enamored of this book as a dictionary, though I must admit that it is different and might well set a trend in reference books.
Besides Tom McArthur, editor of English Today, and Robert Ilson, editor of The Oxford Journal of Lexicography, I am not sure who of those attending were reviewers of dictionaries, but I think that I can probably say, without fear of contradiction, that I have probably written and continue to write more reviews of English dictionaries (and of other reference books and books on language) than most other people.
We can all think of books that we read as reviewers (because we have to), and whose achievement and message we applaud but that we'd never urge our friends to take the time to read themselves.
What baffles me is your refusal to engage an argument that I have made--any argument, either in this exchange, or from the book.
Reading the book, I found myself conscious of, and moved by, the ways in which Schickel has been drawn in by Eastwood, compelled to fill all kinds of sad, moody spaces.
I have few data to support me, and my stamina are not up to long, tedious research, but I have a hunch that media —the main agendum on many a pedant's plate these days—is well on its way to becoming a standard singular noun, except perhaps among hidebound literati and intransigent intelligentsia on various university campi, in style books, and in other blessed receptacles of holy semantic writ.
Book -- Underboss: Sammy the Bull Gravano's Story of Life in the Mafia , by Peter Maas;
Yes, the book as a whole is insufferably smug (with Cornel West at the head of the smirking line) and politically correct.
Unbeknownst to many but historians and other researchers, librarians, older Britishers, those who rummage about among antiquarian books, and other eccentrics are the periodicals published in Great Britain and, to some extent, in America from the seventeenth century onward.
This book can do nothing, of course, to relieve us of the sort of vocabulary that makes a garbage man or dustman into a waste removal consultant, but it is enormously helpful in explaining, in a straightforward way and (unfortunately) without rancor, what bureaucracy has bequeathed us.
Book -- The Royals , by Kitty Kelley;
Throw the Book at Him
Professor Tannen might be surprised to learn that one of the most well-known introductory books on ancient Chinese thought is called Disputers of the Tao: Philosophical Argument in Ancient China . Indeed, I think most students of ancient China would agree that if there ever was a disputatious intellectual culture, it was that of China in the Warring States period (circa 479-221 B.C.).
A NYT front-pager brings word that just eight days after salvaging his career from a controversy over his lifting material from a book, longtime Boston Globe columnist Mike Barnicle resigned yesterday after it was revealed that there was no evidence two people he wrote about in a 1995 column had ever existed.
A hundred books; perhaps seventy-five; perhaps only fifty.
Although the average victim of the medical bureaucracy need not have this as a vademecum, public, private, and, especially, hospital librarians should note its great value as an adjunct to the other reference books available, none of which covers the same territory.
Books
The book review sections of the Sunday Times , Sunday Telegraph , and Observer , as well as the Times Literary Supplement and the delightful London Review of Books , look to conflicts to generate interest.
Even within the macroeconomics half, more and more books (like the much-hyped new text by Harvard's N. Gregory Mankiw) dwell on "safe" issues like growth and inflation as long as possible, introducing the question of recessions and what to do about them almost as a footnote.
His new book (published by, naturally, the Templeton Foundation--a true vanity press) is Worldwide Laws of Life . As ambitious as its title, it lists 200 "eternal" spiritual/ethical laws that purportedly apply to all people, in all times, in all places.
Book -- Speaking Truth to Power , by Anita F. Hill;
More plaudits for Margaret Atwood's Victorian thriller Alias Grace: In the New York Times Book Review , Francine Prose compares the book to a 19 th -century novel, because of its "spooky plot twists" and "engrossing narrative."
In The New Yorker , Gore Vidal defends Seymour Hersh's Kennedy-bashing book: "The fact that [Hersh has] found more muck in this particular Augean stable than most people want to acknowledge is hardly his fault."
While the neighborhood is less than scintillating, the second-hand bookstores specializing in film-related books and posters are excellent.
Echoing through Brokaw's book, and to a lesser extent through Spielberg's movie, is an implicit comparison to the softer and more selfish generation that followed.
The Post says there is a McDougal book on the way titled "Arkansas Mischief."
As for identities, I suppose I could continue on the subject with a lengthy disquisition on the construction of national identities in early modern Europe, drawn from my new book.
So, when you get back, I'll come to your apartment, read all the passages about private jets out loud, and sign your copy of the book.
In India recently, I went to every bookstore I could find, and even in stores the size of a broom closet in back alleys (where the proprietors surely stocked no book they were not certain they could sell), Stephen King was the second-most-stocked author.
Next we tried those "Better Sex" instructional videos advertised in the New York Times Book Review.
But Updike, even in this book, is a great writer, the greatest we have, in his particular areas of strength--in the control of visual details, in his rhythmic intensity, in the colors and shapes that come pouring syncopatedly from his mischievous pen.
Even English address books sometimes treat Mc as a separate letter, although that is a specialized instance.
--your soul swirling down a grate.Big D, the City That Loves To Win!Come buy a ticket only $3 to the Sixth-Floor Museum (formerly the Texas Book Depository) from which scowling Lee Harvey Oswald shot President John F. Kennedy!
Despite some disappointments, inevitable in any book (even those one has written himself) but especially in one that by its very nature could never approach completeness, it must be said that what is included is well and concisely handled, useful, and interesting.
But if it's gay children's book characters you're searching for, look no further than the Babar series.
16 New York Times Book Review , that the new Guinness is so glossied-up and dumbed-down--these days, it's mainly an appendage to a Guinness World Records: Primetime TV show--that it can no longer serve its hallowed function as settler of ale-fueled pub arguments.

The Future of the Book question is one that's been so thoroughly discussed, from Plato all the way to Gass' article (unless there's one even more recent), that I hardly think I could add anything.
If you are a student of linguistics (in any sense of the term), you might find it convenient to have this book to save your running to the multivolume encyclopedia or the original text (if you have it) in order to see what B. F. Skinner and Noam Chomsky were on about.
I am convinced that there is a way to do this kind of thing, but a book is not it: the kind of associative information required to find even the simplest thing is likely to vary considerably from user to user, depending on orientation, education, age, and other factors; including a large variety of ways to access the same information would be very uneconomical in book form, especially when high-speed computers with large memories are so readily available.
Penguin, which holds the U.S. copyright on the original Pooh books, has published black-and-white Pooh books, color Pooh books, miniature Pooh "storybooks," Pooh in Latin ( Winnie ille Pu ), Pooh for New Agers ( The Tao of Pooh and its companion volume, The Te of Piglet ), and even Pooh for managers.
And Viacom wouldn't have to worry about what happens when that next Road Rules book tanks.
"[A] book as moving as Job's" (Thomas Mallon, the New York Times Book Review ). "[B]eguilingly poetic" (Albert Mobilio, the Village Voice ). As they invariably do with art by and/or about invalids, critics grandiloquently pronounce the book a "testament to the human spirit" (Malcolm Jones Jr., Newsweek ). (Click here for excerpts.)
Although the Rules Girl is anything but Everywoman, the world depicted in the book is unfortunately the one in which millions of single men and women live: a corporatized and highly competitive world of office jobs and aerobics classes, personal ads, nose jobs and diets, singles dances, self-help seminars, and spiritual fads.
This is not to suggest that Dickson's book is a catalogue of bloopers, or what Amsel Greene (and Jack Smith) like to call pullet surprises . There are many interesting entries in Family Words which, as far as I know, is the first documentation of the genre.
Adolescence of any kind is risky territory for the "young adult" book writer, perhaps especially in the United States at the present time.
It supplements GAO's "Yellow Book" (Government Auditing Standards, 1994 Revision), which defines the generally accepted government auditing standards (GAGAS), and replaces the earlier GAO guidance, Assessing the Reliability of Computer-Processed Data (GAO/OP-8.
Book -- Reporting Live , by Lesley Stahl;
) The book, they say, is a witty sendup of therapeutic literature, and it also serves as a "seriously legitimate guide for the perplexed" (Benito Rakower, the Washington Post ). Critics also recommend it as a sort of highbrow Cliff's Notes : "You don't need to have read Proust in order to read this book; in fact, once you've read de Botton you don't need to read it at all" (Richard Klein, Voice Literary Supplement ).
This book suffers from the essential problem shared with all other books of reference: however sound the advice they give, it is useless and meaningless if it is not looked up.
"But of course, all inventory can tell you--when inventory finally gets back to the editor, three days later--is how many books have been ordered, not how many have been sold."
that comments on the placement of A.D. before a year and of B.C. after a year; there are “professional” editors who are unaware of that, so how will they know to look up the style in The Appropriate Word or any other style or usage book?
In other words, the forces that brought this book into existence had little enough to do with Du Bois--although evoking him is of critical importance to the book's audience as a kind of typology about the struggle of black people to gain self-knowledge, a story that black people never tire of reciting, even today with a plethora of black bookshops and publishers grinding out books on black subjects or with a black point of view with ever-increasing regularity--and a great deal to do with the shift that has taken place within the black population of the United States in the last 25 years and the dramatic change in its status.
Penguin, which holds the U.S. copyright on the original Pooh books, has published black-and-white Pooh books, color Pooh books, miniature Pooh "storybooks," Pooh in Latin ( Winnie ille Pu ), Pooh for New Agers ( The Tao of Pooh and its companion volume, The Te of Piglet ), and even Pooh for managers.
Book -- When the Sons of Heaven Meet the Daughters of the Earth , by Fernanda Eberstadt;
The 1963 and 1980 books are both fine dictionaries, and a book that combines the best of those, carefully re-edited, with some solid, new lexicography based on the BDC , the World Book Dictionary , and the substantial Barnhart files, must be a high-quality dictionary.
Writing in the New York Review of Books , Mark Danner has argued that the administration's predilection for tough talk, coupled with its political timidity, did much to make matters worse in Bosnia.
That is not to say that these institutions don't have functions beyond lending out books.
The New York Times Book Review says her scholarship rates no higher than the "the popular 'expert opinion' and self-help books she rightly criticizes."
A "personal and poignant defense of assimilation, written in the tradition of Richard Rodriguez and Henry Louis Gates, Jr.," says the BarnesandNoble.com Web site (whatever tradition that might be--apart from the one of books on ethnicity that sell a lot of copies, to which we hope Eric's book does indeed belong).
Book especially early for Christmas and New Year’s (when most hotels charge a huge supplement) and for smaller hotels throughout the year.
The term our times and its portentous relative our time (as in "one of the most important movies/books/recordings of our time ") are rhetorically vast but temporally indeterminate, even as they become trivialized by overuse.
Both books tell that part of the story well.
In the meantime, it should be stated for the record that your own book on the history of the abortion wars is a marvel of substance and you should not necessarily be judged by the lowbrow online company you've been keeping all week.
The book has the breathless indulgence of a campaign biography ("Clint's lack of selfishness, his predilection for throwing scenes to other actors--partly out of generosity, partly out of a serene confidence in the force of his own presence ...
Promoting my book, Conspiracies, Lies and Hidden Agendas , I encountered large numbers of very frightened people.
(I'm sure you're familiar with Leo Steinberg's book on the subject.)
Considering the fact that there are not a lot of books dealing with isms, one might have expected the Altendorfs to have found that one.
Books
The Island of the Colorblind is a quite different kind of book, even if it could be superficially described as consisting of two case studies.
Additionally, Professor Aleinikoff has published several books and countless articles relating to immigration, international migration, and constitutional law.
Memorizing words is not the point of this book which, in addition to two titles, has a subtitle: “A literary distillation of The Shorter Oxford English Dictionary, Webster's International , and Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure and Preposterous Words .” The book is a list of words, with remarkably succinct definitions, that have captured the author's fancy for one reason or another.
Sixty-four additional statuettes carved into the structure represent characters from Scott’s books.
A book review lionizes Chinese dissident Wei Jingsheng, whose letters from prison were just published.
Book --South of the Border, West of the Sun ,by Haruki Murakami;
Books.
"Oprah's banned book club."
Book -- Simenon: A Biography , by Pierre Assouline, translated by Jon Rothschild;
Book -- America in Black and White: One Nation, Indivisible , by Stephan and Abigail Thernstrom.
Life and Death on 10 West , Eric Lax, Times Books, 1984.
For years I have engaged in the often useful habit of reading Forewords, Prefaces, Prolegomena, Introductions, and other bits that appear at the beginnings of books.
In other words, the forces that brought this book into existence had little enough to do with Du Bois--although evoking him is of critical importance to the book's audience as a kind of typology about the struggle of black people to gain self-knowledge, a story that black people never tire of reciting, even today with a plethora of black bookshops and publishers grinding out books on black subjects or with a black point of view with ever-increasing regularity--and a great deal to do with the shift that has taken place within the black population of the United States in the last 25 years and the dramatic change in its status.
Indeed, it would be disheartening, as well as entirely untrue, if one were to think that this book was published as an act of philanthropy, as something that ought to be done.
The dust jacket for Toobin's book, A Vast Conspiracy , says it "analyzes the facts ...
This exposé of American submarine espionage is "an evocative and important look at the cold war," says Timothy Naftali in the New York Times Book Review . Told with the color and pacing of a spy novel, the book is full of firsthand accounts from the men who served on the underwater spying missions, though critics complain that the writers--a former New York Times reporter and a current one--are insufficiently skeptical about inflated claims to heroism.
Most of the aggression and verbal abuse appear only in the movie but not in the book.
(Brinkley's oeuvre demonstrates his genius for endearing himself to all kinds of people: He has done books with the widow of Dean Acheson, the ultimate establishment figure; with Hunter S. Thompson; and with Carter.)
The heart of the story concerns two elderly gents who copy words out of old books and write about them in a dictionary.
Forty years ago Arthur C. Clarke wrote a book imagining the future.
Its flaws aside, Big Trouble is a brave book that exhibits those qualities bounteously.
On searching Bibliofind for Pappy Chatterbox's first novel, All the Right Answers , for instance, Chatterbox learns that Book Mail, a used bookstore in Costa Mesa, Calif., is ready to sell it to for $9, provided the buyer doesn't take offense that it has "writing on front fly."
In the book that he did write on the case, which was entitled Uncovering Clinton , Isikoff claimed that Tripp "invented" this conversation with him, If she did, it is curious that Tripp knew the precise title of Isikoff's planned book; moreover, Tripp was obviously not lying about her own interest in writing a book.
Can we agree that these are the "lessons of the Holocaust" to which I devote the most space in the book?
Books -- Remembering Mr. Shawn's "New Yorker": The Invisible Art of Editing , by Ved Mehta; Here But Not Here: A Love Story , by Lillian Ross;
None other than Dick Morris complains in the Weekly Standard that the book "becomes a porn novel," with its heavy focus on presidential sex.
I am honored to note, in memorium, that my friend and colleague Robert Rosen first explored some of these issues and some others of those touched upon here in his book Life Itself.
Mr. Trenité has passed away, but I believe that his book is still used in Holland.
The way it works is this: after completing an article, chapter of a book, or whatever it is that I am working on, I press a few keys and the program automatically scans every word of text, comparing each with a “dictionary” contained in the program.
We Are All Multiculturalists Now is thus the opposite of Beyond the Melting Pot --a putatively neutral book with a profoundly discouraging subtext.
Book -- Crazy Rhythms: Richard Nixon and All That Jazz , by Leonard Garment;
Dutch Schultz and Lucky Luciano are renowned figures, staples of crime books and studies.
Sometimes, practitioners of the genre can rise above its limitations; but you can count on two fingers the number of books that have migrated from the business-aisle ghetto to the mainstream: Barbarians at the Gate and Den of Thieves . Barbarians succeeded because its writers, Bryan Burrough and John Helyar, weren't seduced by the power of its subjects.
The paper found that Murdoch had personally intervened to get the book stopped, because he feared that its anti-Chinese slant might threaten his TV interests in China.
is consistent with the "Yellow Book" standards of evidence-sufficiency, competence, and relevance;
The book was winnowed from more than 800 pages to about half that length in a ham-handed editing process that would have horrified Hemingway, who carefully chose every word he wrote.
What I cherish about this book, and about Faludi herself, is the way she surrendered to the mystery and adventure of this intellectual journey.
Susan Faludi's book has two great strengths.
In reading these books, Hellmann claims, Kennedy was shrewdly incorporating the archetypes--the lonely hero, the sensitive rebel--that would later compose his public persona.
Bennett concedes in the new book that since the appearance of his first Index in 1994, "there have been many significant positive developments," and he cites them.
Books
Still, critics say the daughter has inherited the father's "gift for fine, lapidary prose [and] carefully controlled language" (Michiko Kakutani, the New York Times ). The book wins praise largely because of its keen rendering of the self-indulgent '70s.
Let's consider those purposes for which the memory of the Holocaust has been invoked, which are the ones I discuss most in my book.
Thomas Pynchon's Mason & Dixon amasses more raves, notably from Louis Menand in the New York Review of Books and T. Coraghessan Boyle in the New York Times Book Review . Writes Boyle, "Mason & Dixon is a groundbreaking book, a book of heart and fire and genius, and there is nothing quite like it in our literature, except maybe V. and Gravity's Rainbow .".
Today's expert on a stick is one Robert McChesney, a professor at the University of Illinois and the author of a book about media mergers.
The subject of this short book is the present direction of the law governing the freedom of speech.
He's already filled several commercial buildings with books.
But D'Adamo's promotional materials do quote Elizabeth Hurley (Type O), in a Cosmopolitan interview, saying she read D'Adamo's "absurd book," followed his plan, and "lost an astounding amount of weight."
A new publishing house called Encounter Books will begin issuing right-of-center books, filling the void left by the Free Press, reports the Chronicle of Higher Education . (The Free Press used to publish mainly conservative volumes such as Richard J. Herrnstein and Charles Murray's The Bell Curve and Dinesh D'Souza's Illiberal Education but has distanced itself from a solely right-wing orientation.)
Book -- Bridget Jones's Diary , by Helen Fielding;
The book has sold several hundred thousand copies and launched the first real French literary spat in years.
Book -- Without a Doubt , by Marcia Clark, with Teresa Carpenter;
In May of 1998, according to Isikoff, when both he and Toobin had publishing deals, Toobin actually proposed over lunch that he and Isikoff join forces and co-author their Clinton books.
Fest, the author of perhaps the best Hitler biography, begins his book with a chapter titled "The Resistance That Never Was," which covers the 1933-37 period.
It has been explored in books such as Richard D. Kahlenberg's Broken Contract and John Jay Osborn's The Paper Chase and One L , a first-year-law-student memoir by future novelist Scott Turow.
A good book for browsing in, giving many Scots words which have come into use in other parts of the English-speaking world and others which could perhaps add a little color (or colour) to English vocabulary here and there.
Book -- Quarantine , by Jim Crace;
The editors make no attempt to place their book within that particular context, a more accurate historical context for understanding the appearance of this book, as it was made possible not by Du Bois' dream in any respect but by the rise of multiculturalism and black studies as intellectual industries in the United States after 1970.
According to Jennifer Cast, vice president for marketing, it uses several big distributors--including the Ingram Book Co., one of the largest--and sometimes, it calls the book's publisher directly.
His hard shell, in fact, was one of the problems I had when writing my book.
If it does run, it will probably be in the back, near the ads for electric toothbrushes and the Itty Bitty Book Light.
The result: a book about an Atlanta businessman caught in debt.
(They claimed that Patten's manuscript wasn't up to the mark, when its editor at HarperCollins, Stuart Proffitt, was already on record as finding it the most lucid and intelligent book he had ever received from a politician.)
The media tycoon has built his global empire on schlock and sleaze, used heavy-handed tactics and legal chicanery to evade laws and taxes, toppled British and Australian governments to expand his domain, all but bribed Newt Gingrich and Margaret Thatcher with sweetheart book deals, made mockery of the grand traditions of Australian/British/American journalism.
(Did you read the book about the convicted murderer who worked on the Oxford English Dictionary?
Book -- King of the World: The Rise of Muhammad Ali , by David Remnick;

Nina Otero-Warren is known primarily as the writer of the book Old Spain in Our Southwest (1936), a memoir of life in early New Mexico.
It's odd, however, that in repeating this charge, the Times didn't interview the man most closely associated with it, Christopher Hitchens, or refer to the book where he set it out, The Missionary Position . Hmmm, wanna bet there was a copy of the book on somebody's desk at the Times though?
There is hardly anything he says in the book that he does not contradict at some other point in the book.
"The importance of this book cannot be overstated" (Arnold Beichman, the Washington Times ). (Buy the book at Amazon.com.)
But in my book, I told the story about an increasingly "certificate-rich" Internet--meaning an Internet where people more and more frequently carried ("voluntarily") digital IDs.
This doesn't mean the Chronicle list doesn't contain traditional, mainstream commercial titles--it does--but it includes books too esoteric for the chains and books that people are willing to pay full price for.
But perhaps the book contained some deeper, more personal meaning to the president or Ms. Lewinsky.
(Maybe it's not too late to call the book Dow 40,000 .)
Book -- Easy Riders, Raging Bulls: How the Sex-Drugs-and-Rock 'n' Roll Generation Saved Hollywood , by Peter Biskind;
Ivor Brown, in one of his delightful books on words, Random Words (1971), writes that Cuthbert had been an honored English name, but that somehow during the 1914—18 war it “ceased to be a name and became an insult” and was used of slackers who evaded military service.
(Columbia University Press plugs the book.)
An aging beatnik with a ragged knapsack plunked down next to me in the Haufbrauhaus and started raving about the "book of books."
Of these, or the many other similar examples I've collected, there is no mention in the book . The reason that I didn't mention them was that to do so seemed to me "a cheap shot"--concentrating on the ephemeral and the inconsequential--the scummy froth atop the waves of any discourse.
As she plays out the process of converting "humanitarian resupply" into "lethal resupply," Didion seems to allude (as she did in her book Miami ) to the theory that CIA-trained anti-Castro Cubans have been at work in more than a few dubious American exploits.
 a book President Clinton has read and praised--business, far from being part of civil society, leads the assault on civil society.
The Weekly Standard predictably doles out praise: "This wonderful, breezy book reads as easily as all the women's magazines the author uses for her evidence.
The way of life here in the early 20th century was detailed explicitly by Gerald Brenan in his book South from Granada.
(Most book publishing companies are privately held and keep this information secret; even when the companies are publicly traded, it is nearly impossible to find out the unit sales of individual books.)
Book -- A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again: Essays and Arguments , by David Foster Wallace;
This book first appeared in 1987 under the title, Why Do We Say.
All along, Michael Isikoff was a player in this story, and he has written a player's book.
Every news story mentions her latest book, Promiscuities (which, as every reporter notes, is written in "the first person sexual"), in which she reportedly "urges the teaching of sexual techniques" in school--specifically, "instructing teenagers how to masturbate and perform oral sex."
(The same new book that exposes Melita, The Mitrokhin Archive , says that the KGB manufactured a forged letter from Oswald to Howard Hunt at the CIA before November 22, and leaked it to American conspiracy theorists in the '70s.
Mary Helen Ponce, in her book Hoyt Street, has some wonderful descriptions about the religious practices in her family, from First Communion celebrations to Holy Week rituals.
Although McKibben's earlier books (mostly on the ways he has reduced his environmental impact on the earth) were slammed as having "the homiletic tone of a Sunday school sermon" ( New York Times man Richard Bernstein on Hope, Human and Wild ), this one strikes a positive chord with most reviewers.
That's the question of your many valuable and important books.
The result is a majestic book, filled with fascinating facts, memorable profiles of scientists, and a profound grasp of the fact that we human beings are nothing but the merest specks.
The Second in 1980 was totally independent of the 1963 book: the second supplemented the first.
Travel agents now book about 80 percent of airline tickets, but increased Internet purchases are a clear threat.
Note to the Irony Police: Linda never gave me a word on paper regarding Monica and I am at this moment reviewing Michael Isikoff's "big-bucks book."
New York Review of Books , May 14
For example, in New York City you're charged an 8 1/4 percent tax when you buy a book.
Press; as was this year my book The Coming of Post-Industrial Society , by Basic Books, with a new 30,000-word foreword.
The "Left Behind" series, co-written by Tim LaHaye, the prominent right-wing screwball and husband of Beverly LaHaye, the even more prominent right-wing screwball, and Jerry B. Jenkins, who, his biography states, is the author of 130 books, which is a lot of books for one guy to write, is a phenomenon.
At that point, we will control the industry and be able to extract the rich monopoly profits waiting to be had from poetry, book reviews, essays pleading for entitlement reform, explanations of developments in foreign countries, and similar product lines.
That culture is represented in Backlash mainly through the news media, which (if you read the book quickly) comes off as uniformly hostile toward feminism.
1 has written an elegant, seductive book that sets you to musing how nice it might be to put on 80 or 90 pounds to feel that sensual, private, fatty softness all over.
The city also has more than a dozen specialized book shops; two of the most famous are the Bodhi Tree on Melrose, which carries metaphysical and New Age titles, and Book Soup on Sunset Boulevard, which also carries international newspapers and periodicals.
Those who are not familiar with feminist writings may find it useful and interesting to consider a book, recently published in Britain, that is typical of the harsher brand of such works.
Nevertheless, good books on archaeology assimilable by laymen are not easy to find, and if the reader can tolerate its shortcomings and is not overly concerned about the precise birthplace of Indo-European, Archaelogy & Language provides an interesting march through the millennia of prehistory in seven-league boots.
The publisher sent unrevised bound proofs from which this review was prepared; unfortunately, there was no proof of an index, but the publisher has assured me that there will be one in the published book, a rather essential ingredient of a work with this title.
Between these is an occasional flash of useful wisdom, much of it pretty well covered by other books of this type (which seem to be proliferating).
Tasha, by accident or design, had found an innocently erotic posture on the couch, where she lay with a book of M'duvian prints.
"So I got all of my sergeants out, and they're all digging through their (books.)"
MLB.com >> Fans can watch Stadium opener in style: Fans can watch Stadium open in style http://tinyurl.com/dk9wte John, we are doing a twitter book group on this book http://bit.ly/6Cpcd and adding notes here http://bit.ly/B5igJ MLB.com >> No-no bid spoiled, but Burnett gets win: No-no bid spoiled, but Burnett gets win http://tinyurl.com/cmoz9w Cuba travel changes split old, new exiles: MiamiHerald.com Lopez is happy that her travels to see family and fri..
If you broaden your scope a bit, I think it would be difficult to find a time over the last 40 years or so when any of these four archetypes didn't have a level of bubbling popularity via books, comic books, tv, movies, video games, music.
In the course of his assessment of the likely impact of the Clinton scandal on the book biz, the WP 's literary reporter David Streitfeld points out that the New Yorker 's Jeffrey Toobin has performed the "journalism equivalent of a triple lutz": writing books on Iran Contra, OJ, and Bill-Monica.
But A Cool Million is, in its modest way, the most perfect of his books.
Some of Plath's feminist defenders say Hughes' "lax and digressive" verses "serve mostly to remind us of what a great poet she was" (Katha Pollitt, the New York Times Book Review ). Hughes' defenders use the occasion to restate their case against Plath's greatness: Her poetry was humorless and hyperbolic and would not be remembered had she not committed suicide.
Book -- The Farming of Bones , by Edwidge Danticat;
This issue contains 21 regular reviews, 30 reviews of children's books in a special section, 11 brief reviews, 11 more paperback reviews, and a roundup of new science fiction titles.
The book exhibits a modicum of historical consciousness; it's broken up into periods, at least.
Consilience is, in any case, an excellent book.
Having come across reviewers who quite clearly did no more than glance at the book concerned--one of them once wondered in the pages of VERBATIM why I had called two chapters of a book “What's In A Name?

Book -- The Professor and the Madman , by Simon Winchester;
Bak's book explaining this idea is modestly titled How Nature Works . The reaction of his colleagues, as best I can tell, is that the sandpile model is interesting, as is the prevalence of power laws, but that his claims of having developed a universal theory are a bit premature.
But the state does arguably have an interest, compatible with the First Amendment, in stipulating the way those media are used, and Fiss' discussion of those issues is the least aggravating in his book.
And last of all, but first in the book, we are adding something that no book should be without: an epigraph.
Dowd describes Fallows' excellent book on the wrongheaded culture of political journalism, Breaking the News as a "pompous screed" and says he has "a problem recognizing a news story."
One book in particular resides on my desk as a regular source of inspiration: Edmund C. Jaeger's Source Book of Biological Names and Terms , first published in 1944 by Charles C. Thomas, Springfield, Illinois.
Could they really be better than the books by Diana Wynne Jones, or E. Nesbit, or T.H. White (I'm sure you can add your own favorites here, Tony), which everybody turned up their noses at?
The photograph on the dust jacket of her book shows her in jeans and blazer, standing at the edge of a deep canyon (inherited from her father).
With Prime Minister Tony Blair being reported in every British newspaper as condemning the Princess Diana memorabilia industry as "inappropriate and tacky," and in the Sunday Telegraph as warning "Mohammed Fayed to stop talking about [her death] and her relationship with his son Dodi" for the sake of her children, one of the two American authors of the new book, Death of a Princess , denied being part of the tackiness.
And people know who wrote Huckleberry Finn and other books because they have learned from television and the movies.
For example, your book starts with the story of Arthur's meeting in 1987 with Al Fishlow at Berkeley, in which Fishlow supposedly said, "We know that increasing returns can't exist"--and Arthur went away in despair over the unwillingness of economists to think the unthinkable.
Despite its blunt charms, however, Climbing Mount Improbable strikes me as being the least convincing of all of Dawkins' books.
In this book, the editors have occasionally undertaken to answer questions that have not been asked specifically but might reasonably be anticipated, like, What is the difference between American and British English?
Book -- Model Behavior , by Jay McInerney;
(Click here for Walter Kirn and Brent Staples' discussion of Two Cities in Slate 's "The Book Club."
This is why the books of Andrew Ross and Douglas Frantz and Catherine Collins are needed.
The book value loss (or gain) on a sale of direct loans equals the book value of the loans sold (prior to sale) minus the net proceeds of the sale.
D. Barnes & Noble's ownership of book distributor Ingram, says Avin Domnitz, head of the American Booksellers Association.
Apparently that's another one of those laws that they never took off the books."
Michael Kinsley seeks to find a contradiction between the book I wrote in 1978, The Antitrust Paradox , and my representation of Netscape and other firms that support the government's antitrust case against Microsoft.
Book -- Time Bind: When Work Becomes Home and Home Becomes Work , by Arlie Russell Hochschild;
The fat book here surveys the hundreds of books and articles already written about Rockefeller and re-examines transactions, business partners, and supporting characters in skillful--though excessive--detail.
"He was given two cells, one of which he turned into a library and filled with antiquarian books; he was allowed to practise his flute and paint water-colours; and he was even allowed a knife, to cut the pages of the old books, although in the end he used it to slice off his penis."
Book -- Toward the End of Time , by John Updike;
This has never been more true, though, than in Grisham's new book.
The King family's spin: This is the first step toward correcting the history books.
But the book demonstrates only that taxes have driven Shlaes crazy.
In Chatterbox's book, none of these is nearly so serious a problem as that of growing income inequality; but inequality isn't the sort of thing conservatives fret about, and, in his book, Bennett doesn't.
Book -- The Notebooks of Don Rigoberto , by Mario Vargas Llosa, translated by Edith Grossman.
This book is highly sophisticated and deeply naive, just as punning is adult/childish, iuvenis senex ; ingenuity and ingenuousness rub matey shoulders.
Recently, there is more of a health-conscious air to Puerto, with yoga classes, vegetarian meals, and book exchanges gaining in popularity, with herbal tea and espresso drinks becoming almost as ubiquitous as cold cervezas.
Bush, by contrast, sees a book as a campaign poster with words.
And as he says in the final pages of his book:
Moynihan then quoted a passage from the book in which Bradley praises ... Moynihan.
Critics also say that editors, who once patiently developed writers, now spend more time marketing books than editing them, which results in the production of longer, sloppier, less interesting books that readers spurn.
Book --The Vintner's Luck , by Elizabeth Knox.
In the New York Times Book Review , Nicholas Jenkins says the poetry "articulates with dreamlike clarity not the perfections of European and American culture, but its chronic anguish ...
For the 40 volume Schomburg Library of Nineteenth-Century Black Women Writers he edited, he appointed others to put together the books and write their introductions.
We as a people must be willing to ensure at the minimum that the kids have a qualified teacher at the front of the room, a set of books, and a safe school.
The book is gratifyingly unslick.
Dunne had the best seat at one of the great comic cultural cataclysms of recent years, and he produced a weak, chatty book rather than a good, vicious one.
The book is said to display Leonard's usual "flair for characters and capers" (Henry Louis Gates, The New Yorker ) and period detail.
David Boaz has written a more stimulating, more consistent, and more dogmatic book.
Lee's book quotes at length a profile of himself that appeared in the Bedford, Va., Bulletin . It is here that the word bumfuzzled appears.
Hers is not the book to read for a serious assessment of the ideas in the many articles she makes sure to mention by author.
Barry has called the book "garbage."
Again, the form preceded the content: He imagined a book that would journey in a straight line across Interstate 80.
It was while working as a diplomat in Paris that he wrote the book he'll be remembered by.
I mean, "books," and Rauch rests easy, knowing he has done his part.
5 billion national library in Paris, where the books are housed in four L-shaped 22-story glass towers, and the readers are lodged in underground rooms, which the London Times described as “a series of rectangular salons (identical of course) where you can admire the ultra-smooth gray concrete, steel grille ceilings and the expanses of African veneer.”
Besides Tom McArthur, editor of English Today, and Robert Ilson, editor of The Oxford Journal of Lexicography, I am not sure who of those attending were reviewers of dictionaries, but I think that I can probably say, without fear of contradiction, that I have probably written and continue to write more reviews of English dictionaries (and of other reference books and books on language) than most other people.
He'd gotten the call from Austin a couple of years ago, and Bush had told him that his 1993 book The Dream and the Nightmare had been a major influence.
Although the listing in the phone book advertised the "Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Academy," the sign on the door said "Northwest Fight Club."
Book/Television -- American Visions: The Epic History of Art in America , by Robert Hughes, and American Visions (PBS);
U.S. copyright law determines who may distribute, display, or reproduce a film, a book, a drawing--essentially anything "fixed in a permanent medium," as the lawyers like to say.
But a government spokesman responded with a quotation from a second edition of the same reference book: " 'An' was formerly usual before an unaccented syllable beginning with 'h' and is still often seen and heard (an historian, an hereditary title).
Also, the book business has boomed in the '90s.
The paper section of the book ends with this general category, which includes articles by Douglas P. Hinkle, Roger W. Wescott, Walter P. Bowman, Thomas L. Bernard, and E. Wallace McMullen.
Now another author takes a revolutionary approach to wordplay in a handsomely produced, brilliantly written book.
Books
After all, Goldhagen's book wasn't a hoax.
, we get a small cut), we prefer you order the book from Amazon.com.
In 1942, at the age of only 27, Kazin had published On Native Grounds . The grandeur of the title and the immodesty of the subtitle-- An Interpretation of Modern American Prose Literature --mark it as the sort of book only a grateful child of immigrants could write.
One of the great examples of prot,g, ingratitude is Ernest Hemingway, whose second book, The Torrents of Spring , was a vicious parody of his unusually indulgent mentor, Sherwood Anderson.
The pronunciation transcrition system (see the Key, pp.3-4) the book uses follows the N.B.C.
Book -- Freedomland , by Richard Price;
The next big chunk of the book is about Clark Kerr and the California university system and the fight over the California Civil Rights Initiative.
Harben was apparently a protégé of Joel Chandler Harris, who wrote the Uncle Remus stories; Northern Georgia Sketches is dedicated to Harris, "in grateful acknowledgement of the kindly encouragement which made this book possible."
This book is a good introduction to the subject (in England); those familiar with dialectology in America, and those interested in the study in England or, indeed, generally would be well advised to add Word Maps to their libraries.
His book Dare to Discipline , published in 1970, turned him into a kind of conservative Dr. Spock, as he has often been described, eventually selling more than 2 million copies.
Both books bemoan the lack of affordable housing, for example.
Hoberman, the New York Times Book Review ). Set in 1830s New York, the book features an eclectic cast of characters--hucksters, one-legged actresses, anti-Semitic pamphleteers, a man who tries to establish a Jewish state in upstate New York--who combine to form "a richly textured, almost Dickensian community" (Alexandra Lange, New York ). The New Yorker calls it "a work of singular, surreal vision."
Lewis remains most committed to its original creed" (Jack White, Time ). (In Slate, Brent Staples argues the book's real value lies in its revelations of the class rivalries within the movement.)
Talking about the book in a scholarly way in somewhat like discussing Tolkien's works, which also contain a richly developed cultural world.
Book -- Cold New World , by William Finnegan.
Which of these adjectives appear in a New York Times piece describing George W. Bush at his first New Hampshire campaign appearance, and which are from the World Book Encyclopedia (1960) article on the beaver?
I think one answer is the rise of academia, which leads to more specialized books, narrower books, reaching small specialized audiences.
Wertham's book led to the adoption of a code of standards by the comic book industry, which included, among other things, an admonition that "sex perversion or any inference to same is strictly forbidden."
The problem with revisiting this book is that so many of Bell's bugaboos from 1973 don't exist anymore.
A Washington Post book critic and Exley's literary executor, Yardley is said to use scant evidence--such as numerous late-night phone calls from Exley from 1975 to 1992--to draw conclusions about Exley's self-absorption and ambiguous sexuality.
Not to be left behind, we've plundered the extensive newspaper archives at the Columbia University School of Journalism, our Nexis account, and even Peter Jennings' new best-selling book to assemble a more compelling--and concise--look at the 100 high points of the century.
In the New York Times Book Review , Susan Cheever says "the book brilliantly, heartbreakingly" lays out Harrison's helplessness.
Of course, the biggest problem with books of this sort is that the most they can expect to accomplish is to help people refine their use of the language: those whom we think of as needing the greatest amount of help are usually unaware of the fact; for them, looking up a doubtful usage in a book like Hook's (or anyone else's, or even a dictionary) would be unthinkable.
a word (as the noun book), hyphened or open compound (as the verb book-match or the noun book review), word element (as the affix pro-), abbreviation (as agt), verbalized symbol (as Na), or term (as man in the street) entered alphabetically in a dictionary for the purpose of definition or identification or expressly included as an inflected form (as the noun mice or the verb saw) or as a derived form (as the noun godlessness or the adverb globally) or related phrase (as one for the book) run on at its base word and usu.
There is no reason to assume that a 1982 book of 231 pp. selling for $10.
Wiley's director of corporate communications, Susan Spilka, points out that Wiley is not the original publisher: It licensed the book from the Edinburgh house Mainstream Publishing.
After all, even if some other house published these books, MTV would reap the benefits of licensing, royalties, etc.
Books
4. Not actually a book; this is the tag line from a pack of Pop Rocks which also includes the sub-head, "more action" neither of which would be an entirely inaccurate blurb for the Vidal biography.
The thriller side of the book is well crafted, and the dialogue, pacing, and plotting keep reviewers engaged: "Bedford is the genuine article, a writer of unmistakable flair and accomplishment" (Carey Harrison, the New York Times Book Review ), but many reviewers say he does not show the same skill level in revealing his characters' emotional lives.
I shop at Barnes & Noble several times a week--mostly for books, sometimes for music, occasionally for software, and nearly always for coffee.
One example is a book on bureaucratic failures, which is based entirely on GAO reports of management problems in different agencies over a considerable period of time (Pierce, 1981).
Every student would tear his book apart to see if he'd won.
He horrified the publishing intelligentsia by shutting down Basic Books.
Occasionally, books thought of as backlist titles or classics will pop up on this list, and many less flashy books that are quality reads start out on the independent-heavy lists such as the Chronicle 's.
I tend to agree with Andersen, that Frantz/Collins are the better reporters, and have done their homework--and produced a better book.
Book -- The Everlasting Story of Nory , by Nicholson Baker;
Compare this with the books written by the three other serious contenders for the presidency: John McCain's book, the best of the bunch, is not only personally revealing and insightful, but an affecting story, superbly told.
Hendrickson's book, EWPO for short, covers some standard, single-word entries, some oddities, a number of phrases and expressions, and a good selection of items not covered by most of the other books.
What wasn't scripted for a honeymoon was our phrase book, which included translations for "Is your wife/husband here," "I'd like you to use a condom," and "You can't stay here tonight."
Earlier in the book, he describes the global impact of Sgt. Pepper --when you could hear it wafting out of cars and cafes "from Los Angeles to London, from Paris to Madrid"--with the wistfulness of an old Catholic rhapsodizing the Latin mass.
I was around for pre-production and made a few casting suggestions (politely ignored), went on a stupefyingly dull "tech scout" with the director and key crew, watched some scenes being shot, and got steady gossip from Christine that I can't share with you although I might if you e-mail me proof that you've bought the book.
(The Brothers Grimm and A. A. Milne, author of Winnie the Pooh , dabble in that line of work too, but their output is noncompetitive--only one book to Machiavelli's and Shakespeare's several each.)
Check out Lewis Sorley's new book about Vietnam, for instance.
Big surprise: The opening of Asian companies' books has shown they were horribly run, debt-laden messes, even during the boom years.
Today's Papers notices that the book review portion of the NYT online site leads to the Barnes and Noble web site.
Some say the books are "a sort of Hardy Boys for smart, literate men" (Patricia Ward Biederman, the Los Angeles Times ), while others rave about "O'Brian's extraordinary learning and gift for classical prose" (Amanda Foreman, the New York Times Book Review ). (Click here to visit this index to all the Web sites devoted to O'Brian.)
Prudie believes the Tiffany Manners people would be pleased to update their book to keep up with developments ...
And when the contents of a book are attacked, the editor is not obliged to defend them or even to have an opinion on the matter.
Your review of my book Diana in Search of Herself was so confusing that I scarcely know how to respond (see the Sept. 2 "" posting).
A review of Buchanan's new book condemns its defense of "America First" foreign policies.
Book -- Texaco , by Patrick Chamoiseau, translated by Rose-Myriam Réjouis and Val Vinokurov;
Book -- The Diving Bell and the Butterfly , by Jean-Dominique Bauby, translated from the French by Jeremy Leggatt;
When Cohen is not "imagining" history, he rewrites other people's research, sometimes mangling quotes during his copying, as he did when he took a quote from a 1951 book, Murder, Inc.: The Story of "the Syndicate ," by , also about Jewish gangsters.
A prolific British journalist-historian, Johnson is the author of many popular books, including Modern Times (1992) and A History of the Jews (1988), which explore the past in large sweeps.
the book is pleasant enough, would certainly not do any harm, and might very well encourage youngsters to think about language.
This media does not include book publishers and junk-mail pushers, and no reader would take that meaning.
According to USA Today , Kronman's blurb will not appear on the paperback edition of the book due out this month.
The book concludes in orthodox multiculturalism and a surprisingly bitter estimate of America's democratic potential: "America approached the century's end as fractured along social, racial, ethnic, economic, gender, and regional lines as it had been in all but a few moments in its history; with a culture so diverse and so contentious that it seemed to lack any coherence or shape; with declining faith in its government, its leaders, and its principal institutions."
No doubt some of my animus toward the article is related to these comments about my book.
Novelists seem able to turn out a book every year or two.
In 1995, Business Week ran a story about two authors who purchased 10,000 copies of their own book, The Discipline of Market Leaders , and got their corporate clients to buy 30,000 to 40,000 more, in a successful plot to get onto the New York Times list.
RECORD -To give expression to a transaction on (or in) the books of account; to enter.
and the belief that Americans are basically a good and just people--some of this stuff will make you weep" (Brent Staples, the New York Times Book Review ). Osha Gray Davidson, dissenting in the Los Angeles Times Book Review , accuses Wolfe of romanticizing the middle class: "a wet kiss masquerading as social science."
Nowhere in the book do we claim that free cash flow is equal to earnings.
In Sunday's New York Times Warren Adler writes about how his book Random Hearts was made into a movie.
Before getting into that, I feel compelled to reiterate my perpetual complaint about the prospective users of such books: in order to look something up in a reference book of any kind—dictionary, thesaurus, usage book, encyclopedia—a person must either acknowledge that he does not know something or, at least, have doubts about the information he already possesses.
Book -- Paradise , by Toni Morrison;
Book -- A Beautiful Mind , by Sylvia Nasar.
An article introduces the father of compassionate conservatism, Jewish-Communist-turned-evangelical-Christian Marvin Olasky, who penned a book arguing that faith-based charities could supplant the welfare state.
Most important, though, libraries invite reduced expectations . No one expects to walk into a library and get a list of every book that contains the word "poker" organized by subject, title, and author.
Mailer had the inspired idea to combine the two subjects in one book.
, closing the books, preparing tax returns, paying invoices) to value added activities (e.g.
As opposed to the commonly cited figure of total book sales, this number is a reasonable stand-in for the question of how many Americans are reading nonpulp new novels.
Any difference between the cost of the PP&E acquired and the book value of the PP&E surrendered is recognized as a gain or loss.
This Wild Darkness: The Story of My Death is his final book, a series of diary essays chronicling the two years leading up to his death on Jan.
Book
The Ofer-Weitzman book, Women in the Holocaust , rightly held up for disapproval by Shulevitz, is by no means the worst of its kind.
Discussing the purely technical problem of how such a book could be written, the British novelist Peter Ackroyd asked me why I did not make mine a work of fiction.

An overtly negative review in the New York Times Book Review , by Courtney Weaver, calls the tone "self-consciously humorous"; says the wit at times "disintegrates into cutesy one-liners"; and complains that the stories are plagued by a "certain generic weariness."
Book 'em: The man suspected of driving the getaway car in last year's Saudi air base bombing has been deported to the United States from Canada.
The prices range from $6.00 (for Electronic Books in Print ) to $20.00 (for three novels by Marian Allen.
It was not located near the main entrance, as was common practice, but on an upper floor, above the book stacks.
Both authors also raise hard questions about the political reasons for the inordinate promotion and reception of Goldhagen's book.
Jonathan Schell's 1982 argument against having a nuclear war may be the silliest book ever taken seriously by serious people.
The week after the movie version of Nabokov's Lolita aired on Showtime, the book jumped from 204 to make a surprise appearance at 121.
The books use the politically verboten term Palestinian , as well as the Arab word for the 1948 war--the Naqba , or catastrophe.
Reporting on things seen and heard while globe-trotting, with a bit of opinion thrown in, works well in Friedman's biweekly Times column, but a book needs to do more than endorse the wisdom of others--especially if the wisdom is as familiar and widely accepted as that of Robert Hormats of Goldman Sachs and Lawrence Summers of the Treasury Department.
Book -- Violin , by Anne Rice;
I must confess to being displeased at Stein's having removed my name from the title page of a book only slightly changed from its first edition so that he could insert his own as editor in chief; but that was nothing new for him, as he had deleted from later editions of the ACD the name of its editor in chief, Clarence L. Barnhart, to insert his own.
The results are books at once exhausting in their detail and maddening in their omissions, uneven in tone, overreaching and underargued.
Unanimous praise for this selection of Heaney's poems, which "eloquently confirms his status as the most skilful and profound poet writing in English today" (Edward Mendelson, the New York Times Book Review ). The book includes excerpts from his translation of Sophocles and his Nobel lecture, but more important, it features a wide selection of his poems, charting his progress from unknown to Nobel laureate.
Robert Graves, who wrote a book in the 1920s called The Future of Swearing , thought that profanity was the adult replacement for childhood tears.
Smith also paid Brock $5,000 for an abandoned book project.
Here's a Buick ad, cited by Thomas Dalzell, a lexicographer of slang, in his terrific book Flappers 2 Rappers : "Stand off and beam at Buick's years-ahead style--there's something not only favored by the old folks, but termed by the younger idea, definitely groovy !" The ad appeared in Newsweek in 1946.
You can't conceive of Brookings putting out a volume of self-serving bluster like the Edwards book.
Book -- Amsterdam , by Ian McEwan;
In the New York Times Book Review , Susan Cheever says "the book brilliantly, heartbreakingly" lays out Harrison's helplessness.
Thomas Nelson specializes in books with religious themes, although it occasionally publishes a dubious self-serving version of public events or maybe a cookbook.
Book -- Duane's Depressed , by Larry McMurtry;
According to Jennifer Cast, vice president for marketing, it uses several big distributors--including the Ingram Book Co., one of the largest--and sometimes, it calls the book's publisher directly.
and the belief that Americans are basically a good and just people--some of this stuff will make you weep" (Brent Staples, the New York Times Book Review ). Osha Gray Davidson, dissenting in the Los Angeles Times Book Review , accuses Wolfe of romanticizing the middle class: "a wet kiss masquerading as social science."
And the logic is still wrong when applied to textbooks, because the sale price for a book that can be resold is likely to be far higher than the price of a book designed to lose its value.
Daniel Bell spends such an extended amount of time writing about Marx, that it's hard to discuss this book without making reference to Marxism.
Sometimes you read a preface by a writer who doesn't seem to have absorbed the book he purports to be introducing.
The book by Wolf [ 29 ] is a more accessible reference at a basic level that gives formulas and procedures for simple studies.
Book -- American Scripture: Making the Declaration of Independence , by Pauline Maier;
Book -- The Coming Conflict with China , by Ross H. Munro and Richard Bernstein;
Critics say this exploration of what factors affect a shopper's behavior within a store is interesting, but several grouse that at times it reads as if the "book is really one long advertisement for Envirosell" (Michelle Marchetti, Sales & Marketing Management ), Underhill's consulting company.
The Week/The Spin takes a dozen or so topics, from this week's election-campaign developments to the latest big book from Knopf, and analyses, as objectively [LINK TO TEXT CCC]as possible, the spin they're getting, the sub-angles that are emerging, and so on.
Book -- Jackie Robinson: A Biography , by Arnold Rampersad;
Giving this disdain a richer historical context so appropriate for the holiday season, David Bell cites some early Anglo-French contempt in his London Review of Books discussion of Norman Hampson's The Perfidy of Albion: French Perceptions of England During the French Revolution .
In a lengthy New Republic review, sociologist Alan Wolfe mostly praises the Thernstroms' tome on race: Their "tough-minded book serves the cause of racial justice."
(Listen to the author reading a passage from the book here, and read an excerpt here.)
Similarly, Ronald Riggio begins a recent book on charisma by enumerating eleven charismatic persons, all praiseworthy.
Nice books, for instance, are usually bland books--as this one is.
Rather than turn this into a 12-volumes set, they continue, we decided to limit the words included to those noted in one of our source dictionaries or used in a recent book, magazine, or newspaper.
Chat shows replayed his best sound bite: "Being gay [has] nothing to do with the ability to read a balance book, fix a broken bone, or change a spark plug."
There is a miscellaneous Bibliography, which seems to include every linguistics book and article the author has ever read, and a pitifully poor Index, containing about seventy items.
Andenbuch in Knesebeckstraße has books in French, Spanish, and Italian.
Reviewers hail this biography as "a work of deep research and intense concentration, full of archive-sweat, legwork and looking" (Julian Barnes, the New York Times Book Review ), not to mention a great read.
This iteration of the idea is called The Best American Recipes 1999: The Year's Top 100 From Books, Magazines, Newspapers & the Internet , edited by book editor Fran McCullough and food writer Suzanne Hamlin (Houghton-Mifflin, $26).

That the White House is wickedly good at PR is the premise of Spin Cycle: Inside the Clinton Propaganda Machine , a new book by Howard Kurtz, the Washington
I've read book after book by this guy in an effort to understand why he's so highly regarded by comics critics, but I don't get it--maybe it's his fondness for retro '20s graphics.
In an entertaining book published a few years ago, Making the Mummies Dance: Inside the Metropolitan Museum of Art , Hoving unabashedly recounts his own Machiavellian management and P.T.
The end of each arrives, and soon another book is published, a book is reviewed, more books appear.
For now, we present five propositions that arise from the channel perspective of this book.
Book of Literary Lists
And obviously before reviewing a book, a scholar such as Richard would have read it.
Book -- Miss Nobody , by Tomek Tryzna.
Pols such as Newt Gingrich love Johnson's reactionary revisionism (he adores Nixon, despises Kennedy), but Johnson's books are riddled with errors (he says Edison invented the telephone), and the English think him a social-climbing loony.
This might have made Copernicus unpopular, if he hadn't had the good sense to die the day his book went to press.
To say nothing of how, somehow, it's not only OK but cool to say, "Hey, I didn't even read the book in the first place," as if we could really infer the book is unreadable from that.
In her wonderfully gossipy new book about Cecilia Bartoli, Cinderella & Company , Manuela Hoelterhoff digs out some hard-to-come-by figures.
This is Templeton unvarnished, didactic, optimistic, scientific, grandiose beyond imagination: "Behind this book is my belief that the basic principles for leading a 'sublime life' can be examined and tested just as science examines and tests natural laws of the universe."

Many donate $5,000 to Imus' charity in hopes that he'll tout their book.
Michele Salcedo’s book is a planning guide that discusses everything from the dress to the invitations, the music, the limousine, and the food, including the recipes.
The executive engages in substantial personal development activities such as attending training courses, reading books, and undertaking projects in order to develop skills.
Enclosed is a corporate sponsorship package that includes a sample of your ad from last year's auction book, current JCC market statistics and an overview of the many JCC programs that will be preserved and strengthened through your generous support.
For the most part, the book consists of a rewriting of history, from the dawn of time, with the purpose of demonstrating two main themes: the “fact” that women were responsible for all the important contributions to the advancement of civilization (as the development of agriculture, for instance), often despite the arrogance and stupidity of men; and the “fact” that women have long been subjected to domination by men.
Mr. Joseph Hymes' “Do Mistake—Learn Better” [XV,1] brought to mind the time a Japanese acquaintance told me of a friend of hers who decided to tackle the original English version of three books she had enjoyed while in Japan.
Last year, in our old office, I had my only two real options books stolen from among the many and varied books on my desk.
I wonder why they didn't present their books as novels.
remember when Dubai Lit Fest in Feb banned one gay book?

The sale is an exchange transaction, and any difference between the sales proceeds and book value is recognized as a gain or loss.
Graham's daughter Lally Weymouth compared Felsenthal to Joe McCarthy in the Post op-ed pages, and son Donald Graham excoriated the author on the New York Times Book Review letters page.
The issue arose (again) when I grappled with the purpose of this book.
A few months before she reviewed Bloom's book, Merkin wrote a long personal essay for The New Yorker about how much she likes to be spanked.
Book -- Burn Rate , by Michael Wolff;
The portrait of Ellen is an understated valentine that colors the entire book with almost inadvertent charm.
There's a protest everywhere ."--New York Mayor Giuliani is either reading from his new children's book or displaying his trademark dismissiveness and contempt for citizens who disagree with him, in this case street vendors he's throwing out of work.
6. That Cuomo book again.
There are much better books by former members of the Cabinet--George Shultz's, for example--but none that I know of that is so rich in personal detail.
It's also a relief to be able to put aside Morris' book, which we both agree is a strange and wrongheaded failure, and talk about Reagan directly.
Other serendipitous singularities can be found, like Publishing Details, which describes the methods used in producing the book.
Book -- The House Gun , by Nadine Gordimer.
So long as publishers fear cannibalizing their sales--or aren't able to make money maintaining Web sites--there will be books and periodicals that are only available offline, or online for a fee.
You can already do it legally in England and, except for royal marriages and Martin Amis book advances, their society is intact.
A university culture with its versions of books and articles was giving way to the culture of the newsroom.
Most notable is the revelation that a financial scandal involving close family friends forced Matisse to quit the experimental phase he was starting and focus on more salable works: "Spurling brushes aside all our preconceptions about the painter to reveal a personality--and a personal history--none of us had guessed at" (Richard Dorment, the New York Review of Books ). Also praised is the insight into the role Matisse's wife, Amélie, played in fostering his talents.
But that wacky theory aside, the point for Lemann's book is this: He brilliantly shows how the Protestant Establishment gave way to the educated elite.
The English writer Daniel O'Brien, in his modest, more objective new book, Clint Eastwood Film-Maker , suggests that Eastwood wouldn't actually put up with Parker for a second: The saxophonist's unruly passion, his commitment to his art, is the antithesis of Eastwood's manly, frugal, shoot-it-and-move-on way of working.
While Mackay acknowledges similarities between his books and those from which he is accused of copying, he denies wrongdoing, pointing out that "there are only a certain number of words in the English language."
Numerous books target gays for "recovery," including Coming Out of Homosexuality , by Bob Davies, dean of the ex-gay evangelists.
I could find only twenty books that had been mined for citations and all were published in 1990.
Even my antagonist in "The Book Club," Richard A. Epstein, argues that.
"Morris has written a model biography of a woman who, if born a man, could easily have been a President," says Luce's friend Gore Vidal in The New Yorker . Reviews dwell on the book's dishy detail, derived from Luce's diaries.
It would just have to be more upfront about how it slices the stats and then it would do much a better job of following the serious books throughout the country, not just at selected stores.
The Times deserves to be congratulated, not scolded, for its determination to avoid pandering to the trade by reviewing self-help manuals or boosting Oprah's book club.
Book -- Freedomland , by Richard Price;
No sooner did my book start getting some attention than Peter Maas released a book that turned into a best seller.
Indeed, the Western artist who most consistently comes to mind when you look at the pictures in Bown's book is Andrew Wyeth.
Book -- Anne Frank , by Melissa Müller;
"[T]hose who hoped that the book would be like a royal mistress--flirty, flighty, zesty, yeasty--will be disappointed" (Julian Barnes, The New Yorker ). Unwittingly, some say, Kelley's dirt actually humanizes the starchy Windsors.
One of the strongest poems in the book, the that begins "I cannot remember the name of that seacoast city," evokes Monet as Walcott reconstitutes, with the help of one of his own watercolors, a dimly remembered stippled seascape in northern France.
After I finished this worthy and dull book, a distressing thought came to me: Its banality might be the fault neither of the judge nor of the legal profession.
What Gentiles would call liberals and called liahonas by Mormons, and conservatives are called iron-rodders , both terms coming from Book of Mormon images.
And if what Mr. Bork is arguing today cannot be honestly derived from his seminal book 20 years ago, this makes the question of what Netscape is paying him for even more piquant.
Can you identify each book and author?
Maureen Dowd's review in the New York Times Book Review is largely a laundry list of the differences between Clinton and her admitted hero: "[Roosevelt] did not engage in the shadowy manipulation practiced by other opinionated First Ladies.
The NYT's China correspondent, Seth Faison, notes the appearance in China of government-sponsored comic books defaming Li Hongzhi, founder of the banned sect Falun Gong.
Movie -- The Pillow Book ;
A book about the extraordinary, if messy, career of the founder of Folkways Records wins polite reviews, but it's no masterpiece of biography.
In William Greider's long book on the Federal Reserve, Secrets of the Temple (a fascinating book but, in retrospect, a remarkably ill-considered indictment of inflation-fighting), there's not much mention of the conversion of the Federal Reserve into a bully pulpit.
There isn't a dull page in the book.
The first reaction is that it is not really a book.
25--to get a copy of my book legally from my Web site.
Alan Dershowitz argues in a recent book review titled "Crime and Truth" that powerful procedural safeguards for defendants allow some guilty people to go free, but that these procedures are justified to prevent miscarriages of justice and to deter misconduct among police.
VF excerpts two new books about Michael Jordan.
Book -- I Married a Communist , by Philip Roth;

An obvious answer, which we've gestured toward in various ways this week, is just that the books are a lot of fun to read.
You buy books directly from Softbook and download them into the reader via a phone line.
"Three Days of the Condor , the film, was adapted from the novel Six Days of the Condor . I had been a fan of the book before they made the movie, and, while exceptional, I always did miss those three extra days."
More and more, since I quit reviewing books, I think that's the job of fiction.
We got the books in a timely fashion.
--Either they're just not trying at the National Book Awards, or there's a new kind of giveaway in specially marked cases of Coca-Cola.
For nonspecialist readers, the book is a journey into the unknown.
I note that William Julius Wilson, certainly no conservative, has argued this quite eloquently in his recent book When Work Disappears . And I think Reagan deserves some credit in legitimizing that notion, even if his reasons for doing so are not necessarily ones I would support.
Book -- All Too Human: A Political Education , by George Stephanopoulos;
Gifts, such as dresses and books of poetry (even that of Walt Whitman), represent only circumstantial evidence, and tape recordings of private conversations are problematic in their own right.
One e-mail complainant castigates Slate for allowing someone "who wrote a book about Jim Morrison" loose to practice news commentary at "The Breakfast Table."
Development: A Case Book.
The New York Review of Books complains that Dunne is too breezy: "This is what makes him so readable, but it doesn't give him a voice for brooding."
Book
In fact, as anyone who makes much of his income from book royalties and speeches can tell you, the incentives are all the other way: People would much rather hear about how everything has changed than about why most of the usual rules still apply.
It is not my normal practice to respond to unfavorable reviews of my books, since obviously a reviewer is entitled to his or her own views, attitudes and prejudices when assessing a work.
Anyone can enjoy knowing how a $10 bill came to be called a sawbuck (the Roman numeral "X" that appeared on early notes reminded people of the wooden sawbuck used in carpentry), or how the word "robot" came into English (it comes from the Czech word "robota," meaning "drudgery," and was part of the title of a widely popular 1920 Czech play), or how the Indo-European root for "beech tree," "bhago-," gave us the word "book" (Germanic tribes used beech staves to carve runes on).
One of the parts of both books that most surprised me was the extent to which the homebuyers themselves saw Celebration as a utopia … chiefly because Disney was involved.
A new book by Alan Ehrenhalt, The Lost City , is subtitled Discovering the Forgotten Virtues of Community in the Chicago of the 1950s .
Book -- Black and Blue , by Anna Quindlen;
Book --Allen Ginsberg (1926-1997);
As for her sister, mm could express her understanding of how difficult it must be to raise these children, give her sister a chance to vent, mention classes or books that might be helpful, but never, never make it personal.
Book -- Purple America , by Rick Moody;
In Eastern Europe, exhumed bodies have been used as symbols by political parties, as anthropologist Katherine Verdery explains in her forthcoming book, The Political Lives of Dead Bodies in the Postsocialist Transformation . For instance, liberal reform parties have disinterred Communist leaders from their mausoleums while reburying pre-Communist nationalist heroes in elaborate sarcophagi.
The city also has more than a dozen specialized book shops; two of the most famous are the Bodhi Tree on Melrose, which carries metaphysical and New Age titles, and Book Soup on Sunset Boulevard, which also carries international newspapers and periodicals.
A how-to book that sells 20,000 copies in one week will shoot to the top of the best-seller lists, whether or not those are the only copies it ever sells.
Prudie's suggestion would be to wander into a good bookstore, online or actual, and select the most appropriate book by Letitia Baldridge.
On the positive side, "Faludi's reportorial and literary skills unfold with a breathtaking confidence and beauty" (Elizabeth Gleick, Time ). More often, though, critics call the book "didactic and highly simplistic" (Kakutani, the New York Times ). Judith Shulevitz finds a flaw at the center of Faludi's thesis: She "assumes something that's no longer true: that America is in the throes of downsizing and loss"; and her focus on the marginalized and downsized distorts her view: "she should have said she was talking about class; she claimed to be talking about gender" (the New York Times Book Review ). (Click here to listen to an interview with Faludi.)
The novelist Tom Mallon, who has written a book on diaries and is working on a book about letters, e-mailed me: "I like Dawn Powell, though she's now one of those writers in the curious position of being known more for her life than her work.
The cover of the NYT "Book Review" (plus an inside WP "Book World" piece) is given to Philip Gourevitch's extraordinary book on the Rwanda massacres, We Wish To Inform You That Tomorrow We Will be Killed With Our Families . Gourevitch's narrative demonstrates the "collective criminality" of Rwandan Hutus--neighbors hacking neighbors to death--as well as the all-too-familiar inaction of the U.N.
Book -- Apaches , by Lorenzo Carcaterra.
Calibration data are recorded in a permanent log book.
In the 1934 book Music Ho!
Book -- W.B.
Gates later confessed to Microsoft that he had made an appalling discovery: Nearly one-third of the entries had been plagiarized wholesale from other reference books.
And now, after selecting my books, it takes me less than a minute to order.
If you’re pining for English-language books, Village Voice on rue Princesse in St-Germain-des-Prés is outstanding, but try, too, Brentano’s at 37 avenue de l’Opéra, or W. H. Smith at 248 rue de Rivoli.
Doctorow novel" (David Remnick, The New Yorker ). "This book is to 'true crime' stories what War and Peace is to most war novels" (Garry Wills, the New York Review of Books ). The major complaint: too many digressions, inflating the book to 800-plus pages.
This book, already reviewed in VERBATIM [XVIII, 4], is now available in the United States.
Sadly, there is no chapter on smirking per se in Ekman and Rosenberg's book.
Book
"He has a rare ability to explain even the most evanescent ideas in a way that gives at least the illusion of understanding, enough of a mental toehold to get on with the climb" (George Johnson, the New York Times Book Review ). (Read the first chapter, courtesy of the New York Times --free registration required.)
The cover story reviews a new book calling for more single-child families.
If these two books got together, their offspring would be a near-perfect biography.
On top of these bare bones, Jonathan Rosen gives his book a big head--another telltale feature of the anorexic body, as the expert Joseph observes.
Excellent art books, books on Spanish culture, cookbooks, and lots of discounted titles—many in English—are found at Happy Books, which has branches on Passeig de Gràcia and Ronda de la Universitat.
Funny: When I check out the "real hourly compensation" number in the back of the 1997 Economic Report of the President (Page 354), a book which I assume Tonelson has on his desk, I find that it went up about 8 percent between 1975 and 1995.
As I continued second-guessing my way through my initial encounter with the book, my next thought was that it must surely represent a perverse but fascinating phenomenon: a defense of Socialist Realism from the position of aesthetic conservatism.
I shouldn't leave out comic books; I like Peter Bagge ("Hate"), but I think Ivan Brunetti, who does a filthy, rancid, brutal comic book called "Schizo" is brilliant.
According to de Felice's extensive studies of phone books and other records (much of his research is financed by SEAT , Italy's telephone service), the most common of all surnames in Calabria is Rotundo , which means obese.
This has been the tradition since 1851, the year in which the firm of John Jaques of Hatton Garden, London, commissioned John Tenniel, the Punch cartoonist and future illustrator of Lewis Carroll's Alice books, to design the eleven families of four members each in their highly successful and long-lived juvenile pastime.
However, it came bundled with the obscure psych book (which still hadn't arrived from the conventional stores as of New Year's Day).
Virtually every scholar has attacked [Goldhagen's] book, including, I might add, our critic in the New Republic . Finkelstein is just playing this game of épater les juifs ." Back
Book -- Big Trouble: A Murder in a Small Western Town Sets Off a Struggle for the Soul of America , by J. Anthony Lukas;
He filmed in and around Brooklyn's Lincoln High, which is also the setting of Darcy Frey's superb book The Last Shot: City Streets, Basketball Dreams , an equally panoramic but more grounded portrait of the game's meaning to the denizens of the Coney Island projects.
Derek also co-authored a book called Economic Democracy , which served as something of a manifesto for Tom Hayden when the former SDSer abandoned radicalism for the California Senate in the early 1980s.
2) Franzoni worked with Punch Productions for six to eight months as a writer on the "Echo of Lions Project" while Punch was licensed to use Chase-Riboud's book and helped pitch this project to Warner Bros.
Book -- A Certain Justice , by P.D.
Where he tries to lay out a policy agenda, as in his recent book The Future of American Progressivism (co-written with Roberto Mangabeira Unger), I think he oscillates between dreary, conventional ideas (public financing of campaigns, class-based rather race-based affirmative action, a consumption tax) and utterly impractical ones (a modified parliamentary system, explicit economic redistribution, mandatory voting).
The author does not appear to have reached serious conclusions: at the end of the book, in a short section titled Conclusion, she offers some useful observations about expressions of humor and about the difficulties encountered by a teacher of English as a foreign language in trying to impart to students the linguistic skills required to understand English literature; but these observations can scarcely be termed conclusions, for no coherent theory has actually been set forth in the book.
They spent the day first promoting the family's book, His Name Is Ron , in an appearance at the National Press Club, and then touring the Holocaust Museum.
Dissenting in the New York Times Book Review , Pico Iyer finds Cuba Libre vapid: "The central moral question raised ...
Over the next decade, I made my biographer's rounds, like the postman deterred neither by sleet nor snow--nor by occasional emanations of reticence or frostiness from my subject--from the routine (often a fascinating routine) of poring over his unpublished manuscripts in the rare book and manuscript division of the University of Chicago Library; lugging my laptop all over America in quest of high-school classmates, cousins, friends, and lovers of my famously peripatetic subject; driving Avis rental cars into the remotest suburbs of Los Angeles and flying into Buffalo, N.Y., in pursuit of letters in private hands.

There is much in this book to inspire the reader.
On the other hand, it is an oddly grandiose conclusion to an appealingly modest book.
Top revelations include that at one point, Gingrich was so stressed out that he went off his diet, and that at another, he successfully smoothed over ruffled Democratic feathers by sending over inscribed copies of his two books.
Or, to quote a book he was more likely to have read, there was this passage in Kings Row ..."
… It is a criminal indictment, and it rightly reads like one" (Alan Ryan, the New York Times Book Review ). No one questions that communism was immensely destructive (the book estimates that between 85 million and 100 million people were killed by Communist regimes).
So what does Toobin do to publicize his book?

The book's subtitle is, "A Pastor to the President Speaks Out," but I hasten to say that it does not betray pastoral confidences.
2) The plot is hard to follow if you haven't read the book.
Weird details: Ted receives The New Yorker , New York Review of Books , and Los Angeles Times in prison and spends his rare recreation time with fellow bombers Timothy McVeigh and Ramzi Yousef.
His book "will only be read by C-SPAN junkies."
Books --First Novel Roundup;
3 raises the question of what else in his book is fictional.
Others say an order to test warning equipment was given in 1956, at the time of the Suez crisis, and never taken off the books.
When Ralph Ellison died in 1994, he left behind thousands of pages of drafts and notes for the book he had been working on for 40 years--and a terrible dilemma.
Maybe the most surprising thing about Michael Lind's book is what has not occurred.
That would be a full year before the election, which ought to be enough time for citizens to read 10-to-20 books on current issues, study the candidates' platforms, listen to half a dozen debates, and make the kind of thoughtful decision our Founding Fathers intended.
Eighty thousand books were placed in quarantine in October, then sent to a local deep-freeze facility where a weeklong sub-zero treatment was used to exterminate the lice.
Books
-like home page for the Internet masses--"Your Personal Net"--and the NetGuide series of books about what's on the Internet) into the next Yahoo!
Book -- What Falls Away: A Memoir , by Mia Farrow;
Journalist Lou Cannon says the book actually "subtracts from our knowledge" of the former president.
The Dylan anecdote reminds me that the book is chock-a-block with excellent tidbits--some familiar, most not--and it would be unfair to let the week pass without sharing a few favorites:
Book -- The Prospect Before Her: A History of Women in Western Europe, 1500-1800 , by Olwen Hufton;
Check out my book, or just about anything else I've written in the past decade: It's all about figuring out how to make what you call "the browning of the nation" a smoother, happier process.
Reich replied that his book was faithful to his experience as he remembered it, that the media were unfairly attacking him yet again, that the discrepancies were minor, and that he would correct them in a future edition.
Book -- Werewolves in Their Youth , by Michael Chabon;
Book -- A Prayer for the City , by Buzz Bissinger;
Campa wrote nine books, nine bulletins, and forty-nine articles, mostly about folklore, but also on the Spanish language.
Annals of the Former World is vintage McPhee--it represents 20 years of New Yorker pieces and books, reworked for the first time into a unified whole.
For example, the symbol “uh’ is shown in the key as representing schwa, yet throughout the book it is used to represent the vowel sound in English ball or raw (BUHbe `grandmother,' puhGRUHM `pogrom').
Book -- Virginia Woolf , by Hermione Lee;
In settlement of a dispute with the Justice Department, Slate has agreed to discontinue "bundling" its Back of the Book with the rest of the magazine.
The book's subtitle is "Expanding Opportunities for Home Ownership."
There are many passages in this novel that are hard not to read as commentary on today's Topic A. Until the book hits bookstores in a week or so, you'll have to make do with this sample:
Book -- The Kiss: A Memoir , by Kathryn Harrison;
The New York Times Book Review says her scholarship rates no higher than the "the popular 'expert opinion' and self-help books she rightly criticizes."
This horror, ruining Arnold's lovely rhythm, actually appears in that otherwise admirable book, the Oxford Dictionary of Quotations .
Before getting into that, I feel compelled to reiterate my perpetual complaint about the prospective users of such books: in order to look something up in a reference book of any kind—dictionary, thesaurus, usage book, encyclopedia—a person must either acknowledge that he does not know something or, at least, have doubts about the information he already possesses.
Readers should be familiar with Robert Claiborne's earlier books, especially Our Marvelous Native Tongue: The Life and Times of the English Language . One might say that subtitling the present book “A Book of Lost Metaphors” is an example of a loose canon [sic] — unless metaphor is taken in its broadest sense—but one is unlikely to find red herrings here: the etymologies of a few hundred words and phrases are given, many not readily findable in standard works of reference.
Apparently there are enough 18-year-old book buyers in the first flush of marijuana to keep Hunter in tequila and narcotics for the rest of his life.
Those who tend to roll their eyes at the mention of Holbrooke's name will find much eye-rolling material in his book To End a War: From Sarajevo to Dayton and Beyond , which is about his role in negotiating a peace settlement in Bosnia.
Book -- Cloudsplitter , by Russell Banks;
When assigning a book for review in other subjects, editors are usually rather careful to try to find someone who knows something about the subject of the book: it would be unusual to find a book on, say, archaeology reviewed by a rock musician and one on rock music reviewed by an archaeologist.
… It is a criminal indictment, and it rightly reads like one" (Alan Ryan, the New York Times Book Review ). No one questions that communism was immensely destructive (the book estimates that between 85 million and 100 million people were killed by Communist regimes).
This interesting, readable book is probably the most sensible work on the pronunciation of English ever published.
They echo the old question, posed regularly by missionaries, anthropologists, and linguists, as to whether women speak (or “chatter,” a word used only for females and nonhumans) a different language, a dialect, a “genderlect” with each other and with men, whether they can, do, or should speak what the title of Dale Spender's book calls Man Made Language . The answers often appear in measured, academic prose.
In a gem of a little book called The New Well-Tempered Sentence , by K.E. Gordon (Ticknor & Fields, 1993), the author writes that in a series of three or more elements, ... a comma comes before the conjunction-- unless you're a journalist .
In the movie as in the book, much of the action thereafter consists of an increasingly intense spiral of couplings among these parties, punctuated by tearing metal and shattering glass and inevitably climaxing in death.
The paucity of books in his native St. Lucia led, paradoxically, to an excellent literary education grounded in the heavily accented rhythms of Shakespeare, the Anglican hymnal, and the King James Bible.
I like to be able to reach up on my book shelf for one of Shakespeare's plays and I would like to think that people will do that with this [Morton's] book."
It is interesting to note that one of the most successful vocabulary books bears the title, It Pays to Increase Your Word Power , that is, not something like “It Pays to Increase Your Vocabulary.
At the top of the Royal Mile you’ll see typical tourist paraphernalia (postcards and T-shirts), but in the narrow surrounding streets there are many individual stores selling antiques, books, curios, and collectibles.
The book is said to degenerate into a jeremiad when Rhodes anoints mad-cow disease "the new Black Death."
Yet Siegel, a professor at Cooper Union and the author of several respected books, is too good a historian not to know that he has produced an incomplete, one-dimensional account of the decline of America's cities.
Entire books have been written about the original mosaics on the five domes and the great barrel vaults separating them, dating from the 11th to the 15th centuries.
The book, complete with 49 illustrations, follows closely on the heels of James H. Jones' hostile biography of Alfred Kinsey and seems designed, in part, to counter the bad impression left by that book.
Ravitch, who has written two books making the case for national standards, says there is simply no alternative for Bush, because of the opposition to the idea in both parties.
I haven't read the book, so I can't summarize his stance, but on one page he was complaining that students spent too much time interfacing via computer, to the detriment of face-to-face experience.

A book's reported copyright date is essentially meaningless.
Book -- Lucky Bastard , by Charles McCarry;
(Random House plugs the book.)
The first thing one notices, paging through the book, is that objects, both natural and man-made, looked larger and more heroic in those days, if only because the people were fewer.
The jacket flap of the British edition of Prisoner of Azkaban sports a handwritten letter from an 8-year-old begging Rowling to write more books.
The same book has “I dreampt and I was the dream which dreampt itself.”
For a screed against American imperialism, his book is astonishingly uncritical about the nation's violent conquest of the West.
That, however, is not the purpose of the book, so it might seem carping of me to bring it up.
Book -- Naked , by David Sedaris;
I have tried every trick in the book to keep from answering her truthfully, from "Why in the world would you need to know that?"
But such acknowledgments do not qualify as dedications in the sense generally understood and in the book at hand in particular.
Brock, strangely enough, acquiesces in the popular misconception that his book was sympathetic to the first lady.
The book, published in Israel in 1981, had, as of the mid-'90s, never been translated into Arabic or published in any Arab country.
As Peter Pringle recounts in Cornered , a new book about anti-tobacco litigation, Moore turned himself into a household name with his suit against Big Tobacco.
(The Post , by the way, makes the point that this fact doesn't show that books like "The Population Bomb" were nuts--it was because of such alarms that experts and governments started attacking the growth rate problem.)
Book -- Black and Blue , by Anna Quindlen;
As Andrew Norman wrote, in a letter published in this book on page 113, “You flit freely back and forth between prescriptivism and descriptivism.”
At the price, it is clearly not to be found in the book rack at the airport, and one must conclude that libraries are the likely target.
The NYT runs a home run business story on its bottom front, detailing a quiet change in the way Amazon.com handles the book recommendations and reviews it runs on its site and emails to customers--it now charges publishers for many of these reviews.
(I'm writing a book about him myself.)
So, for instance, Culturebox, who lives in suburban Pelham, N.Y., and works at Microsoft--where Alice McDermott's novel Charming Billy and Bill Gates' Business @ the Speed of Thought are the two top books, respectively--gets not only to spy on her neighbors and co-workers but also to find out what her fellow citizens in Anniston, Ala., and counterparts at a competing high-tech company, IBM, are reading: Jerry Jenkins and Tim LaHaye's wacked-out Christian sci-fi thriller Apollyon: The Destroyer Is Unleashed , and a boring-sounding book called The Profit Zone: How Strategic Business Design Will Lead You to Tomorrow's Profits , respectively.
(I hope Murphy's books will fly back into print on Rowling's robe-tails.)
Both of these books will find a place on the shelves of any good reference library.
Joseph Kennedy II, has garnered much attention for her recent book, Shattered Faith , which criticizes the church's annulment policies.
The book is short and simple, but not simplistic (a word used by some these days to avoid over-simplified ); it is divided into fourteen brief chapters, the titles of which will give a good indication of what they are about (for a change).
First published in 1968, the book has been kept alive by zealous readers who feel compelled to promote it, Amway-style, to everyone they meet.
Lidie equals Huck, and Lorna equals Jim--Lidie even has a mischievous young cousin who's a stand-in for Tom Sawyer--and the whole point of the book is to shine the harsh light of reality on Twain's irresponsible fantasy.
(For example, back in 1991, Murray somehow got hold of the galleys of my own last book, and wrote me heatedly denying that he was working on a book about black genetic intellectual inferiority, as I had asserted.
Disney entertainment products (this party included) belong on television, in movie theaters, in kids' books, on the computer, even in amusement parks, where there is no comparative sense of scale, such parks being perfect, self-enclosed worlds.
-- Slaughterhouse-Five or The Children's Crusade, Delta Book, Dell Publishing Co., 1969, pp. 80-84.
Book -- A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again: Essays and Arguments , by David Foster Wallace;
When I wrote my first textbook, the publisher wanted to combat the second-semester used book market by sewing a $100 bill into the binding of every 100 th book.
Kazin's conversational style now closely resembled a memoir in progress--he chatted casually about Harry Levin, the great Joyce scholar at Harvard, and about critic Clifton Fadiman's TV appearances, and about Singer, whom he had recently written about for the New York Review of Books .
As I use such books mainly as reference books, I am probably the wrong reviewer for this work by the estimable Nigel Rees, a Londoner well known as the host of a BBC radio program, Quote ... Unquote , who publishes an amusing, entertaining, informative newsletter with the same title.
Author J. Randy Taraborrelli has been somewhat cagey, but early reports suggest that the book will be full of salacious details about Frank's seven-year affair with Monroe, other extracurricular activities, and an aborted Mob hit on him.
The publication of two new books about former editor William Shawn has inspired another round of pompous elegies for the grand old New Yorker .)
