All of our Six summer camping sessions are booked to capacity (and, truth be told, with maybe one our two extra returning campers squeezed in) and we have a waiting list of 60 children who are hoping to come if a spot should open.
Neo is learning how to do froggy legs in the pool Waiting for Alvin and the Chipmunks Just booked 3 shows for the end of March Just finished taking a marathon weekend ham radio class for my license.
But Rowling isn't just writing independent chapters--her novels have an overall trajectory that deepens and develops from book to book.
The man who booked Heston for the speech has this to say: "I was unaware until after he accepted that he was the head of the NRA."
I say this not to congratulate myself (well, not merely to congratulate myself) but to ask why St. Martin's Press, which announced yesterday that it was "suspending" publication of the book, was unable to make a similar determination before shipping 70,000 copies to book stores--copies that it has so far not recalled, by the way.
convinced us to use their tickets home from Asia on a different airline from the one on which we already were booked.
I bet the studio execs are really kicking themselves that they didn't book those 5,000 theaters."
So you can call MovieFone and book your seat for the latest Warner release."
I can call MovieFone right now and book my seat for the latest Warner release, and AOL will make some money off that and Time Warner will make some money off that, and between the two of them they will make just as much money off my phone call to MovieFone as they would have if they were part of the same company.
And did you see yesterday that Dennis Rodman said he's interested in joining the Dallas Mavericks but, quote, "his calendar is booked through this weekend"?
Also in Time , "The Joy of Text" claims that more Americans are reading books, thanks to book clubs, books on tape, and Oprah Winfrey.
(He's nearly as important to book sales as Oprah Winfrey.)
Lipinski's camp quickly unveiled her Web site and booked her on television talk shows.
Two years ago, Oprah stopped booking freak guests.
Ken Bode, moderator of PBS' journalists round-table, Washington Week in Review , spelled out the case for defilement right after the story broke that big-time campaign money would get you booked overnight with Honest Abe.
She would be both victim and accomplice--furious at him, yet for reasons of the heart or reasons of power, or both, unwilling to bring him to book.
Never mind that it's even more badly edited than High Crimes . Never mind that this flimflam is padded to book length with 100 pages of irrelevant stories about other addicts.
Not only will her book generate interest among lit types, but she is also aiming for the vast, self-regarding "victim" audience.
Davis aide Adam Goldberg booked the room, purchased appetizers, and conjured the crowd.
Ronald Dellums routinely booked first class seats for his trips, at a cost to taxpayers of six times the basic government rate.
He can get you rooms in booked hotels and tables at ultrachic bistros, but you'll have to pay a $10,000 nonrefundable fee just to talk to him (this fee is not applied to charges for actual services), and you may have to offer character references.
At first, those who booked the act resisted; they did not think people would relate to a head in a box.
Well, the people who run the box office are attempting to pursue social goals--albeit in the ultimate name of profit--which require that tickets go not only to those who can afford to pay a lot but also to those who really care and are willing to book early and/or stand in line.
For starters, the Enquirer reports that for his recent wedding, singer Phil Collins booked his dog into a $350-a-night luxury suite.
Instead, the Shopping Avenger was booked onto a later flight and so asked the agent if he could use a British Airways telephone to call Mrs. Shopping Avenger, who would be waiting for him at the other end.
At the ticket counter, Rabbi S. was told that he wouldn't make this flight and that he should book himself on another.
"As Hurricane Floyd was coming our way, I booked a room near Atlanta, so we could get the heck out of here," the aggrieved Ms.
College and museum film programmers report that they can't book any films on the AFI's top-100-movies-of-all-time list.
Although I seldom work crossword puzzles, this is a must book for the crossword-puzzle addict or even the occasional player.
Don't just book it, Thomas Cook it!
All of our Six summer camping sessions are booked to capacity (and, truth be told, with maybe one our two extra returning campers squeezed in) and we have a waiting list of 60 children who are hoping to come if a spot should open.
Unable to buy a ticket to Madrid at the height of the tourist season, Binalshibh booked a seat on a flight to Reus, near Barcelona, the next day.
All 19 tickets were booked and purchased between August 25 and September 5.
If the sales price equals book value, there is no gain or loss, because a cash inflow equal to book value is the exchange of one asset for another of equal recorded value and therefore not a net inflow of resources.
If the sales price53 equals book value, there is no gain or loss, because a cash inflow equal to book value is the exchange of one asset for another of equal recorded value and therefore not a net inflow of resources.
Therefore, the amount of cash inflow equal to book value is not recognized as a revenue, a gain, or an other financing source.
Therefore, the amount of cash inflow equal to book value is not recognized as a revenue, a gain, or an other financing source.
80 The amount of cash inflow equal to book value is not a net inflow of resources to the entity, because it is an exchange of one asset for another of equal recorded value.
Therefore, the amount of cash inflow equal to book value is not recognized as a revenue, a gain, or an other financing source.
The amount of cash flow equal to book value is an exchange of one asset for another of equal recorded value and therefore is not recognized as a gain, a revenue, or an other financing source.
OGDEN -- For most lawyers, full waiting rooms and appointments booked out to mid-July would equate to a lucrative law practice.
You are advised to book hotels well in advance, particularly if planning to visit between June and September.
It’s best to book in advance for the activities, as The Ark has become quite popular, and activities sometimes fill up in advance; Tel. 670 7788, fax 670 7758.
The necessary arrangements for this can easily be seen to on the spot, but a more ambitious six- or seven-day trek needs some notice, so it would be best to book with your travel agent and settle the details before you leave home.
All the Eilat activities can be booked through Red Sea Sports (see Scuba Diving, below).
Since this is the only time many Japanese are permitted to take a vacation, it is the worst time to visit Japan, since every hotel, inn, train, and even plane is booked up months in advance.
There is a lively theater scene in the Lake District during the summer, but many performances can be fully booked months ahead.
Tickets to shows and concerts can be booked either at the venue itself or (if paying with a major credit card) by telephone from ticket agencies such as Ticketmaster (Tel.
It jams Funchal’s hotels every year; you will need to book accommodation many months in advance and pay a hefty premium.
Its environmentally-sensitive development of the Costa Smeralda is a mecca for Europe’s yachting set and August sees its limited five-star hotels booked months in advance.
You can book tickets for performances on your arrival but popular acts or plays may sell out quickly.
The easiest way to book tickets for performances before you arrive in town is through the Amsterdam Uit Bureau (AUB-Uitlijn).
You can book tickets for performances on your arrival but popular acts or plays may sell out quickly.
The easiest way to book tickets for performances before you arrive in town is through the Amsterdam Uit Bureau (AUB-Uitlijn).
The Kindermuseum must be booked in advance and at present the tours are in Dutch only.
Your hotel concierge or tour desk has current schedules and can book tickets for you.
You would be well advised to book lodging, dining, and even tours ahead of time.
Allow at least two hours for a tour — you can book one at the Visitor Center, but it’s advisable to make an advance reservation, especially during the summer, by phoning Destinet at (800) 444-4445; group tours (800) 401-4775 (both toll-free in US).
Every year these old neighborhoods are reduced as the capital relentlessly reconstructs itself, but it’s still possible to book a guided pedicab tour of the hutongs.
Often reserved in part for package tours, these ships are also open to independent travelers, and staterooms can even be booked in advance overseas with such lines as Victoria Cruises.

You can tour the house and its extensive gardens, but you must book in advance.
