Pat Bray Director of Development
Valery De Long Director of Development
One of the areas we've decided to focus on is development.
The community initiatives committee is working with our development office to put together a long-range fundraising plan that will ultimately bring more money into our centers.
Your financial support of the development process is just one step in making CCI a stronger, more efficient and ultimately more effective federation of service providers.
Social Development and Recreation for children, youth and adults.
Better yet, most of these services occur in cooperation with private and public agencies from all over the city - CICOA The Access Network, Goodwill Industries, Indianapolis Housing Agency, City of Indianapolis, Indianapolis Private Industry Council, Family and Social Services administration, OTC, Indy Parks, and numerous community development corporations, neighborhood organizations, and churches, to name just a few.
Valery De Long Director of Development
As you begin that process this year, I would like to ask you to consider helping young people in Marion County toward more positive youth development by becoming a supporter of the Marion County Commission on Youth, Inc.
We have met with a number of successes along the way, most notably the Summer Fun Line, the Metro Summer Bus Pass, and the development of ten neighborhood youth councils.
---- the development of community-wide supports for the positive growth of all Marion County young people.
In the last several years, the business and corporate community has recognized that the positive development of youth is directly related to the development of a competent workforce.
In the last several years, the business and corporate community has recognized that the positive development of youth is directly related to the development of a competent workforce.
This money maintains the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships.
It will also be used to help maintain the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships, including volunteer orientation and training and ongoing supervision and support by a professional staff.
Salvation--hers and that of the destitute she rescued from the gutters--was her aim, not economic or social development as many others understand it, she said."
The top nonlocal story at the Washington Post is the latest development in the Indonesian economic crisis--a rare and boosterish Suharto press conference in contrast to a further plunging stock market and food riots in outlying towns.
The Romans ruled a pagan empire, but the Aegean had an important influence on the early development of Christianity.
Jerusalem’s mayor, Teddy Kollek, spent the next 25 years orchestrating a vast program of development, adding new cultural institutions and parks and instituting neighborhood restoration projects while tirelessly me diating the concerns of Jerusalem’s many communities.
Today, as always, Jerusalem is a city of controversies: religious Jews in conflict with secular Jews; Palestinians calling for independence; many residents protesting a wave of high-rise development that many claim will turn the Holy City into a holy megalopolis.
For the most part, the book consists of a rewriting of history, from the dawn of time, with the purpose of demonstrating two main themes: the “fact” that women were responsible for all the important contributions to the advancement of civilization (as the development of agriculture, for instance), often despite the arrogance and stupidity of men; and the “fact” that women have long been subjected to domination by men.
The choice between the prevailing theory and Renfrew's depends on whether one accepts a “wave” theory, first promulgated more than a hundred years ago by Johnanes Schmidt, a German linguist, or one of indigenous development.
Pottery finds can be interpreted to support either the imposition of an elite culture from Turkmenia or a late development of the Indus civilization.
GABA is a well-documented neurotrophic agent involved in brain development [ 27 28 29 30 ] . Most of the work done on the effects of GABA and neural development has been done on embryos and embryonic tissue well past the neural tube stage [ 27 31 32 ] . However, there is evidence of glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD) and GABA receptor expression about the time of neural tube formation [ 27 ] . Given that GABA is important to neural development, and the early developmental time frame of the GABA system, it is logical that agents active at the GABA receptor (ethanol, BDZs) can have adverse consequences on CNS development.
The initial development and partial differentiation of hair cells in Brn3c mutants could possibly lead to some neurotrophin expression in these cells to sustain sensory neurons through embryonic development and beyond.
This finding is consistent with our prediction that, compared to ARIX, the genes mutated in CFEOM1 may have a more restricted function in the development of nIII and that their expression may actually be regulated by ARIX.
Danny R. Dean Director of Development
In other states, the very development and implementation of such initiatives may require reconfiguration of organizational relationships and service areas.
In fact, developments in bra construction and embellishment speeded up when not wearing them became a natural right instead of a questionable perversion and wearing them became a sensual experience instead of a social duty.
However, the program is still quite competitive, and the project would probably have to involve testing as well as development.
Five km (3 miles) south of the town, protected only by a couple of cypresses from an incongruous wilderness of highways and bleak urban development, stands the lovely church of Sant’Apollinare in Classe (549).
Future in vivo studies combining estradiol and selected interleukins may further elucidate how the network of signals from the marrow microenvironment influences both Ocl development and Ocl function.
Finally, we hypothesized that a daily injection of the beta-adrenergic antagonist propanolol would significantly reduce the development of ventricular hypertrophy.
In this way wild type laterals resemble fz mutant wing cells [ 5 ] . Thus, early in their development laterals are not close to the junctional complex or the prominent cortical cytoskeleton at the cell periphery and are unlikely to be getting any orientation guidance in this way.
4: Development Progress 76 Figure II.
Our analysis of the data was used as a basis to develop indicators of each program's development efficiencies and detailed questions to discuss product design and manufacturing practices.
Today's development is that the country's spy agency will help ensure compliance.
To this end, on June 21, his representatives provided us with 77 pages of miscellaneous documents purporting to relate to direct and indirect costs incurred in the development of the National Energy Policy.
Yates has done little for the economic development of our district.
As a result, programs often pass through each development phase and into production with an unstable design and insufficient knowledge about critical manufacturing processes and product reliability.
A number of distal protection devices that aim to reduce or eliminate distal embolization during percutaneous coronary and carotid interventions are under development (Table 1).
Negative mutations of HSC70 in the nervous system of Drosophila larvae resulted in both developmental defects and lethality [ 31 ] . The increased HSC70 gene expression during trophoblastic elongation is temporally associated with neural tube development in pig conceptuses.
Some of the recent development is rather unattractive, but there are a number of excellent resort hotels providing just about everything you could want for a beach vacation.
With the support of people like you, the ill School of Dentistry has funded scholarships for deserving students, research and professional development opportunities for faculty, and a computer network for the entire school.
SAHH may have significant impact on the conceptuses ability to use folates during this transitional stage of development.
This report addresses how DOD can manage its weapon system acquisition process to ensure important knowledge about a system's design, critical manufacturing processes, and reliability is captured and used to make informed and timely decisions before committing to substantial development and production investments.
Together, RA and WS did many experiments which, although invisible here, are essential to the development of this project.
This framework limited the design challenge for any one new product development by allowing risky technology, design, or manufacturing requirements to be deferred until a future generation of the product.
The apparent lack of response of genital fibroblasts to androgen in vitro , despite expression of a normal AR, has important implications for future research in defining the role of androgen in genital development and the pathogenesis of ambiguous genitalia.
In addition, a progesterone receptor knockout mouse model affects only female mice with reported effects limited to organs of reproduction causing anovulation, uterine hyperplasia and inflammation, limited mammary development and impaired sexual behavior [ 58 ] . There was no noticeable difference in phenotype in the Lifr -/- pups due to gender following any of the treatments (data not shown).
After three years of development in the field, LSC's State Planning Initiative was formally launched in 1998.
In particular, the identities of five Antennapedia -like homeobox genes have been disclosed from both our and the Spanish asexual strains [ 11 26 ] . These findings imply that PEVE may affect other asexual strains of planaria, thus paving the way for the development of transgenic planaria using the planarian viral sequences as vectors for introduction of exogenous DNA into planarian cells.
This report looks at the core of the acquisition process, specifically product development and ways to successfully design and manufacture the product.
I think that a major part of the explanation lies in the development of economic theory over the past couple of decades and a somewhat dysfunctional response of the profession to those developments.
The Clean Energy Future scenarios have been criticized on several grounds: assumed changes in consumer behavior that are not consistent with historic behavior patterns, results from research and development funding increases that have not occurred, and voluntary and information programs for which there is no analytic basis for evaluating the impacts.
It heralded the first great phase of development in science and architecture; hieroglyphs were developed and the first great building phase took place.
A chronological structure would have directly juxtaposed Jespersen with Woolf and then enabled the reader to find a way through the developments in the debate, giving a more coherent picture of the broadening issues.
Because of the complex interdependence of TEC and thymocyte differentiation, defects in fetal TEC development can be caused either directly by cell-autonomous TEC differentiation defects, or indirectly by defective thymocyte maturation.
Several other HMG-box proteins also play important roles in lymphocyte development [ 17 ] . Mice doubly deficient in lymphocyte enhancement factor-1 (LEF-1) and T cell factor-1 (TCF-1) have a complete block in development of T cells [ 18 19 ] , while deficiency of SRY-box containing protein 4 (SOX-4) in mice results in a lack of pro-B cell expansion and mild perturbation of thymocyte development [ 20 ] . Unlike these HMG-box proteins, however, we find that the HMG-box of TOX is more closely related to the DNA binding domain of sequence-independent HMG-box proteins.
Finally, we tested whether putatively diapausing embryos could resume development and hatch earlier than the reported 100 days [ 8 ] by transferring embryos from 0-4°C to 16°C at day 49 and tracking their development.
Maternal adrenalectomy worsens the osteopenia, while maternal hormone suppression through RU486 improves the presumed GC related phenotypes: osteopenia, skeletal muscle integrity and glial development.
How did experienced radio and TV people of both genders turn into Valley Girls, and do you know where this annoying development came from?
HD proteins are involved in the control of development and differentiation in many organisms [ 3 4 ] . Initially discovered in Drosophila , mutations of the HB in homeobox genes result in vast morphologic abnormalities [ 3 ] . Subsequently, homologous HB genes have been cloned in many species including humans [ 5 6 7 ] .
AA participated in the design of the study, instrument development, and methodology.
Since then, this individual's responsibilities for information security policy development and awareness, which had previously been handled on a part-time basis, have evolved into a full-time "awareness manager position" in the organization's central security group.
The extent to which epithelial cells are stimulated to differentiate by mesenchymal cells is dependent on the extent to which the particular tissue differentiates during the critical period of development [ 9].
This could be a chance event, or may result from selection for certain X-linked alleles during embryonic development, as has been described in carriers of X-linked immunodeficiencies [ 17].
Wild-type levels of BMP4 are important for normal development of the anterior and posterior segments.
East on Front Street, out of Hamilton yet only a few minutes walk from the shops and restaurants of the town center, is the Bermuda Underwater Exploration Institute, which celebrates the important part Bermuda has played in the development of this fledgling science and sport.
Development
LSC has awarded the State Support Center a Technology Integration Grant for development of web-based pro se assistance with tutorials for victims of domestic violence.
Lama, which translates as "superior one," is a title officially extended only to the few dozen Tibetan Buddhist monks who have achieved the highest level of spiritual development.
The process of generating these secondary structure diagrams occurs in parallel with the development of the sequence alignments.
Moreover, both scenarios reflected increased spending for research and development and other programs designed to accelerate the development and deployment of low-carbon, energy efficient technologies.
Total project engineering costs average 20 percent of TPC (in addition to design costs discussed above, includes planning, development, and project management costs).
To increase physician knowledge of new developments in palliation and their level of clinical competence in end-of-life care, the Institute for Ethics at the American Medical Association, with support from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, embarked on the Education for Physicians on End-of-life Care (EPEC) Project.
As discussed below, the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) submitted the proposed Amendments to Regulation X to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for review as a "significant regulatory action" under Executive Order 12866.
In addition, I-4 maintains alliances with leading research organizations, such as SRI International and Kent Ridge Digital Labs, to stay abreast of the latest technical, communications, legal, and economic developments.
RU486 administration during late gestation results in improved development of bone, skeletal muscle, and glial cells in LIFR null fetuses.
The Inupiat Inuit, who hunt whale, seal, and fish, favor development on the coastal plain--but not offshore continental shelf drilling.
In this manner we have identified several genes potentially involved in grain filling, and evaluate them by comparison with grain filling genes identified in an earlier study [ 1 ] . These genes have similar expression profiles showing significant differential expression during rice grain development and tissue specificity to panicle and grain.
DOD has made improvements in its acquisition policy by incorporating guidance for evolutionary acquisition, creating guidelines for the development of a basic product that can be upgraded with additional capabilities as technologies present themselves.
Better, perhaps, to sort things out thoroughly in the short run, and to prevent even greater devastation for all concerned down the road--even if that means suffering a few casualties, or opening ourselves up to the charge of imperialism.NomadNet, a page on "Somalia, Peacekeeping, Relief & Economic Development Issues" run by Michael Maren, has been shut down, but its archives are still open.
Of the factors that contribute to specifying cell fate during development, Wnt proteins are among the most attractive candidates to use in such in vitro experiments.
The commercial companies GAO visited used the evolutionary approach as their method for product development.
It identifies best practices to facilitate this decision making at two critical junctures-transition from system integration to system demonstration during product development and then transition into production.
Such investments will be measured in terms of expenses incurred for certain education and training programs; federally financed research and development; and federally financed but not federally owned property, such as bridges and roads.
The genetic data strongly suggest that GABA acts through GABA A receptors to modulate the development of this tissue.
providing analysis and other support concerning the effectiveness of investments in communities and economic development;
Though controversial, the theory that genes and peers play pivotal roles in development cannot be dismissed.
Now it passes as a synonym for indecent, obscene , or gross (three words that have also gone through some downward sense development).
This suggests that the development of future guidelines should take YHL or other measures of quality of life into account.
Second, patients with Q-wave myocardial infarction were not eligible for enrollment because it was felt that statins would not influence the development of important prognostic determinants such as left ventricular systolic dysfunction, ventricular arrhythmias or mechanical complications [ 5 ] . Nevertheless, patients who develop electrocardiographic Q-waves represent a substantial proportion of all patients with myocardial infarction.
Understanding the enzymatic mechanisms of the NTPDases will help description of their physiological functions, and development of strategies to regulate the functions of the enzymes.
GABA signaling plays several roles in neuronal development.
Early in CNS development, GABA can modulate neuron progenitor proliferation as well as neuron migration, survival and differentiation [ 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14].
Later, during postnatal development, normal GABAergic input is required for activity-dependent plasticity in the visual cortex as shown in the Gad2 knockout mouse [ 15, 16].
In addition to these functions in the developing CNS, GABA signaling is also required for the normal development of non-neural tissues.
Targeted mutations of the Gad1 gene lead to defective development of the secondary palate [ 17, 18].
The cleft palate phenotype of the Gad1 mutants suggests the involvement of GABA-mediated signals in the normal development and differentiation of a structure derived from the oral epithelium and neural crest ecto-mesenchyme.
This intriguing genetic evidence indicates a role for GABA-mediated signaling in the development of a non-neural structure, the secondary palate.
The potential for this pathway to be involved in the early development of additional non-neural tissues has not yet been thoroughly explored [ 23].
The earlier activation of Gad1 in the forelimb reflects the normal temporal order of events in limb development.
Expression was activated in a posterior to anterior (towards the nose) progression in the lateral nasal and maxillary rows, reflecting the pattern of vibrissal development [ 29].
The expression results reported here show that Gad1 was activated in several tissues outside of the central nervous system during mouse development.
As development proceeded Gad1 was detected in pharyngeal endoderm and in the ectodermal placodes of the vibrissae.
During embryogenesis, post-transcriptional regulation occurs by alternative splicing during embryonic development in rats and mice [ 32, 33].
Previously reported sites of embryonic Gad1 expression outside of the brain and spinal cord during rodent development include the lens fibers and the olfactory pit [ 38, 39].
Our results document localized expression of Gad1 at additional non-CNS sites in the mouse embryo, suggesting a potential role for GABA signaling in the development of these structures.
The genetic data strongly suggest that GABA acts through GABA A receptors to modulate the development of this tissue.
The localized and dynamic expression pattern of Gad1 suggests a wider role for GAD and GABA in the development of non-neural tissues than was previously known.
p>Joe Hillings@ENRON 09/08/99 02:52 PM To: Joe Hillings/Corp/Enron@Enron cc: Sanjay Bhatnagar/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Terence H Thorn/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Ashok Mehta/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, John Ambler/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Steven J Kean/HOU/EES@EES, Jeffrey Sherrick/Corp/Enron@Enron Subject: Re: India And The WTO Services Negotiation <\p>
p>Joe Hillings@ENRON 09/08/99 02:52 PM To: Joe Hillings/Corp/Enron@Enron cc: Sanjay Bhatnagar/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Terence H Thorn/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Ashok Mehta/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, John Ambler/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Steven J Kean/HOU/EES@EES, Jeffrey Sherrick/Corp/Enron@Enron Subject: Re: India And The WTO Services Negotiation <\p>
p>Joe Hillings 09/08/99 11:57 AM To: Sanjay Bhatnagar/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT cc: Terence H Thorn/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Ashok Mehta/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, John Ambler/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Steven J Kean/HOU/EES@EES, Jeffrey Sherrick/Corp/Enron@Enron (bcc: Joe Hillings/Corp/Enron) Subject: India And The WTO Services Negotiation <\p>
p>Joe Hillings 09/08/99 11:57 AM To: Sanjay Bhatnagar/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT cc: Terence H Thorn/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Ashok Mehta/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, John Ambler/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Steven J Kean/HOU/EES@EES, Jeffrey Sherrick/Corp/Enron@Enron (bcc: Joe Hillings/Corp/Enron) Subject: India And The WTO Services Negotiation <\p>
p>Joe Hillings 09/08/99 11:57 AM To: Sanjay Bhatnagar/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT cc: Terence H Thorn/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Ashok Mehta/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, John Ambler/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Steven J Kean/HOU/EES@EES, Jeffrey Sherrick/Corp/Enron@Enron (bcc: Joe Hillings/Corp/Enron) Subject: India And The WTO Services Negotiation <\p>
We would propose lifting the cap by=20 offering amendments to SB27X, which is designed to facilitate development o= f=20 distributed generation.
on-site=018) generation that is 50 MWs= or=20 greater must receive certification from the California Energy Commission an= d=20 therefore face all of the impediments to development that large-scale=20 generation faces.
While rethinking the plans will delay the original rebuilding schedule slightly, it does not need to stall progress if the governor keeps the pressure on the Lower Manhattan Development Corp.
Within the next few weeks the Lower Manhattan Development Corp.
These revisions reflect two major developments: (1) our equity trading activities have been extended into the United Kingdom, and (2) in an effort to streamline the information flow process, the "Review Team" will play a more centralized role, so that the role of the "Resource Group" is no longer necessary.You are required to become familiar with, and to comply with, the Policies and Procedures.
Virtually every child psychologist knows that mother/child bonding is essential for the development of empathy and social abilities, the awareness of the consequences of one's actions, and the learning of conflict resolution by non-violent means.
This process leads to the development of what can be broadly termed culture: a group of people joined by characteristics, traits, and beliefs comes to view themselves as sharing a distinct identity, discernible from that of those “outside” them, those who do not belong.
Language plays a complex and integral role in the development and redefinition of an identity, particularly when that identity has been oppressed and subsumed by a dominant other for as long as that of the indigenous peoples in Latin America has. In particular I will examine two divergent yet remarkably parallel cases, that of the Maya in Guatemala and the Nasa and Guambiano peoples of Colombia.
The growth in popularity and militarism of these popular leftist movements is intertwined with the development of the indigenous revitalization movements.
Pan-Mayanism has succeeded in part due to its focus on issues of ethnicity; it largely avoids specifically political overtones, instead concentrating on the development of the reemerging Mayan culture (England 2003: 734).
The CRIC, which focuses on language development and renewal, is primarily representative of the Nasa peoples (Jackson 2003: 82).
The translation of the Colombian constitution sparked the development of neologisms, as the goal of the translators was not to provide a direct translation of the constitution, but to recapture its spirit in a native, rather than Western discourse (Gow and Rappaport 2002: 58-59).
Efforts towards development, then, cannot endanger traditional culture and values, for fear of losing cultural legitimacy (Jackson 1995: 5).
Sonograms allow doctors to estimate the fetus's weight, which correlates with the lungs' development, and to look for signs--such as the development of functioning eyelids and creases in the skin--that coincide with the onset of a functioning respiratory system.
Sonograms allow doctors to estimate the fetus's weight, which correlates with the lungs' development, and to look for signs--such as the development of functioning eyelids and creases in the skin--that coincide with the onset of a functioning respiratory system.
As the example shows, the development section is divided into three subsections; the first and third subsections draw their thematic material from the first theme group, and the second subsection involves new material not drawn from the exposition.
Hence, on either side of the middle section of the development we have the alternation FTG-STG-FTG which makes the overall form, with the exception of the Introduction, symmetric.
The trombone motive in measures 134-141, shown in Example 12, is the subject of the fugato section in part 3 of the development, although its importance is downplayed here.
As mentioned, the development is divided into three subsections.
In Example 2, the entire development section is represented by exactly three pitches, and indeed each subsection is associated with one of these three pitches as its tonal center—none of these pitches is involved in the structural whole-tone descent.
As Paul Wilson states, the development “is, for Bartók’s music, developmental in a relatively conventional way”; the themes from the exposition are expanded and modified, and tonalities other than those expected arise.
The only slight abnormality, though it is certainly not unheard of even in classical-period sonata movements, is the emergence of a new theme in the second section of the development.
The first section of the development, measures 231-271, begins with a big D-minor chord which immediately establishes D as the tonal center for the section.
The passage beginning at measure 248, shown in Example 13, can be considered to be the “theme” of this section, and is a development of the second head motive of the first theme.
The second section of the development is in C♯ (which is sometimes spelled D♭).
The arrival at C♯ was foreshadowed by the first two measures of the development (Example 15), which are almost a direct transposition of the two head motives of the first theme to C♯.
Because of its emphasis here in the development section and its position as leading to B in the second theme group, we could conceive of C# as a sub-dominant in this movement.
The third section of the development takes the trombone motive from the transition between the first and second sections of the exposition shown in Example 12, transposed to begin on F, and turns it into a fugato sequence, reproduced in Example 17.
Both B♭ and A♭ are chromatic neighbors to A, which intensifies the arrival on A, and brings out the fact that the appearance of A continues the large-scale whole-tone descent that has been left stranded on B for the entire development section.
Long-continued tilting in a cross-valley direction will cause lateral erosion and the development of an asymmetrical valley and drainage network.
The new environment suggests a shift from pre-ordained and linear development to perpetually changing career paths and possibilities.
In the process of enacting their careers, individuals engage in reinforcing the cohesive social patterns of the industry which serve to guide the stages of their development.
Just as careers can be traced in the Valley through the development of technology and tightly knit project teams, in film a clear pattern also emerges that reveals micro-level organising shaping macro activity.
It is fundamental to boundaryless careers in that people are ultimately responsible for their own development.
This development includes community-building that will influence the make-up and effectiveness of future project teams.
We need help to supplement the funds raised by Alaskans For Wildlife for careful polling, the development of voter education spots for television, radio and newspapers, the placement of those ads, and “get-out-the-vote” efforts on election day.
Under current law, the necessary reductions would be achieved through the development of individual state plans.
The "National Climate Change Technology Initiative" will accelerate priority research and the application of advanced energy and sequestration technologies, recognizing that the real answer to addressing climate change in the long term lies in the development and global introduction of such technologies in this century.
However, they do the right thing when they invite readers to sign up for emails that will deliver "the latest developments".
Fossils tell an obscure story of man’s slow and sporadic development.
Surrounded by acres of farmland hewn from the hard desert, the adobe fort became a focal point for the development of Las Vegas for the next fifty years.
Woods also thought that maybe it was caused by something in the development of the embryo.
 but all of the history of the development of these clauses suggests that -- and this Court has indicated in its decisions with respect to copyright, that the Framers were concerned and the Congress is legitimately concerned not just in providing the spark of creativity, but to make sure that that's distributed widely and available, and there may be many reasons why -- we're -- we -- And
To be sure, automated selection of and translation to a registered MIME charset is a non-trivial task, and mailers which are trying to adopt MIME right away cannot be faulted for deferring development of such functionality for a while.
and mailers which are trying >to adopt MIME right away cannot be faulted for deferring >development of such functionality for a while.
Ralph Youngen, Associate Director, Electronic Product Development for AMS has accepted the invitation to join the group, along with a couple of his colleagues.
've been asked by people on the LaTeX3 development team to express a strong preference for the former, and a strong dislike for \over! 
I also had the feeling for some time, and the same feeling exists in the SGML community, that the developments of HTML-Math and of HTML in general were suffering from a NIH syndrome.
> I also had the feeling for some time, and the same feeling exists in > the SGML community, that the developments of HTML-Math and of HTML > in general were suffering from a NIH syndrome.
And thousands of endangered sea turtles and other creatures continue to die each year unnecessarily due to wasteful fishing and over development, forces that keep these species in a fragile state.
Your nickel a day can, when it joins the stream of other member donations, help stop water pollution at its source ... protect sea turtle nesting beaches from development ... and defend seals, dolphins, and other ocean wildlife from the threat of entanglement and drowning in fishing nets and marine debris.
It is spending more than $500 million a year on semiconductor research and development.
He praised IBM for being "a critical partner in our economic development efforts" in New York state.
In a field that has struggled long and hard to prove that mind, mood and behavior can be studied empirically, the past decade, Davison says, has seen "exciting developments" that demonstrate the validity of various psychotherapeutic interventions and the psychosocial-behavioral models on which they are based.
2 Former 39 U.S.C. § 504(a) authorized the Postmaster General to maintain a research and development program, and to conduct experiments to enhance the operational efficiency and economy of the postal system.
The secret to dating like a French woman: http://bit.ly/1JWMJ2 The BBC's Washington correspondents track developments in the first 100 days of Barack Obama's presidency.

Since the construction of the New Macau-Taipa Bridge has allowed easy access to the airport, the population has grown to more than 30,000, with industrial development, new apartment blocks, and luxury resort hotels.
The quaint Taipa Village, with its narrow lanes and colonial buildings painted yellow, blue, and green, has almost been completely swallowed up by the development of nearby housing projects.
Guangzhou today is mostly about business and industry, featuring new development, skyscrapers, a whole new business area, and raised expressways.
In part, prices reflect development of a market structure based on such variables as the number of prints.
The Oklahoma City energy and defense concern said it will record a $7.5 million reserve for its defense group, including a $4.7 million charge related to problems under a fixed-price development contract and $2.8 million in overhead costs that won't be reimbursed.
In the non-military area of influencing events around the world, the financial and economic are, the World Bank President Wilfinson said recently, Governor, that U.S. contributions to overseas development assistance is lower now almost than it has ever been.
I am in favor of tax cuts to encourage and give incentives for the quicker development of these new kinds of technologies.
