Of course, we've played different roles.
One group of adults and one group of youth, through two very different processes, have arrived at the same conclusion; our community still has much to do if we are to help ALL of your youth successfully develop into the responsible, productive adults who will our community in the future.
For some, these are very different messages from the ones heard in the street.
Almost every assignment is a challenge in a different way and it never seems to get easier.
In the first meeting, he stressed that the United States was at war with a new and different kind of enemy.
Some members of his administration, he commented, had expressed a different view, but he was the one responsible for making the decisions.
With these initial victories won by the middle of 2002, the global conflict against Islamist terrorism became a different kind of struggle.
Even though the zoot suit was worn by the young men of several different races and ethnicities, it is primarily identified with the pachucos of Los Angeles.
One rapidly runs out of hands and must resort to fingers and toes, for after years of laboriously categorizing these languages, the number of different main branches (called families and subfamilies) came to about ten.
It is important, too, to note that writing systems are irrelevant: for instance, Polish is written (today) using the Roman alphabet, but Russian, a related Slavic language, uses the Cyrillic; Yiddish, a Germanic language, is written in Hebrew characters; Latin, Greek, and Sanskrit, which resemble one another rather closely in some respects, all use different alphabets; and early examples, utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages, were written in cuneiform, quite suitable for writing on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus, and hieroglyphics.
True, one can find different from , etc., in an entry so headed, but for absolute constructions one is referred to an entry called “Covered with onions, relish, and ketchup, I ate a hotdog at the ball-park.”
The 100 maps selected for representation from the Survey yield information on several hundred words, some of which are clear variants, others quite different lexical entities.
These are drawn to run midway between/ localities which were shown by the Survey of English Dialects to use the different words or pronunciations which are the subject of the map.
It is divided into eighteen chapters varying in length, each dealing with a different aspect of the authors and their works, among them,
Multiple episodes of PCP and mycobacterial infections were defined by identifying the same organism on different admissions of the same patient.
Both domain architecture and operon analysis have been used extensively to make functional predictions of poorly characterized domains or genes [ 26 27 28 29 ] . Moreover, the presence of evolutionarily conserved operons often correlates with the involvement of the component genes in a sequential pathway or physically interacting complex [ 30 31 ] . We summarize the different forms of contextual information that we extracted from the CYTH domains in the form a network diagram (Fig.
Falwell on a different matter, the future of Jerusalem, but I thought I might just slip this question--the one about me maybe being the Antichrist--into the stream of the interview.
9. The second column, which shows results adjusted for all covariates, is not very different (the only discrepancy is for men with BMI < 18.
These agonists have different time course and concentration profiles for activation of the different MAPK pathways.
Although comprehensive, some issues were not addressed in this previous SR/MA: a formal quantitative synthesis (meta-analysis) was not performed according to different clinical aspects and to main methodological quality dimensions empirically linked to bias [ 7 ] .
This is accomplished by preprogramming a "standard human" data set that contains most of the information that is required to model the different solutes.
Genome statistics: how is Release 3 different?
Both these draft mouse genomes were obtained using a whole-genome shotgun (WGS) strategy, but using different mouse strains and distinct sequence-assembly algorithms.
The data obtained so far on the action of PEDF on different cells may have not considered the presence of these cofactors in the media.
With the model benchmarked to AEO2001, and given the different mix of scenario assumptions previously described, AMIGA reports the results in the figures and tables that follow.
7. BANGLADESH COPS RESCUE DRUG MONKEYS (Same story, different spin.)
The expansion of the potential niche of these populations into different media formulations is indeed remarkable, but should not be construed as an evolutionary trend towards generalism.
Marilyn Sommers noted that different clinical settings can profoundly influence how screening and intervention is delivered.
The weight loss for NAD was again different from Obesity III patients who were AD or ADSx, but AD and ADSx were not significantly different (Fisher, NAD-AD: p < 0.001, NAD-ADSx: p < 0.01, AD-ADSx: p < 0.657).
Some but not all human studies have reported a positive association between IOP and blood pressure [ 48 52 ] . Our comparison of the relationship between blood pressure and IOP in young, adult female mice of different mouse strains, whose blood pressures differed up to 36 mmHg, did not reveal a positive correlation.
We show that: (i) cCAF stimulates TN expression and that a 15 aa peptide containing the N-terminal sequence causes the same effects as the whole molecule; (ii) in contrast to its effects on TN production, cCAF-induced increase in FN and Coll I accumulation requires the whole molecule; (iii) the increase in FN protein is not a result of a corresponding increase in mRNA, or increase in MMP production or PA activity but appears to be linked TN production; (iv) increase in Coll I correlates with decreased levels of MMP-1; (v) cCAF chemoattracts fibroblasts and accelerates their migration; (vi) treatment of excision wounds with cCAF increased the levels of all three ECM molecules in the granulation tissue of wounds albeit with different dynamics.
To better understand the reasons for the markedly different MEDACV performances of the four metrics on experimental replicates, we performed simulations.
One pattern that has emerged from comparative analyses of fully sequenced genomes is that, although different pathogen and symbiont lineages approach the same minimal genome size, the inventories of genes retained by these organisms are extremely different [ 3, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36].
The search for additional genes not discovered during early annotation attempts has involved the use of several different approaches.
Moreover, the correlation between differences in gene expression between amplified and unamplified samples for different tumors is weak (Figure 4), suggesting that genes that differ through amplification depend on the sample rather than on systematic changes from amplification.
Within the same clustering algorithm, different similarity measures and different methods to deal with repeated measurements yield different cluster accuracy.
In particular, varying the kinetic parameters will change the behaviour of the system in two different ways: the equilibrium periodic orbit will change and the stability of deviations about this orbit will also change.
These results indicate that molegos can provide a useful basis for identifying specificity determining regions in enzymes with similar active sites but different activity spectra [ 46 28 3 ] . Site directed mutagenesis based on these results can define the function of the unique elements of the APEs, and aid in the design of enzymes with altered specificity.
Any serious policy examination of a suicide hijacking scenario, critiquing each of the layers of the security system, could have suggested changes to fix glaring vulnerabilities-expanding no-fly lists, searching passengers identified by the CAPPS screening system, deploying Federal Air Marshals domestically, hardening cockpit doors, alerting air crew to a different kind of hijacking than what they had been trained to expect, or adjusting the training of controllers and managers in the FAA and NORAD.
Thus, specificity can be generated in different ways.
Different participants in a society will have different views of how civil it is.
He looked to see how aviation might affect our lives in 21 different areas, such as population, family, cities, religion, health, environment, recreation, crime, education, marketing, agriculture, public administration, international relations--you name it.
In the Gambian sample, we observed 24 different haplotypes, and the distribution was dominated by one major haplotype (37.
As such, they throw into sharp relief the differences between the Japanese market and the U.S. market, and point up a basic problem faced by a company like Sega of America: This is an American subsidiary of a Japanese company, trying to target a market different from the one in which its parents are rooted.
The activated AQP1 ion channel is less permeant to TEA than to Na +or K + [ 10 ] ; however, because of the high extracellular Na +concentration (90 mM) in the TEA bath saline in the present study, the measured reversal potential of the activated current was not appreciably different with and without 10 mM TEA.
...A moment's reflection will show that stoat and start are different words, just as coat and cart or moat and mart.
Multiple enzymes catalyzing the same reaction have been described in developmental systems where differential regulation of isoenzymes are deployed in different temporal and spatial contexts.
For the 20 different comparisons, we included three mutant-allele expressing clones (T158M, 803delG, R168X) and four completely skewed wild-type MeCP2 expressing LCLs (R106W, R255X, 803delG, 803delG) from different donors.
The area’s distinctive character owes much to its strong Moorish heritage and its Mediterranean climate, so different from most other parts of the country.
3 confers susceptibility to Schizophrenia in the British population but not in the Japanese population [ 39 ] . Genetic heterogeneity is very common in hereditary deafness [ 40 ] ; also the prevalence of mutations in the connexin 26 gene is a major cause of non-syndromic autosomal recessive deafness that varies in different populations [ 41 ] .
4B, the two mutants also spontaneously lost their inhibitory activity(convert to latency) as wtPAI-1, but at different rates.
Cells were then treated with different doses of androgen.
The different methodologies and assumptions for these approaches are discussed in separate subsections in the effects estimation and valuation sections below.
In the very different context of 1963, however, Kennedy was the first president to call for a tax cut with the explicitly Keynesian purpose of creating a deficit to stimulate the economy.
Altered responses of AR include activation by non-androgen ligands or recognition of other hormone responsive elements different from AREs [ 22 23 ] . We studied if active Stat3 could be responsible for this behavior of AR.
Purposive Sample Instances appropriately selected to answer different evaluation questions, on various systematic bases, such as best or worst practices; a judgmental sample.
For one example data set from eachof the epistasis models, the best architecture was quite different,as shown in Table 1and Figure 5for functional SNP only data.
Three S. cerevisiae expression datasets were examined individually, including the "Compendium" set, composed of expression profiles in response to 300 diverse mutations and chemical treatments [ 5 ] ; the "MAPK" set, composed of 56 conditions chosen to probe the behavior of MAPK signal transduction [ 6 ] ; and the "Cell Cycle" set, composed of 77 conditions relevant to the cell cycle [ 7 ] . Combinations of these datasets were also examined, for a total of five different sets that allowed us to compare the utility of data that probes specific biological processes, such as MAPK signaling or the cell cycle, and that which probes the state of the cell more broadly, such as the Compendium set and the combined sets.
A little math reveals that this "surge" implies average annual GDP growth of 2.8 percent--not too different from the 2.5 percent growth of recent years that Kemp claims is woefully inadequate.
Protein-protein interaction studies using the yeast two-hybrid trap and expression analysis of all kinesins in different tissues and cell types with microarrays can also provide valuable information about the function of the kinesins.
Nomenclature for the description of the different NF1transcripts
However, correct SNP genotyping was observed with 48 different human genomic DNA samples (data not shown).
A dyad is informative only when the offspring has a heterozygous genotype different from that of the parent, thus avoiding the bias of using inferred phase assignments [ 18, 19].
Total signal intensity of different probes was scaled to the same value before comparison.
The distances were computed using different correction methods (Jukes-Cantor, Jin-Nei and Kimura two-parameter methods), by means of the program 'distances' of the GCG package [ 33].
As described in the text, all biopsies had two different regions of the same biopsy expression profiled separately.
Signaling by the IGF-IR has been studied in many different cell types and is important for proliferation, survival, motility, adhesion, transformation, tumor formation and metastasis [for reviews see refs [ 31 32 ] ]. The receptor can directly phosphorylate the insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS-1) and Shc proteins in the intact cell causing activation of PI-3Kinase and ras signaling [ 33 ] . More recently, it has been shown that the IGF-IR signals via the Gβγ subunits of the heterotrimeric Gi complex to stimulate PI-3Kinase and ras, and also activates the JAK/Stat pathway to cause phosphorylation of Stat3 [ 34 35 ] .
John McCain has a slightly different idea.
By general agreement and city ordinance, all buildings must be faced with Jerusalem limestone, giving the city’s different worlds an architectural unity and tying the city in a special way to the land on which it rests.
Chalmers [ 25 ] gives a comprehensive instrument for scoring a randomized clinical trial with detailed questions on every aspect of a trial, and assigns weights to the different sections.
Isolation of a panel of small peptides with different structural properties could improve the performance of the system by providing an option for multiple screens using a variety of peptides.
The main arguments supporting the view that all power-law behaviours are arise from a common duplicative process are that the occurrences of different genomic properties are correlated and the fits between the distributions of biological and simulated data are good.
Rather, it puts us in closer touch with the ordinary, the common, by turning a different light on them."
Only two cases of clonal expansion characterized by identically rearranged segments were detected on different slides.
Because of this coming demographic shift, to move into the future without making changes to federal retirement and health programs- Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid-is to envision a very different role for the federal government.
It may partially reflect genetic polymorphisms that give rise to different Nla III sites and hence different SAGE tags, although this is unlikely to explain observed differences in gene expression between the inbred mice.
We examined from 2 to 8 different samples from these patients over the 3-year study period.
The electromagnetic compatibility behavior of the ITREL-III was examined while exposing the ITREL-III to the fields of 10 different types of GSM 900 MHz mobile phones and 10 different GSM 1800 MHz mobile phones.
(For additional discussion on different sources of error in microarray experiments, see [ 10 11 12 13 ] .)
Several 10 × 10 × 5 mm blocks of tissue were collected from different central cotyledons into cryomold biopsy vinyl specimens molds (Tissue-Tek Cryomold Biopsy, Miles Inc.
What seemed different today was that he also seemed far more present and charismatic than usual, as he hopped discursively from observations on globalization to stories about his childhood in Missouri to jokes about basketball to his substantive proposal of the day, which was a plan to eliminate $10 billion a year in corporate tax subsidies.
Both alpha- and gamma-tocopherol are absorbed from the intestine and secreted into chylomicrons equally well [ 6 7 ] . The selective retention of alpha-tocopherol in plasma is attributed to a number of factors such as the hepatic alpha-tocopherol transfer protein (alpha-TTP), which preferentially incorporates alpha-tocopherol (over gamma-tocopherol) into very low density lipoprotein [ 8 9 10 ] . Indeed, the affinity of the different forms of vitamin E for the alpha-TTP protein appears to be a primary determinant of their plasma levels [ 8 ] . In addition, there is evidence suggesting that gamma-tocopherol is preferentially catabolized to a water-soluble form (2,7, 8-trimethyl-2-(beta-carboxyethyl)-6-hydroxychroman or gamma-CEHC) by side chain oxidation [ 11 12 ] .
In order to further assign species D1 and D2 to the two different conformations, two experiments were done (Fig.
To our knowledge, this report demonstrates for the first time a correlation of serological results with viral load detected by PCR in children with different types of cancer.
Since DCIP and XTT have different redox potentials, and XTT in our work appears to generally be more easily reduced by soil microbial communities, this shows a need to use more than one respiratory dye in this type of experiment.
We undertook a prospective survey in three AIDS health care units in Bogota, Colombia, in order to determine the prevalence of Mycobacterium species in HIV-infected patients and to evaluate the diagnostic value of different types of body fluids to detect the presence of mycobacteria.
We analyzed the ATM protein in different cell lines.
The mean, mode, median and different quantiles of the identity percentage distributions were used for estimating evolutionary distances.
It certainly defies the standard tropes of writing about young people--all that stuff about how it's OK to be yourself, even if you're different.
Unable to formulate a precise allegation, one reporter asked Bauer whether his behavior with McClard had been "flirtatious or in any way different from how you interact with other aides" (answer: no).
The demonstration of S1 nuclease-sensitive sites within the type 2 viral genome overlapping the tk coding region, and the absence of such sites in the type 1 viral genome, suggest that local topology may be different between these HSV-1 and HSV-2.
However, unlike the study described here, in which both spatial and temporal changes in [GAG] were monitored, in the studies described above it was not possible to derive more specific spatial information because the destructive nature of the [GAG] measurements required that time course information be inferred from averages of separate animals/samples harvested at different time points.
It is possible that different mutations result in different developmental effects.
To date, a few studies have demonstrated the potential power of GFP-FRET by labeling different proteins [ 6 23 24 25 26 ] or by fusing two different fluorophores to the same protein [ 27 28 29 30 31 32 ] . Creating efficent donor and acceptor fusion proteins is difficult, however, because FRET only occurs when the two fluorophores are attached to surfaces that are very close to one another.
Different courts have different opinions on what constitutes "substantial similarity."
In order to study the existence of different variants of USF expressed under stimulated and basal conditions, we performed immunoblotting experiments with antibodies against C-terminal regions of USF1 and USF2.
Given what we know about the way people use mental accounting in order to manage their money--putting different kinds of money into different kinds of accounts, rather than thinking about their money as part of a single account--it's hard to believe that people are out there spending lavishly because their 401Ks, which they know they won't be touching for decades, are flush.
It is postulated that different targets of HATs by Tat have different consequences.
We used three different media in case fungi had different growth requirements (potato sucrose agar, casein agar and agar made with extracts of sagebrush leaves).
Note that we used different ratios of the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells to the effector cells, and we did not observe any suppression of arthritis development.
Conversely, variation should be higher for different amino acids.
Equality feminists draw a different lesson: The World Cup showed that women can body-slam, curse, and cheat just like men.
Basic science and RCTs thus represent two different paths to answering intervention questions.
At about the same time, Jarrah began simulator training, also in Florida but at a different center.
There is no need to invoke a different explanation for posttetanic potentiation than for staircase.
Jim, I'd recommend a different book, one I've mentioned before.
"I had hoped for a completely different reaction from the audience, a realization that this character had just sealed her fate in a horrible way.
As mentioned above, we repeated these analyses excluding the persons with partially estimated data, and using two different ways of coding YHL.
In the preamble to the final rule, the FDA addresses the various issues raised by commenters in this area, including the preemption of State and local laws which are different from or in addition to the requirements under the final rule; whether there is an infringement on the States' right to regulate tobacco and businesses within the State and protect the health of its citizens; the allocation of a State's resources and the rule's possible impact on the States' economies.
Second, tumor tissues invariably include a mixture of different cells, such as inflammatory cells, stromal cells, vascular cells, and others.
In addition, by comparing the estimated latent factors associated with genes across different sample types, we can identify genes that are differentially expressed among different tissue or cell line types.
Agents that inhibit the growth of new vessels in the tumours include a wide range of different compounds.
This highlights the importance of macrophages in the production of TNF, supported by current hypotheses on the pivotal role of this cell type in TNF overproduction in autoimmune diseases [ 39 ] . Thus, our findings suggest that TTP serves an entirely different role in other leukocytes, relative to their role in regulating cytokine production by macrophages, and that TNF production is not simply regulated by TTP.
However, the microvasculature of the CL is composed of a number of different luteal endothelial cell types; the most common of which does not express mRNA encoding the PGF
While this problem might be addressed by using a different scaling factor for high-intensity signals [ 10 ] , few targets produced such high signals, and the magnitude of the effect was small.
The morphology of these cells was completely different from those of undifferentiated or primitive endoderm cells.
The levels of the three CTX isoforms α L, β Land α Dwere 2.3-fold to 2.7-fold higher in the postmenopausal women (Table 1), in accordance with previous reports of CTX levels during the menopause [ 15 ] . As all forms were elevated to the same magnitude in postmenopause, the ratios between the newly synthesised α LCTX form and the older β Land α DCTX forms was not significantly different in premenopausal and postmenopausal women.
For comparison, we determined the gene expression profiles of tumors with similar clinical characteristics from five different individuals.
Therefore a bronchial squamous cell carcinoma and an adenocarcinoma with different microvascular density (MVD) were selected to assess the inhibition effect of the ATF-BPTI.
Here we show that cCAF stimulates cultures of fibroblasts to produce TN, FN, and Coll I, albeit with different dynamics and that these ECM molecules are also increased in wounded tissues treated with cCAF.
The liquor industry sometimes does come up with new and different flavors.
9%) tumors, while other HPV types (20 different types) in 23 (25.
After a few days, befriended and coached by these veterans of a different time and a different kind of war, most of us revived enough to make do behind the barbed wire in the blighted landscape.
22 Also, there are cases where merchandise is treated different from non-merchandise and where, under the MBMFC rule discussed above, some kinds of content may use one subclass and not others.
, unpublished observations), similar to what we previously reported for the δ-OR expressed in Chinese hamster ovary or HEK-293 cells [ 11 13 ] . Thus, in at least two different cell lines, HEK-293 and C6 glioma, we have significant evidence that transactivation of an endogenously expressed RTK is not required for ERK activation through opioid receptors.
Again, no specific DHBV RNAseH cleavage was observed (data not shown), indicating that using different region of RNA from the DHBV genome did not affect the observation that the DHBV RNAseH could not engage an exogenous substrate.
HKTA also has trail maps and sponsors the Guided Nature Walks, led by rangers, that include hikes in all the different regions of Hong Kong.
To study in greater detail how the presence of nonhomologous DNA at the end of one of the hooks reduces gene capture efficiency, we constructed a set of TAR vectors with different lengths of nonhomologous DNA next to the hook.
Thus, the data support a scenario in which emergence of GshA was followed, in most organisms, by the recruitment of a different protein to serve as the progenitor of GshB.
The effect of PKC activators PMA and Bryostatin 1 on IFNg inducibility of MHCII in three resistant tumor cell lines of different histological origin has been examined.
Antibiotic utilization in different specialties may have been considered in the above studies [ 20 21 ] while our study was confined to the Internal Medicine ward.
A night cruise along the canals with dinner is a wonderful and romantic way to get a different view of Amsterdam.
On the basis of biochemistry and physiology, we might predict certain clinical endpoints for patients with condition Y when given treatment X. These predictions will be based on a very different set of observation statements than those involved in RCTs.
However, by averaging several decompositions of the same signal in different realizations of smaller stochastic dictionaries, we obtain a more continuous representation like in Figures 22 (g)and Figure 21 (c).
Findings from protease-sensitivity analyses suggest that Boi1-PH binds in a different manner to PIP 2 than to PS, however.
In recent publications involving bioinformatic analysis of aromatic amino-acid biosynthesis [ 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14], we have implemented a nomenclature that attempts logical and consistent naming of genes and their gene products for different organisms.
The M6P/IGF2R informative patients and those not used in this study were insignificantly different from each other for the clinical characteristics of gender, age, race, smoking history, baseline hemoglobin, Karnofsky performance status, tumor resectability, treatment, tumor stage, nodal stage, overall staging and site of primary tumor (Table 1).
In general, the loss or gain of an intron represents a major genetic rearrangement and is a relatively rare event when compared with sequence changes [ 35 ] . It is highly unlikely that an intron would arise at the same sequence position in different gene lineages, further supporting that the TOX family arose by gene duplication.
The information is presented in a "multiple media" format in order to accommodate different learning styles and to allow learning to occur in different environments and in periods best suited to the learner.
Based on Southern blot and in situ hybridization data, we hypothesize that PEVE exists as two variant forms with different compositions of ss and ds DNA stretches, corresponding to the Ul and Us regions.
In EMSA, the gel mobility of DNA-protein complexes depends on the overall mass of the binding proteins [ 38 ] and on the possible protein induced bending angle of DNA [ 39 ] . Since a single fusion protein was used in each binding reaction, the slight variation in the gel mobility of the DNA-protein complexes may reflect that KRC has more than one target, or that the targets were located at different positions within the 25-mer DNA.
This difference is likely due to the different RT reaction conditions used in these two library construction protocols [ 1, 2].
Comparing Ferberized with non-Ferberized kids as they grow up would tell us nothing--Ferberizing and non-Ferberizing parents no doubt tend to have broadly different approaches to child-rearing, and they probably have different cultural milieus.
Design features Site selection depends on program diversity, cannot be used with highly diverse programs; best, worst, representative, typical, or cluster bases appropriate; must keep number of cases manageable or risk becoming minisurvey, can use survey before or after to check generalizability or mix survey with concurrent case studies selected for special purposes; data rely on observation and structured materials, often combine qualitative and quantitative data; analysis uses varying degrees of formalization around emergent or predetermined themes; reports are usually thematic and describe site differences and explain these; variation in degree of integration of data across sites and of findings from different methods
As depicted in Fig 6, three different doses of vector were compared and a significant inhibition of the tumour growth (p < 0.001, ANOVA) was observed with the 2 highest doses (10 9iu and 2.5 10 9iu).
Same protein/ORF picked up by BLAST searches using different parameters, or by both BLAST and Patternfind) and compare sequence of protein in this region with other peptide surrogates containing this motif.
Different players are given different colored chips to avoid confusion.
The availability of different Cre reporter strains will be valuable, not only because of the advantages of different reporter proteins, but also because the efficiency of Cre-mediated excision may be dependent on the target locus.
Moreover, the words they used changed with experience: when it became clear that earthy was used in very different ways by different people, its use dropped significantly.
Rejection of the null hypothesis of no association between genotype and TCD status will lead to the conclusion that the proportion of patients with mutant alleles is different in patients with normal and high TCD.
The different treatment afforded those gentlemen indicates that, though both are African-American, they are substantively different men--physically, politically, and oratorically.
Figure 9examines the effect of different values of the supervision weight α, showing the average (absolute) gene correlation and Cox model p value for each choice.
One can attempt to isolate mRNA from every tissue at different developmental stages, measure gene expression, and assign expression indexes to every tissue at every time for every gene, in order to recreate the entire developmental expression pattern.
of Va., the point critical to the Court's analysis was not, as the Court would have it, that it is part of the "usual functioning" of student newspapers to "expres[s] many different points of view," ante, at 9 (it surely is not), but rather that the spending program itself had been created "to encourage a diversity of views from private speakers," 515
A single dose of 10 10iu of the different vectors was injected iv on day 14 (Fig.
Previously, MIF was described in the epithelia of several organs of the rat [ 6 ] . The present findings provide anatomical evidence of MIF protein in the bladder and prostate epithelia of the rat and confirm our earlier findings demonstrating MIF expression in the bladder by immunohistochemistry, Western blotting analysis and RT-PCR [ 10 11 ] . In other organs, the MIF stored in the epithelia was released upon endotoxemia [ 7 ] . As such, MIF may form part of the innate immune response of different organs to bacterial infection.
The response of the mechanoreceptors to graded displacement of the ICS was determined by measuring the frequency of discharge at two different points during the applied stretch.
Phenotypic differences exist among fibroblasts from different dermal origin 
IDO antisense-transfected clones D3 and E6 exhibited a different phenotype compared to untransfected and sense transfected P19 cells (Fig 5A,B,C).
Since the darkest probes may be more likely caused by their poor binding properties to the target gene, and the brightest probes may be more likely caused by serious cross hybridization issues, different parts of the integral distribution tend to have different qualities.
To meet this requirement, the intralaboratory precision, expressed as percent coefficient of variation (CV%), of each type of test to be used in the laboratory should be determined by performing five or more tests with different batches of test organisms, using the same reference toxicant, at the same concentrations, with the same test conditions (i.e.
Moreover, the ACI is located in a different part of the plant than FGD or SCR and activated carbon injection occurrs in the ductwork between the air preheater and the ESP or FF.
Through the year, we also offer a number of different programs -- including scouting, basketball and after-school activities -- to help children develop talents, character and self-esteem.
It would not necessarily matter if wine experts or wine scientists would deny that the wine had any chalkiness and that what was noticed was something completely different.
With a continuous fitness scale, apart from neutral and inviable sequences, we would have to keep track of slightly and strongly deleterious as well as advantageous sequences, and would consequently need a much more elaborate mathematical procedure to account for the contributions from these different fitness classes.
It's true that different pieces benefit from different treatment; the Op.
What you couldn't tell from the ad, though, was that in Jobs' imagination, what would replace Big Brother was not the anarchic space of the market, with people buying computers from 20 or 30 different manufacturers.
The study attempted to recruit an average of two to three controls for each case out of six possible types: sexual/household, non-sexual/household, sexual/neighborhood, non-sexual neighborhood, sexual/different water district, and non-sexual different water district.
Furthermore, because it is unlikely that each joint would harbor a different foreign antigen, these B cells are most likely reacting with autoantigens generated locally, possibly by local tissue breakdown.
Some standards relevant to decisions affecting configuration can, in context, suggest different conclusions, depending upon the state or geographic region involved.
As might be gathered from the foregoing, I am not enamored of this book as a dictionary, though I must admit that it is different and might well set a trend in reference books.
We then compared the percent of probe sets that decreased in signal at different 3' distances.
It is important to point out that the patterns of 4-HNE protein adducts, as shown by these Western blot analyses, were different among these studies, probably as a result of tissue specificity.
Finally, since the final rule is designed to harmonize with the international standards, device manufacturers will not have to maintain two different quality systems to compete both nationally and internationally.
P&PD was better tolerated when delivered by the bed in comparison with manual turning, as judged by the change in VO 2 . The acute effects of CLR are undoubtedly different in other patient populations.
Silesia, settled by a different tribe, would eventually become the third component of the nascent Polish state.
However, in most biological studies, identification of differentially expressed genes among different samples is the main aim.
But something weird is happening out there, which makes the late '90s different from the "junk-bond era and the Las Vegas Strip."
Clinically, the coping would be exposed to different loads during the entire observation time.
The primer ETn1 was designed to a region of conservation across related but different ETn.
The reason for such non-normal distributions is unclear, but they are consistent with contamination from paralogous comparisons (those involving gene duplications), although other sources of bias have been proposed [ 15 ] . (The right-skewed distributions seen in some plots of evolutionary distances are different, because they have not been normalized by a calibration time).
That's a question about politics, not economics, so maybe it's best directed to a different sort of expert.
We were also able to analyze nucleotide effects in different contexts, i.e. determine whether a given change would give the same effect in different sequence environments.
Although an increase in rectification was consistently observed with these channels, compared to wild-type VR1 (Figure 5B), the ratio of the current at +100 mV to that at -100 mV is not statistically different from wild-type VR1.
The clustering procedure PAM was used in the comparison; however, one should keep in mind that different clustering procedures can generate different partitions of the same data, possibly leading to different inferences about the number of clusters.
In the P. medicaginis interaction library, we might expect the same bimodal distribution as seen with P. sojae . However, the two libraries were prepared in different ways.
MHCKs have different subcellular localizations in interphase cells
Different protocols were compared and assessed according to two criteria.
Two sequences that fold into the same structure may bind to a receptor with different efficiencies, and a sequence that folds into a slightly different structure may also bind to the receptor, albeit less efficiently.
Statistical analyses indicate that cells treated with 100 μM CEES were not significantly different from control cells (not treated with CEES) in the presence of 0, 25 or 50 ng/ml of LPS.
That the Communists in America were really grand old troopers with a different vision of the future?
When many hypotheses are tested, such as expression data of thousands of genes being compared between different groups, FWER increases dramatically, and is typically much larger than the significance level at which the individual hypotheses are tested.
Studies have yet to resolve all the mechanisms of action of LC-PUFA, in particular the remarkable phenotypic differences between populations that consume different quantities of fish and fish oil in their diets [ 1 2 3 4 5 ] . Dietary LC-PUFA affect processes including: growth, neurological development, lean and fat mass accretion, reproduction, innate and acquired immunity, infectious pathologies of viruses, bacteria and parasites; and the incidence and severity of virtually all chronic and degenerative diseases including cancer, atherosclerosis, stroke, arthritis, diabetes, osteoporosis, and neurodegenerative, inflammatory, and skin diseases [ 6 7 8 9 10 11 ] . Due to lack of mechanistic knowledge, predictions for optimal intake of nutritionally important LC-PUFA remain vague and dietary recommendations simply relate to prevention of overt deficiency.
Every mobile phone was tested in three different positions next to the phantom, using 2 different electrode configurations and 8 different stimulation parameters, SeeFF Table 1. Altogether, 960 different test configurations were examined.
Less well known is heteronym (same spelling, but different sound, e.g., sow meaning pig and sow meaning planting seeds).
Each of the 60 cell lines is now characterized by four different latent factors, where each latent factor is estimated based on the expression profiles of the genes in each of the four clusters.
We used t-test and Z test in different experiments for comparing different genotypes.
For its part, the Senate is positively gloating about its own unanimity, so different from the squabbling rancor in the House.
Our analyses employed three different definitions of dependence.
The purpose of this study was to determine the different causes of low SVR, identify prognostic factors, and analyze the mortality of these various groups of patients.
To systematically evaluate the fidelity of T7 based amplification, we compared the correlation coefficient obtained from four different protocols.
While the lattice models have usually stayed with single point representation, the continuous state models have used different variations from a single point per residue to all-atom representation.
This is another aspect of the shaving process - it seeks different clusters, where difference is measured by correlation of the cluster mean.
(A different poll analyzed on USAT 's front reaches similar conclusions: Just 29% of voters now would opt for Clinton's removal, down from 35% last Sunday.)
Such was Starr's haste that he had to use a different grand jury--one that has never previously handled the Lewinsky matter--to hear the testimony.
Although equal amounts of microsomal protein lysates were loaded from the livers of these different strains, we consistently observed that the protein expression patterns were always different between SHR and the control strains (Fig.
Averaging molecular phylogenies of different universally conserved genes has been proposed as a way of alleviating the problems of individual phylogenies, by compensating for the different tendencies found in single genes [ 24, 34].
Time inventories the troops, time, casualties, and money necessary to carry out four different plans, from limited force (10,000 troops, 2-3 weeks of prep time, 500 dead, and $5 billion) to full-on occupation of Yugoslavia (200,000 troops, 4-6 months of prep time, 5,000-10,000 dead, and $25 billion).
cDNA from experimental samples was generated by reverse transcription in the presence of Cy-5 dUTP, and was mixed with a reference pool of cDNA derived from 10 different cell lines (Brown laboratory control reference 'E'), labeled with Cy-3 dUTP.
Finally, we used a series of murine muscle tissues from normal and dystrophin-deficient mice, where each profile was from a different series of complete gastrocnemius muscles (Fig.
Additionally, accounting for the fact that the four nucleotides change at different rates allows some further improvement, which ranges from minimal to drastic depending on the exact circumstances.
The Czech official said infighting among different sets of victims has already begun, and he dreads the talks on allocating the funds.
Because such regulatory proteins can be present at different levels and in different molecular complexes in nuclei as compared with the cytoplasm, separation of the two cellular compartments allowed an assessment of the site(s) at which these proteins exert their primary activity unimpeded by artifacts that may result from intermixing the two compartments.
For rofecoxib, this might be different.
VEGF mRNA peaks at 72 hours after CCl 4 treatment in Kupffer cells, whereas it peaks at 7 days in hepatocytes, well after necrosis has resolved and when vascular and sinusoidal endothelial cells are reappearing in the tissue [ 23 31 ] . Correlation of VEGF isoforms with specific tissue metrics suggests they have different roles in the regeneration and revascularization of severely damaged areas of the treated livers.
In order to confirm our results in a larger sample set, we preformed an analysis on an additional set of invasive breast tumors from different individuals (tumors 3, 20, and 32) and compared the data with those from tumor 5A, and found similar correlation coefficients to those seen with tumors 7 and 9 (Supplementary Table 2).
In a study involving 147 subjects [ 32 ] , we compared the average daily volume of alcohol consumed during the 12-24 months prior to the interview as estimated from the alcohol questionnaire with those estimated from two different food frequency questionnaires (FFQ), the Health Habits and History Questionnaire and the Harvard Semiquantitative Food Frequency Questionnaire.
12correspond to the results for two different sets of breakpoints and the different rows are for different values of the smoothing parameter.
But if we do, then the Net will become something very different from what it is just now.
Secondly, different transcription factors exist and were activated in the two organs, which would affect downstream signaling.
While this study was only of moderate sample size, particularly when exploring relationships within subgroups of different consumption patterns, we were able to observe a significant protective effect for citrus peel and hot black tea consumption in relation to skin SCC.
Because of the small Ns involved in this study, only the effect of conflict is significantly different than 0 and this is due to the very small correlation found in the DZ twins.
However, the evidence gathered in this work indicates that the four different transcripts generated off the single subunit A gene are not significantly differentially regulated in response to salt, chilling, or etiolation in axenically grown seedlings.
Those probe sets with a unadjusted significance of P < 0.05 (blue), P < 0.01 (green) or P < 0.001 (red) are indicated on the scatter plots in Figures 1Cand 1D, while the distribution of significant differences at different fold-changes is illustrated in the table in Figure 1E.
High rates of both false positives and false negatives have been asserted by others [ 18, 19], but this is tempered by presentation of a rationale for why phylogenetic and different parametric methods detect different gene subsets [ 20, 21, 22].
Whereas a great deal of genetic variability exists among different tumors from different patients, lesser genetic heterogeneity would be expected in xenografts of cancer cells originally derived from a single patient.
3, the two inhibitors had very different effects on chemokine gene expression.
In contrast, the cumulative case study aggregates information from several sites collected at different and even quite extended times.
Taken together, these observations could explain the occurrence of CVID or IgGSD and hemochromatosis due to HFE C282Y homozygosity in some of the present index patients [ 26 ] and account for the occurrence of IgA deficiency and hemochromatosis in different members of the same family [ 27 ] .
Of course, we've played different roles.
We note that the three-dimensional Codelink arrays used in this study are different from standard surface-bound arrays, and, therefore, it is not unexpected that the observations presented in this report are different from those generated on other array platforms.
Contemporaneous proteome analysis provides a very different profile (see Table 2and text below).
Recently, DNA chip or microarray technology has been developed that allows researchers to measure the expression levels of thousands of genes simultaneously over different time points, different experimental conditions or different tissue samples.
Statistical methods were used to study the exon sequences flanking 49 different spliceosomal intron insertion sites in Euascomycetes rRNA and show that the introns interrupt the G - intron - G (hereafter, the intron position is shown with -) proto-splice site that pre-existed in the coding region.
The different frequencies of cDNAs in libraries derived from different sources give evidence of possible changes in gene expression.
Many investigators have examined the haemodynamic effects of passive leg raising with different monitoring techniques.
Degas was drawn to other methods besides photography for recycling his images, using tracing paper to multiply a drawing, then overlaying the copies with different colors to produce a range of emotional variants.
The libertarian of the Net has a simple message, quite different from Ivory Tower Libertarianism.
The affected sister and brother inherit different FEOM1 haplotypes from their affected mother, and the brother's affected daughter inherits her unaffected paternal grandfather's FEOM1 haplotype, thus proving non-association between the FEOM1 haplotype and the disease phenotype.
Nevertheless, there might not have been agreement between these two views of rhythmicity for any of the tissues (or between different approaches to the analysis of phase as described below).
But if Siegel's theory is correct, then cities where "riot ideology" did not inform local policies should have had different outcomes in terms of fiscal policy, the quality of the public schools, and the condition of the local economies.
The search for relevant literature for each individual gene is complicated by the fact that the same gene can have many different names associated with it and that the same name or abbreviation can have different meanings.
Reference mRNA contained equal mixtures of fibroblast mRNA (pooled from confluent and proliferating cultures of normal and AIS genital skin fibroblasts) and a 'common reference' of mRNAs isolated from 11 different proliferating cultured tumor cell lines that we have described previously [ 33 ] .
Another two hybridizations were performed using poly(A) +RNA isolated from BC2 total RNA three months later and a different print batch of microarrays.
There are two different accounts about how Ritchie Valens learned the song, since he supposedly never learned Spanish.
Thus it is likely that the difference in temporal profiles may be related to different mechanisms of taste transduction.
zShops is a slightly different model, because Amazon will make more on each good, but they'll sell less quickly.
There could be many influences on what is happening and these influences could interact in nonlinear ways such that a unit of change in the input can be associated with quite different changes in the output, sometimes increasing it, sometimes decreasing it, and sometimes having no discernible effect.
Indeed, the biggest challenge for quantifying uncertainty in these calculations - quantifying the various input uncertainties - is partially ameliorated by the ease with which different values can be run to produce sensitivity analyses.
The stresses of an academic are truly heavy, but why should it be different from any other profession?
Persistent attention, new models of performance, and different oversight structures and processes may be necessary to achieve this objective.
Figure 1presents the number of behaviors exhibited in each of the different behavioral domains assessed by the NPI-Q.
The observed CV of the AD smetric was in all cases larger than that of the F or F smetric, and was greater than 0.55 for all three mRNAs, indicating very poor agreement of readouts from different array designs when global normalization was used (Figure 6).
Visual inspection of the intersection of a constant cutoff ratio with a distribution with many divergent genes demonstrates first, that the constant transition point intersects different distributions at different locations along the curve (Figure 3b; see also Figures 1, 2), and second, that there are divergent genes in some hybridizations which would be inappropriately deemed present instead of divergent because the constant transition point falls far to the left of the transition region (Figure 3b, Bongori hybridization).
There were no significant differences in mean numbers of cells in the blastocysts between different maturation stages of the recipient oocytes.
]. The RNA types are indicated in different colors (rRNA: 5S, green; 16S, red; 23S, blue; introns: group I, black; II, brown; other intron types, magenta) and the cell locations are abbreviated (N, nucleus; M, mitochondria; C, chloroplast; Y, cyanelle; V, viral).
When two peoples speaking different languages share a common border, there is an infiltration of words from one language to the other.
Whereas in English there are totally different words to express different aspects of speech, the word tok combines with other words to define various kinds of communication: tokaut `speak out,' tok baksait `gossip,' toktok `converse,' tok mama `advise,' tok hait `secret,' tok tru `truth,' tok nogut `foul language,' tok giaman `lying,' tok pait `argue,' tok ples `local language,' tok tasol `idea,' tok nating `nonsense,' tok isi `comfort,' tok pani `joke,' tok strong `emphasize.
In the available studies, however, there are many examples of maize duplicated genes expressed in different organs [ 46].
The two main islands in the Archipiélago de los Canarreos, south of western Cuba, could not be more different.
Art criticism and order maintenance might be quite different issues on one level, but on another they are linked.
Four different EPR spectra are obtained for VO 2+bound in the presence of different nucleotides and in the absence of nucleotide.
An innate cellular immune reaction directed against the infected liver cells is also an unlikely explanation because plasma transaminase levels [ 6 ] - a marker of hepatolysis - though somewhat elevated, are not different in the two strains.
We have previously shown that removal of furazolidone from thefeed after three weeks results in progressive cardiac dilatationand heart failure [ 18 ] . At the time ofrandomization of the DCM group into three groups i.e., DCM 0 (notreatment), DCM 1 (lower dose carvedilol) or DCM 20 (higherdose carvedilol), fractional shortening was not different betweenthe groups (p > 0.1).
Indeed when these reactions were analyzed on an agarose gel, the size of the characteristic ERCA DNA ladder was different from that obtained with amplification of the OCP (data not shown).
Another potentially important limitation is that different data systems created for different purposes, such as claims and clinical databases, may not provide comparable results, even for strictly defined indicators.
They were also significantly - but less than 10% - higher for 8 other stations, and no different for 7 stations (not shown).
The next lowest conformer is predicted to be 15-25 kcal/mol higher in energy, while overall conformer ranking between the different force fields generally inharmonious.
Children will buy Spice Girl-shaped chocolates, Polaroid Spicecams plastered with Spice Girl stickers, and Spice Girl deodorant--in one of five different Spice scents.
A similar result is arrived at by calculating in a different way: the almanac estimates a world population of 200 million in AD 1; if they had quietly reproduced themselves every twenty-five years, with no increase in the rate of population growth, almost 16 billion people would have lived and died since then.
The impulse animating the Victims' Rights Amendment, however, is different.
They fall into many different classes, representing different genetic events, as follows: 27 alignments indicate an alternative 3' acceptor site for an intron; 17 alignments indicate an alternative 5' donor site for an intron; 23 alignments indicate that one or more introns remained unspliced.
For something like the sixth time in a month, a businessman I was talking to had just declared, in the tones of someone stating a profound insight, that the modern world economy no longer has room for scores of different national currencies--that the inexorable logic of globalization will soon force most countries to adopt the dollar, the euro, or the yen as their means of exchange.
All steady-state kinetic studies were performed in triplicate with recombinant L1 from at least three different enzyme preparations.
Gulf veterans and their supporters point to evidence that troops encountered many different chemical agents which, they believe, made thousands ill after coming home.
Fuji pointed out that Kodak had a larger market share in some regions of Japan than in others, and that at different points in the last two decades Kodak's market share actually fluctuated quite sharply.
You will find that each quartier has its own personality, different people to watch, and something special to offer.
A single TMA file may include several tma tags, allowing a collection of many different TMA data sets in a single document.
While the observed cancer diagnosis data did adjust for different populations-at-risk in the different ZIP codes, we also used New York State's adjustment for different age patterns as well.
Chemokines are small, positively charged, secreted proteins that consist of an N-terminal region of variable conformation, three antiparallel beta-pleated sheets connected by loops, and a C-terminal alpha helix [ 1 ] . These proteins are multifunctional, with different regions of the molecules, in particular the N- and C-termini, performing specific functions [e.g.
The method is based on application of discriminant analysis to alignment scores, in order to separate the scores for pairs of functionally identical proteins from different genomes from the scores for proteins with different functions.
But where have I ever said anything different?
More than thirty different types of products are described, including word processors, desktop publishing, fonts, translation packages, spelling checkers, and their applications.
We could also demonstrate consistency of the results when analyzed according to OR, RR, various quality dimensions and many different clinical settings (fig 2and 3).
Here you can see the original train that travelled on Europe’s first continental underground railway in 1896 — it’s hardly different to those on the current Millennium line.
8 to 16 hours after dsRNAi treatment, cells were transfected with different constructs and reporters.
Initial clinical hemodynamic and respiratory parameters were not statistically different between patients with and without septic shock.
Today we are accustomed to thinking of elements and atoms as one and the same; to the Greeks, atoms and elements represented efforts by different philosophic schools to explain the discrepancy between appearances and the true nature of things.
In other words, genes may have different noise levels in the spherical model, while both genes and experiments may have different noise levels in the elliptical model.
These lineage-specific genetic programs for cell adhesion and ECM interaction, although less active in cell culture, are not lost, but may be reactivated when cells are transplanted back into an in vivo environment, even if the new environment is different from the tissue of origin of the cancer.
The wide variations in frequency to choose sedation as an procedure in end-of-life care across different centres suggest different attitudes of doctors and policies of institutions rather than the patients' preferences or needs [ 26 ] . The purpose of this retrospective study was to investigate reasons for the request and the application of sedation in terminal situations in our palliative care unit in the years 1995-2002, and the relevance of guidelines.
If his partial-birth ban becomes law, women could still get a late-term abortion using a different method.
And the rules in the (civilian) government are different still.
We also examined two hypothalamus libraries; each constructed from age-matched male mice of the same strain, obtained from animals raised in different facilities.
Most of the people tagged by the right as anti-family values advocates are actually asserting mainstream ideas, like, there are many different family forms in contemporary America, working mothers are okay, and so forth.
The International Cemetery, established in 1854, is the last resting place of some 4,000 foreigners of 40 different nationalities who lived and died in Yokohama.
It is therefore important to determine whether different VEGF-A isoforms give rise to different quality or quantity of vessels.
Clearly, if probability mapping is to be considered a reliable approach, we expect that when analyzing quartets of mitochondrial genomes, the different genes should all support the same tree topology.
Note that local electric current is 100 volts/50 (or 60) cycles, which is slightly different from the US and completely different from Europe.
Preliminary allelism tests indicated there are at least three different bmr loci [ 25 ] . The bmr mutants that were part of this study did not show any major abnormalities in their growth and development.
The directive sought to accomplish this objective by designating, for different types of emergencies, an appropriate agency as "Incident Commander."
Statistical analysis of the differences between the efficacies of different ligands was carried out to distinguish the full agonists from the partial agonists.
Oxygen delivery after exercise has been found to be similar between healthy active older and younger subjects [ 35 ] . It was expected, however, that oxygen delivery would be different between the active and inactive individuals.
· to modify recommendations or to suggest different strategies when necessary
It takes the same year, same town, same questions, and many of the same events, and hunts for their meaning in a very different direction.
The computer-designed NIP3;1-pseudo last exon (132 residues) uses a different reading frame downstream of the conserved exon 5' splice site and extends beyond the conserved region for approximately 90 amino-acid residues.
Yes, there are some aspects to sports that are beautiful and admirable; and baseball in this regard is on a different plane than football; and soccer is even more engaging.
We sought to examine physicians' ability to predict the risk of CHD events and the effect of pharmacological lipid-lowering therapy for a wide range of primary prevention scenarios by asking physicians at three academic medical centers to complete a survey of 12 hypothetical scenarios concerning patients with different levels of CHD risk.
The findings for men undergoing PCI were somewhat different in that in all 3 settings there were increases in both the number of procedures as well as the age-adjusted rates.
A confusion of a different kind underlay the former Lima café San Sussy : there is no such saint in either the old or the expurgated Calendar of Saints, but there is Frederick the Great's famous castle Sans Souci (`without care').
The degree of decay varied both among and within populations for growth on different substrates (Table 1), and a substantial amount of functional decay occurred in two of the 36 clones sampled.
Also, we suggest a different splice site for PIP1;4 at the carboxy-terminal end of exon 2 (AAF02782).
In crafting GPRA, Congress recognized that different information users would have differing information needs.
In our matrix A' each row corresponded to a different gene and each column corresponded to one of 17 different conditions.
The analysis in example 4 focused on differences between the testosterone-age correlation in different patient groups using visual display and multiple regression methods.
Come summer, this garden will hardly look different from what it does now--a beautiful garden all of green, without flowers.
Using the repeated measures model methodology [ 20 21 ] allowed us to use more data points, since each covariate was updated at the different time points, and it gave us more power and a more robust estimation of the effect of gender on outcome than using baseline covariates would have done.
To each well, phosphodiesterase inhibitor 3-isobutyl-1-methylxanthine (IBMX) was added to a final concentration of 100 μM, followed by addition of agonists at different concentrations and incubation at 37°C.
The planarian species ( Planariidae family) are represented by different strains employing various modes of reproduction, including exclusively sexual, exclusively asexual, or both sexual and asexual [ 3 4 5 6 ] . Strains that reproduce exclusively asexually are genetically different to strains of the same species able to reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Supporting this, mutations in a number of different genes have recently been associated with familial forms of DCM [ 2 ] , and mutations in the gene encoding lamin A/C appear to be a significant component.
LBNL and the HGSC used slightly different strategies for gap filling.
Vorey had a different past.
When it comes to such subjects as lesbianism, drugs, and witchcraft, Brock's technique is slightly different.
' It's tempting to conclude from this that she's empty at the core, trying on different personas to hide her lack of a self."
This model assumes that the variation of gene expression patterns across different samples among different genes is due to several gene-specific latent factors.
The slow rise is followed by a non-desensitizing phase of the response that is dramatically different from the fast desensitization observed for wt 5-HT 3AS Rs.
Here's what the ad says, "A few decades ago, it was still possible to leave home and go somewhere else: The architecture was different, the landscape was different, the language, dress, and values were different.
The data presented below, with the exception of a few cases, are the output of ten slightly different trained networks, operating in test mode, which collectively evaluate the entire donor pool.
Using the Shimodaira-Hasegawa (SH) test [ 17 ] , this maximum likelihood topology was significantly different from the alternative hypotheses of Ecdysozoa ( P < 0.001) and Hypothesis III ( P < 0.001).
Using this system, we have visualized GFP-tagged chromatin in different cell types in living Arabidopsis plants.
By the last few times we saw her it was clearThat things were different.
Do the sons and daughters of alumni feel insecure because the standards used to evaluate their applications were significantly different (and lower) than those used for nonalumnae candidates?
The discrete absolute calls in MAS4 are determined in a completely different empirically manner.
We next considered the reproducibility of readouts of the same mRNA on different array designs.
To answer these questions and to define an optimal protocol for T7 based linear amplification, we carried out a series of amplification reactions under different conditions using total RNA isolated from primary human breast carcinomas.
Blalock et al [ 2 ] investigated the correlation of gene expression with cognitive impairment in rats of different ages.
Since the patients were studied in a tertiary care referral center, the severity of the disease and the prevalence of the manifestations might be different from the general 1°SS population.
The volatility of miRNA genes is further indicated by members of the miR-2/miR-13 K box subfamily [ 47 ] . Seven members were previously reported that are scattered in four genomic locations on three different chromosome arms, including a cluster of three mir-2 genes on 2L and a cluster of two mir-13 genes on 3R; we also identified an additional paralog of mir-2 ( mir-2c ) that is located in the mir-13 cluster.
The rules are different.
For this system, we show by comparing our predictions to literature results that we can predict regulatory modules using different levels of input - binding sites, regulatory sequence identified by 'promoter bashing'/sufficiency tests, and genomic sequence itself.
It was a simple matter to find words beginning with prefixes like anti-, pre-, pro-, un-, etc., but finding those that ended in -able, -graph, -ity, -ous , etc. was an entirely different matter.
To get a sense of the long-term implications of alternative national saving paths, we examined the economic outlook over the next 75 years under two different assumptions: (1) gross national saving remains constant at its 2000 share of GDP-18.
We implemented a heuristic variant of fuzzy k-means clustering that incorporated principal component analysis (PCA) and hierarchical clustering to analyze published yeast genomic expression data that followed the response of cells to different environments.
We did two different types of experiments.
We also analyzed two mutant strains that have either cell-autonomous ( Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-) or non-cell-autonomous ( Rag1 -/-) TEC defects, with blocks at different stages of thymocyte differentiation.
The fabric produced on personal looms in traditional patterns and colors is used in a variety of different products.
Because of tight resources, lack of travel funds, and the need to use staff with uneven experience and skills, this becomes critical in situations involving many evaluators working in different regions.
But if you care about your own sense of satisfaction, you'll enjoy pointing to 10 different charities and saying, "I gave to all those!"
It now hosts many different types of performance, but a circus always appears here at Christmas time.
The possibility of using CEP cells, both alone and in combination with different angiogenic growth factors, represents a promising means of obtaining stable vessels.
If only Klein weren't so categorically averse to American health culture, he might allow that a little self-imposed Puritanism now and then--a little punishing exercise here, a little culinary deprivation there--can be a sensual pleasure too, albeit of a different sort.
The Darwinian theme prominent in much of the discussion about dating just now reflects this world well: men and women, different by nature and with innately opposed interests, each trying to exploit the other first.
Comparing the results within a series and between different series, showed that variation between synonymous codons of the GLY family was greater than variation from one amino acid to another.
In addition to being used to study the population dynamics of phage and antibiotic treatment in general, the RCA could be employed to design and evaluate the efficacy of different antibiotic treatment protocols.
In such cases, the components may need to provide additional disclosures or different measurements required to comply with Federal GAAP.
This method is based on cross-correlation analysis [ 37 ] . Cross correlation is much like autocorrelation but is used to compare two different signals instead of one data set against itself.
In an economy where many products are hand-made, each item has a different value depending on the quality of workmanship it shows.
, where the values for the observed responses are statistically significantly different from the controls).
This caveat of the experimental system also implies that there could be considerable donor-to-donor variability in the effect of anti-CD81 mAb, as different donors could have different levels of endogenous CD81 costimulatory activity.
TP is reminded of the Saturday Night Live skit featuring 1,000 different ways to spell Col.
Speaking of local issues, the carpetbagger issue rankles me, too, but for different reasons.
The Malawian sample included 21 different haplotypes, 13 of which were shared with the Gambian population (Table 2, Figure 2).
Experience the formation of the continental plates and the development of different climatic regions, then explore the complex and dynamic interactions that make our planet work.
Exploring the coastline or interior of the Greek islands offers a different experience with each season of year.
Hierarchical cluster analysis of genes and experiments with different DHT treatment regimens.
This overlap was less than expected given the redundancy of the cDNA library analyzed here, at nearly 6,000 ESTs, and suggest that: first, libraries made by different methods are likely to result in different representation from an mRNA pool (either different genes or other portions of the same genes as a result of different 5' processivity); and second, that
The main USF isoforms USF1 (43 kDa) and USF2 (44 kDa) are ubiquitously expressed and encoded by separate genes [ 9 10 11 ] . In addition, more isoforms of USF2 are produced due to alternative splicing and utilization of different translation start sites [ 12 13 ] . USF factors exist as homo and heterodimers, and the heterodimer of USF1/USF2a seems to dominate, although there are cell-type specific variations [ 12 ] . USF1 and USF2 show different transactivating potential, and USF2 appears to be the functional transactivator of the GIRE complex, although both USF1 and USF2 are important for sustained dietary-induced expression of the fatty acid synthase gene in liver [ 14 ] .
One can quibble, as always, with some of the definitions presented in any dictionary, so this work is not different from many others in this respect.
frequent flyer miles for this unit's employees has become more problematic since the government contracted with a different carrier for one of the unit's most heavily traveled routes.
Clearly, the gene expression profiles are different across different cell line types.
A good question, but not only is everybody different--many of us are different at different times of life, maybe even at different times of day.
The diffusion of these soluble second messengers leads to the activation of PKA and PKC at specific subcellular locations [ 3 4 ] . The two families of the regulatory subunits of PKA, RI and RII, have distinct cAMP binding properties and phosphorylation states [ 4 5 ] . Each family has two different isoforms, a and (3, resulting in four distinct types, RIα, RIβ, RIIα, RIIβ.
For example, a hypothetical study conducted in New York and one conducted in Seattle may report different C-R functions for the relationship between PM and mortality, in part because of differences between these two study populations (e.g.
But the situation is different in practice (if not principle) in the case of products delivered over the Internet . Establishing nexus can be a tricky issue, for example, when it's a case of content--such as newspapers, magazines, books, videos, music, or computer software--being downloaded.
Furthermore, when comparing different inotropes such as high calcium and dobutamine, it is desirable not to use the same heart.
First, we analyzed data from the Munich Information Center for Protein Sequences (MIPS) A. thaliana database (MAtDB) [ 38, 39]; second, we carried out BLAST searches using different known EF-hand sequences (nucleotide and amino acid) against the Arabidopsis genome database and third, we searched the literature.
. And quantified standards have the added advantage of flexibility--they can be adjusted to different levels for different crimes.
The purpose of these experiments was to investigate the response to angiostatic gene therapy of the two selected lung tumours with different characteristics.
The use of performance indicators to compare care provided in different settings usually requires expensive data gathering.
The two sets of crystal complexes are examined for the different types of inter-atomic interactions at the interface.
This discovery, however, was the result of designing, building, and testing eight different tribrid fusion proteins [ 22 ] . Little is known about the mechanism whereby changes in channel conformation are converted to changes in the fluorophore, so it remains to be determined whether GFP can signal conformational changes in other kinds of proteins.
In general, cell lines with the same origin tend to have similar levels of the latent factors; therefore, these factors can be used for discriminating among the nine different cell lines.
The general pattern that there are clusters of higher than expected cancer incidence on Long Island is consistent with other studies of the same area, though the exact locations and shapes of the clusters vary with the methods used by different researchers.
We split the E. coli genome in three different components: 115 RNA features (a total of 40 kb, 1% of the genome), 4290 ORF features (4090 kb, 88% of the genome), and 2367 intergenic sequences of length ≥ 50 nt (500 kb, 11% of the genome).
Neither the government nor the publishing industry regulates the use of the term, and besides, there are many different kinds of best-seller lists published every week in the United States.
Selection of the time window and cytokine concentration for in vitro IL-2 studies was based on the pharmacokinetics of IL-2 [ 19], measuring biologically active serum IL-2 levels after administration of different doses of IL-2.
Three assemblies of the WGS data were made, each using a different version of the Celera Genomics assembly software.
Biochemical and structural analysis of the peptide-hydrolyzing enzymes of bacteria have revealed a large diversity of peptidases with different catalytic mechanisms.
The dollar value for URS is the average of the dollar values for the 7 different types of URS.
SMRs for all system were not significantly different from 1, indicating accurate overall mortality prediction.
One explanation given by Ovchinnikov et al . [ 44 ] is that the transcripts may have been internally primed at an A-rich sequence (see Additional data file and [ 44 ] ); a different type of internal priming is also required by a current model for 5' inversion of L1s [ 45 ] .
A different array was then named as the baseline.
A recent study examined effects of PPARα-specific induction in murine livers using cDNA microarrays [ 30 ] . Despite the different strain of mice examined (C57BL/6J) and the different genomic technology utilized for the examination of differentially expressed genes (cDNA microarrays), several genes were found differentially regulated in both experiments, indicating that the PPAR agonist and LC-PUFA affect gene expression through similar pathways.
If such activity is considered bribery when foreign nationals engage in it, why is it any different when domestic entities put our campaign system of legalized bribery to use?
Two manufacturers may be allowed access to the same trademark if their products are so different that their markets will not overlap and if there is no indication that the public will be confused by the names.
But what bond traders' reliance on technical analysis--the idea that future price movements can be deduced by studying the patterns of past price movements--speaks to is just how impossible it is to successfully predict a market in which every piece of potential information seems to point in two different directions at once, and in which there seems to be nothing that doesn't count as potential information.
However, this trade-off between today's consumption and tomorrow's consumption is somewhat different for an individual than for the nation.
A fixed tripeptide occurring in different proteins will have different side chain interactions, which in turn determine the range of φ, ψ angles.
It does help to explain how people can talk past each other, using the same words in the same language expressing the same meanings, but interpreting those meanings in relation to very different frameworks of concepts, beliefs, expectations, and values.
It's a sendup of the old model, but in a different way than, say, Hustler was, and the difference (surprise) reflects the sexual culture of the '90s.
A concern is that using a fixed number of clusters will force different classes into the same cluster owing to one or more outliers occupying a cluster.
Further insights into the nature of the resveratrol-induced morphologcial changes came from studies using selective inhibitors for different signaling pathways.
Furthermore, it would appear that it is unnecessary to propose different mechanisms for posttetanic potentiation and staircase.
When the total RNA was hybridized to two different U95A chips, the data were found to have a 0.915 pairwise correlation.
The combination of methodologies in the study of the same phenomenon or construct; a method of establishing the accuracy of information by comparing three or more types of independent points of view on data sources (for example, interviews, observation, and documentation; different investigations; different times) bearing on the same findings.
These data indicate that Az has a more general role in targeting different substrates to proteasome for degradation.
Previous studies have shown that E. coli DNA topoisomerase I cleavage of single-stranded DNA occurs with selectivity for sites with the C nucleotide base at the - 4 position [ 9 10 ] and that the enzyme preferentially cleaves at junctions of double-stranded and single-stranded DNA [ 8 ] . Several different 5'-end labeled substrates were prepared and used in cleavage assays to compare the cleavage sites selected by Top67 versus topoisomerase I. The results showed that with single-stranded substrates, Top67 also preferred cleavage sites with a C nucleotide base at the -4 position as reported for most of the type IA topoisomerases [ 12 ] . There were some differences from topoisomerase I in the relative distribution of cleavage products among the potential cleavage sites (Figure 4a,4b).
These mutant phenotypes were not uniform; different asci from the same cross were differentially affected (Figure 3).
By pushing a harsh anti-crime bill, proposing his own version of a balanced budget, and signing a welfare reform package very different from his own original notion, Clinton deprived Republicans of what they expected to be their three best issues.
Unfortunately, the set of genes believed to be differentially regulated due to HIV infection was found to be randomly distributed throughout the two sample t -test rankings both before and after different normalizations.
The problem, though, is that the ADR phenomenon has created a situation where U.S. investors are pouring billions of dollars into companies whose standards of financial disclosure and corporate governance are dramatically different from our own and which are, in some cases, nonexistent.
This led to the cloning of different K +channel subunits and the discovery of different K +channel types [ 5 ] . Subsequent to the cloning of Shaker , K +channel genes from the Shab , Shaw and Shal families (later renamed Kv2, Kv3, and Kv4, respectively, for clarity [ 6 ] ) were identified in Drosophila.
He must be reading different publications and attending different "movement" gatherings than I. My colleagues and I at the Competitive Enterprise Institute have criticized Newt Gingrich in the pages of the Washington Times , the Wall Street Journal , and Human Events for years.
The amplified RNA (aRNA) from different tissues of single larva was used to perform pairwise comparisons and to identify sets of genes with preferential expression.
They say 20 percent to 30 percent of those newly infected are carrying forms of the virus resistant to one of the 13 different medicines used in the combination-drug therapy most successful in treating AIDS, and that perhaps 10 percent are being exposed to viruses resistant to at least two of those drugs.
This is a methodological and comparative study to evaluate whether there is substantial benefit added by using a variety of techniques for geographic pattern detection at different spatial scales.
These three genes demonstrate typical two-dimensional likelihood surfaces in which the most likely expression levels are equivalent, different, and very different, respectively.
Many AKAPs have been identified, although information about their subcellular distribution in different tissues is largely lacking.
(Up to 6 different organ concentrations can be plotted on the same graph).
We note that other array platforms may generate different effects of mismatches due to probe length or to the fact that the cRNA used in our experiments was fragmented to about 100 bases.
An array of regulatory systems mediate activation or repression of expression of specific batteries of viral genes that are required at different phases of the life cycle.
The large number of myosins in class XI could be the result of gene duplication or specialization of function in different tissues or different life cycle times.
The results of the multivariable linear regression analysis are presented in Table 2. For both FVC and FEV1 adjusted for height squared, mean values were only minimally smaller for the HTLV-I group, and no different at all for the HTLV-II group, both compared to HTLV seronegatives.
At CASP4, we mixed and matched different move sets and search methods for sampling protein conformational space.
However, a new class of AKAPs was discovered when two dual-specific AKAPs (D-AKAP1 and D-AKAP2) were cloned using a fusion protein of the RIα as the bait in a yeast two-hybrid screen [ 15 16 ] ). Therefore, the contrasted distribution pattern between RI and RII may in part be due to selective association with different compartmentalized pools of AKAPs.
Unlike the distributions observed for bladder and external urethral sphincter [ 10 ] where there was considerable overlap as well as a large number of double-labeled neurons, the results for bladder and prostate in this work are quite different.
The next day, the CIA representative told the CSG that al Qaeda members believed the upcoming attack would be "spectacular," qualitatively different from anything they had done to date.
Many still think so, but in recent years a late-stage hard core of Z-film specialists has developed a different view.
Libraries could be constructed by hybridization of SSR probes with different set of AFLP fragments resulted from changing different one-base at 3' end of AFLP primers, which should have 16 possible primer combinations, or with different set of restriction fragments resulted from using different restriction enzyme combinations.
Van Gogh calls for a different treatment, it seems to me, one that places him more firmly in his time and place and acknowledges his spirited engagement with literature and popular culture.
Different probes within the same probe set generally respond very differently to mRNA sample fragments.
Experience confirms that uncontrolled studies can give different results than RCTs [ 35 36 ] ; the Quinean analysis gives a diagnosis of those differences.
Elutriation, as used in this investigation, probably selects a somewhat different population.
Different amounts of the crude SPM protein, 2, 4, 6, 8, and 12 μg, were used to obtain the standard curves for each antibody.
In a slightly different category is a Afro-Caribbean user of words who flourishes, particularly at the folk level, immensely enjoying word-use as an exercise--even a challenge.
The FDR provides a different point of view on how the errors in multiple testing should be controlled.
But the Michael Ovitz deal was of a different, better kind.
Though they hailed from four different countries-Egypt, the United Arab Emirates, Lebanon, and Yemen-they had formed a close-knit group as students in Hamburg, Germany.
No one can hide his or her debt by acquiring a credit card with a slightly different name.
Each structural class shows different patterns of interaction with amino acids in this region of the receptor.
The implicit assumption in the PD game that different individuals do not vary in their payoffs for certain interactions is so fundamentally important that we suggest it may pose a critical problem, rather than just "another" complication, for the Prisoner's Dilemma model.
If the test organisms have been cultured in water which is different from the test dilution water, a second set of controls, using culture water, should be included in the test.
Now, though, everything is different.
It is important to mention that our experiments were conducted at similar passage levels (passage 6 to 8) in both groups, since senescence of fibroblasts is associated with a shift from the biosynthesis of PGI 2 to TXA 2 [ 24 25 ] . It is possible that the difference seen in our study between HF-IPF and HF-NL could result from comparing fibroblasts of different ages.
But the United States' different principles for trade with Cuba are about to cause it trouble, thanks to the World Trade Organization--the newly established referee to police international trade disputes that Clinton was so proud to establish (and Congress to vote for) at the end of 1994.
The print-media straw polls (very different from today's political straw polls but equally inaccurate) featured clip-out coupons that readers sent in to cast ballots for their preferred candidate.
This approach could be expanded to encompass many different fluorophores.
The pharmacokinetics of different solutes depends on different sets of PBPK parameters.
In that case, the conglomeration of so many different kinds of assets might be seen as anti-competitive.
The problems associated with sedation in end-of-life care and the different attitudes among clinicians and palliative care experts are reflected in inconsistent terminology [ 5 ] , variation in techniques used to induce, maintain and monitor sedation [ 6 ] , duration of and frequency of application, different concepts on the time of administering sedation and on intentions [ 7 ] . While the ambiguous term "terminal sedation (TS)" [ 8 9 ] is used most often, other terms more clearly reflect the different viewpoints: "sedation for intractable distress in the imminently dying [ 10 11 ] ;", end-of-life sedation [ 12 ] "slow-euthanasia" [ 13 ] , "palliative sedation" [ 14 ] , "total sedation" [ 15 ] , "sedation in the final phase", "palliative sedation therapy" [ 16 ] .
I agree that this eligibility factor is a bad one, but for entirely different reasons.
To assess the degree of similarity among the different methods, correlation coefficients were calculated in pair-wise comparisons of these averaged datasets.
The different drummer is the New York Times , which gives front page space to the budget story, but leads with the announcement of new federal aid for New York's hospitals.
Lamins A and C are two different proteins produced by alternative splicing from the same gene.
When they become malignant, there is usually a morphologically apparent focus from within the large lesion that has crowding, irregular growth pattern and marked cellular atypia that is strikingly different from the surrounding cells.
application of case study methods brings together the findings from case studies done at different times.
Conversely, duplicated gene identifiers that are found at different genome coordinates are either renamed or removed.
To test the efficacy of our system, we evaluated ECGs in mice of either sex, of several strains, and of different ages.
The result of this evolution is that there is now both a plural media and a singular media, and each means something different.
So Torricelli took a different tack, objecting to the Republican version of the amendment because it didn't contain any provision for the above-mentioned capital budget, and proposing an amendment to the amendment to provide for one, pending the report of the Torch Commission.
Greek atomism was fashioned in a different workshop.
That's mainly because "Latinos in Chicago are in a different migration cycle.
So let me draw a slightly different moral from the saga of beach volleyball as it has evolved in our times: If, as Speaker Gingrich says, the price of volleyball is eternal freedom, still it may take a village to raise a volleyball net.
Tropical houses within this stunningly beautiful garden contain some 18,000 different species of exotic plants, and there’s also a smell and touch garden for the blind.
The reason for including different ethnic groups into this study was, more importantly, to increase variability in exposure (ie soy intake) not to study the effect of soy foods in each ethnic group separately.
Tag immortalized human tracheal epithelial (HTE) cells grown at different densities and assayed for cytokeratins 6 and 18 showed a density dependent decrease in cytokeratin immunoreactivity and a concomitant increase in %G 1 both in normal growth medium and in differentiation medium (Frisa & Jacobberger, unpublished).
Analysis of these reveals the presence of transcripts encoding 74 different ribosomal proteins (RPs).
We needed a graphical annotation tool that could be used easily at multiple sites with different data-management environments.
As two examples for STRPs on chromosome 1 in Set 12: GATA26G09N indicates that one of the original primers for GATA26G09 was changed to correct a sequencing error without change in allele sizes, and GGAA3A07Z indicates that one of the primers for GGAA3A07 was shifted along the chromosome resulting in different allele sizes.
In planning your trip to Nepal, you can, according to your interests, divide your time between several quite different itineraries.
Several lines of evidence suggest that the SCF pathway is also conserved in the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe . Pcu1p, a Cdc53p/CUL1-related protein, was shown to associate with two different F-box/WD repeat proteins, Pop1p and Pop2p, when overexpressed [ 18 ] . In addition, genetic studies demonstrated that both of these F-box proteins are simultaneously required for efficient destruction of Rum1p and the replication initiator Cdc18p [ 18 19 20 ] . Rum1p is a Sic1p-analogous CDK inhibitor, which accumulates in G1, but is degraded as cells enter S phase [ 21 22 ] . Failure to degrade Rum1p is the major phenotypic defect of pop1 and pop2 deletion strains, which leads to disturbance of normal cell cycle progression, resulting in polyploidy [ 18 19 20 23 ] . Based on the genetic data and the biochemical observation that Pop1p and Pop2p interact when overexpressed, a putative SCF Pop1p-Pop2pcomplex was proposed, which would contain the heterooligomerizing F-box proteins Pop1p and Pop2p bound to SCF core components [ 18 20 ] .
The selective forces acting to keep these genes together could indeed be different when the run is composed of different functional classes.
This difference in binding site interactions of the antagonist d -tc and the agonists 5-HT and m CPBG could be the result of a slightly different positioning of d -tc in the binding site.
The doctor explained this was not uncommon (apparently the detergent used by some motels can cause an allergic reaction) and sent her home with three different prescriptions, which returned her skin to its previous lustrous condition but rendered her semi-comatose.
Markers in different linkage groups were used to carry out maximum likelihood calculations to estimate breakage probabilities and distances between markers using another program RHMAXLIK.
The results of our trial-and-error optimization technique forselecting the traditional BPNN architecture indicate the importanceof selecting the optimal NN architecture for each different epistasismodel.
That these genes belong to multiple, distinct clusters reflects the condition-specific roles of the encoded proteins and suggests that their conditional expression with these alternative groups of genes is triggered by different cellular signals.
The importance of geographic location can be explained by the availability of radiation facilities on the different Hawaiian Islands.
Specifically, using a battery of approaches allows us to quantify different aspects of clusters; to explore different scales of clustering, and to evaluate how sensitive the results are to different definitions of clustering.
Figure 5shows the two different lead configurations for interference testing.
Fibulin-1 is a calcium-binding extracellular matrix glycoprotein that is associated with various connective tissues, basement membranes and blood [ 37 38 39 ] . Splicing of the C terminal domain of fibulin-1 can lead to the expression of different variants of fibulin-1 (A-D) [ 37 ] . The amino acid sequence of the human fibulin-1C protein encodes five domains: a signal sequence (35 amino acid residues), three anaphylatoxin type I repeats (108 residues), an adjoining sequence (33 amino acid residues), nine calcium-binding type II EGF-like modules (387 amino acid residues), and a carboxyl domain (116 amino acid residues) [ 37 ] . The amino acid sequence derived from the nucleotide sequence obtained for monkey fibulin-1C (GenBank accession number AF395659) shows it to share 97.
Ponomarenko et al . [ 28] constructed weight matrices for many different transcription factor binding sites using mono-, di-, and trinucleotide motifs allowing correlation between non-adjacent positions by specifying X 1 NX 3 and X 1 NX 3 NX 5 motifs, where X i is the nucleotide at position i of the motif and N is any nucleotide.
Before it was discovered that a hydraulic lift could be used with the batteries stored in the trunk of the car, different methods were used to lower the chassis of the car.
In that study, the values for MHCs I, IIa, and IIx were not markedly different from those reported here for normal rat diaphragm by RT-PCR.
Federal agencies must determine what information is both relevant and essential to different internal and external information users and include only the information the users require.
Thus, these analyses of single and adjacent nucleotides reveal several strong biases in the distribution of nucleotides in different structural environments.
3 It should be noted that the toxicity (LC50) of a sample observed in a range-finding test may be significantly different from the toxicity observed in the follow-up chronic definitive test because: (1) the definitive test is longer; and (2) the test may be performed with a sample collected at a different time, and possibly differing significantly in the level of toxicity.
Every mobile phone was tested in three different positions next to the phantom, using 2 different electrode configurations and 8 different stimulation parameters, SeeFF Table 1. Altogether, 960 different test configurations were examined.
The intermediate nature of the KirBac P-M2 region between sequences of the eukaryotic Kir family and several other K +channel families can be analyzed several different ways.
Headlined "1998: More than just Monica," it highlighted the news priorities that prevailed in different countries during the period.
Averaging over different methods and contexts
This difference is due to the different interest rates used to discount future cash flows for calculating the subsidy cost (and subsidy allowance) when the loan is made and for calculating the cost of modification at a later time.
If she remarks on the "tradition" being different for her birthday this year than last, simply tell her that you are following her lead about what level of celebration is appropriate.
In addition, there seems to be a significant variation in the hybridization properties across different chip series, as can be observed from simple statistics on the number of probe pairs with MM hybridizing better than PM (see Results).
The cysteinyl leukotrienes (CysLT), LTC, LTD, and LTE, were first shown to be essential mediators in asthma [ 29 ] . However, when the mouse leukotriene B4 receptor (m-BLTR) gene, was cloned it was shown to have significant sequence homology with chemokine receptors (CCR5 and CXCR4), co-receptors for many different HIV-1 clades [ 30 ] . Along the same lines, when cells were infected with 10 primary clinical isolates of HIV-1, leukotriene B4 receptor was primarily utilized for efficient entry into cells which were mainly of the syncytium-inducing phenotype [ 31 ] . Therefore, up-regulation of neuropeptide Y-like receptor and down-regulation of leukotriene B4 receptor in Tat expressing cells indicates a selective advantage of one class of virus (CCR5) over another (CXCR4).
The regulation of expression and the kinetics of interaction of these isoforms with different proteins can lend complexity to cell signaling.
To distinguish between these possibilities, we examined whether SecB was able to bind LA57-N 102LTusing two different methods to identify interactions.
According to the NYT , general operating losses and cuts in government payments have prompted the country's biggest HMOs--such names as Pacificare, Kaiser Permanente and Blue Cross and Blue Shield--to quit Medicare and Medicaid coverage in many different markets.
EUROPEN FOR BUSINESS: Now that the money is a different color, foreigners will be able to buy a lot more things, or perhaps a lot fewer.
Hazmi and Mihdhar immediately started looking for a different place to stay.
The Act fosters service innovation by assigning the Postal Service responsibility "to provide types of mail service to meet the needs of different categories of mail and mail users[.
Although the various narrators might sound exactly the same, they would have different names, and one, a sister.
As array images usually have different overall image brightness (Figure 9a), especially when they are generated at different times and places, proper normalization is required before comparing the expression levels of genes between arrays.
The surface roughness values of the insides of the different coping groups are shown in Table 1. No significant difference existed between the three combinations (p = 0.2239).
This calendar was used during the interview to help them remember what they were doing during different periods of their lives and whether drinking alcohol was involved.
The alternative explanation, namely that the gene coding for the common ancestor of the Redβ and RecT already co-occurred with the sbcC gene is far less likely because it would require over 10 independent losses of this, apparently, functionally advantageous organization in different bacterial and bacteriophage lineages.
The discovery of transcripts with different introns spliced out raises the question of whether the different spliced products are translated and whether the splicing differences reflect programmed developmental variation or simply splicing errors.
After a few days, befriended and coached by these veterans of a different time and a different kind of war, most of us revived enough to make do behind the barbed wire in the blighted landscape.
This protein scaffold clearly provides a modular structure that is easily adapted to bind different substrates in proximity to bound ATP.
The central issue in the dispute between Microsoft and the Justice Department is whether Windows 95, the operating system, and Internet Explorer, the Web browser, are two separate products or different parts of one single product.
To investigate whether the diminished amount of sectoring allowed by the different mutant versions of Boi1 might be due to effects of the amino-acid substitutions on the concentration of Boi1 (e.g.
\m); (*) is `a warning that the British and American pronunciations are different in an important and unpredictable way' (e.g.
3) When Alignment A is used to develop homology models, most residues that are highly conserved both within and between the different families interact with residues of other transmembrane segments.
For the first 15 years, the personal computer had no direct competition with mainframes--they simply did different things.
Birn's experience as a prosecutor gives her a radically different take on the legal testimony Goldhagen bases much of his book on, for the most part confessions of death squad members.
Likewise, the civil rights movement and anti-Vietnam War protests brought different forms of "political" violence to places ranging from Little Rock Central High in Arkansas to Kent State University in Ohio.
They stick to an odd collection of English words which have a different meaning or are nonexistent in English-speaking countries.
Another set of experiments used for benchmarking algorithms is the comparison between two experiments where mRNA prepared from the same tissue sample was hybridized twice under slightly different conditions.
The ability to bind different acidic phospholipids appears to be a fairly common attribute of PH domains [ 11 12 ] . For example, five out of ten PH domains in one study were judged to bind to PS with affinity similar to that for PIP 2 and other inositol-based phospholipids, suggesting that many PH domains bind promiscuously to negatively charged phospholipids [ 11 ] .
Both non-neuronally derived trypsin inhibitors tested yielded results different from that of PN-1 suggesting they possess different protease specificities, affinities, or functions.
The sequences of all proteins encoded in the analyzed genomes were compared to each other using the gapped BLASTP program [ 37 ] . Reciprocal, genome-specific BeTs were collected at different expectation (E) value cutoffs (0.
The convergence of three independently constructed maps based on different approaches, suggests that the current maps are reliable, will perhaps undergo minor changes, and will be useful for mapping of disease loci to the interval.
Figure 5lists the functional categories of those QuartOPs that strongly support the different tree topologies.
Human chromosome 15q11-q13 is associated with genomic disorders involving deletions, duplications and triplications of different intervals in this region.
The results presented, herein, strongly suggest that transactivation of RTKs does not make a significant contribution to DSLET-induced ERK activation in at least two different cell lines.
The purpose of the present study was to determine the effects of clozapine administered centrally at two different sites, spinal (L6-S1 spinal segments) vs. supraspinal (lateral ventricle), on micturition and the external urethral sphincter during cystometry in the anesthetized rat.
Birth weight is a composite of fetal growth and length of gestation, each of which has different contributors and different sequelae.
These data can serve several different purposes, including informing clinicians of conditions that are prevalent in their communities, providing detailed and timely information to health plans that need to allocate scarce resources, and to public health programs to allow early recognition and response to changing disease patterns.
Under ideal circumstances, a single paraffin TMA block can be sectioned into nearly identical glass slides dispensed to many different laboratories.
However, the genes identified in the present study are significantly different from those reported by others, which may reflect differences in the approaches used and types of tissues analyzed [ 42 43 44 45 ] . This preliminary study serves as groundwork for our laboratory, and we believe, it will be worthwhile to examine their role in ECs.
Because the model in equation (1) was dynamic, the long run impact of an explanatory variable on weight was the estimated coefficient in equation (1) divided by (1-a 8 ). Indicator variables for the observations from Exams 3 and 4 were included in the model to allow different time means in all 4 examinations.
Secondary infection was defined as the identification of a new site of infection or the emergence of a different organism at the same site, generally requiring a change in antibiotic management.
Three different properties of the regression line could be considered as measures of a codon's (or amino acid's) response to GC content: the slope (which describes the rate of response, or sensitivity, to GC content variation), the intercept (marking the lower boundary of GC content, at which the codon/amino acid is predicted to disappear), and the correlation coefficient (describing the degree of variation in codon/amino-acid usage that can be understood in terms of genome GC content).
In cases where different homolog classes are known to exist, these analog groups are designated with Roman numerals, for example, AroA I or AroA II . Different subgroups within a homology class are usually distinguished with α, β, and γ designations.
These estimated latent factors provide a summary of gene expressions over different cell lines.
Analyzing patterns of term occurrence in groups of genes with different degrees of association
For the nomenclature we needed an agreed vocabulary of terms to describe the different anatomical features of the Drosophila embryo and the different stages of embryonic development.
As well as using different assembly methods, Cel2 and MGSCv3 also used different mouse strains.
Whereas processes of cell division and metabolism may be more in common from one cancer to the next, processes of cell adhesion and ECM interaction are likely to be very different between different cell types.
Selection on the different classes of genes
Then in the supporting text, she suggested addressing the different people who might be doing the screening and the need to tie it to intervention.
, the highest concentration of toxicant in which the values for the observed responses are not statistically significantly different from the controls).
A third group, not of different ethnic origin from the Japanese mainstream but unquestionably inferior in status, are the burakumin (“village dwellers,” a euphemism for their old caste name — meaning “much filth” — which was officially abolished at the end of the 19th century).
Next door to the Van Gogh Museum is another, whose stately exterior presents a very different impression to its contents.
Spring is a wonderful time to visit when the lilacs, rhododendron, and magnolia are in bloom; the 130 different maples put on a blazing show in the fall.
Additional studies will need to be done to determine if and when different transcription start sites are used.
Toward the End of Time might seem different from his other novels because of the sci-fi trappings, which do get rather fantastic.
Here each gene has its own expression patterns over different samples.
The preferred form in AE is different from, the alternative is different than; in BE, the preferred form is also different from, but the alternative is dif ferent to.
5'-RACE (Life Technologies) was also used to try to identify longer clones using several different lower primers.
Either way, throughout his tenure he avoided making decisions, instead deferring to the president and playing different factions within his own government off one another.
Institutional investors may have concerns different from those of individual investors regarding expectations for corporate governance and the role of the board of directors.
But as we know, a book's quality and its success are two different things.
In the end, Schickel seems happiest simply basking in the star's aura, preferring the company of Eastwood "in the fading light of certain wintry afternoons" to trudging around and interviewing anyone with a different version of events or a contrasting point of view.
A persistent octogenarian might convince a younger couple to have his clone and raise it, but that is not much different from fathering a child via a surrogate mother.
This variability was much smaller than the biological variation seen between pairs of arrays from different animals (10 μg arrays, Table 4).
The availability of ESTs representing different developmental stages of Meloidogyne will allow an examination of changes in gene representation between stages, and in turn an understanding of the relative importance of various metabolic processes at different stages of development.
(Click to see A Harvest .) Yet students of these photos noticed some time ago that the same corpses seem to show up in different places on the battlefield, and they concluded that the photographer had "arranged" the dead in order to achieve pleasing tableaux.
Sales of different types of Government assets.
Homophony and, more commonly, near-homophony, in which different words or phrases sound exactly or nearly alike, can be just as problematic as syntactic ambiguity.
Kir7 was selected because it is the Kir subfamily most distant from the other Kir subfamilies, as indicated in Table 1. Of the different K +channel families, KirBac's were found to be most similar to the Kir superfamily in the PsiBlast searches primarily because of the homology of their similar, relatively long C-terminal sequences following the M2 segments.
Substantively, the question he poses at the outset of his letter is one that we should all answer: Why is this space different from any other space?
"Although you could previously only move joints that were in the hand [as opposed to the fingers], the plastic in the legs of Barbie dolls allows patients to position fingers in different flexion," she told the Duke University Chronicle . Glenn Hostetter, the medical center prosthetics clinical supervisor, noted that the technique is an inexpensive way to provide articulation in a finger and that it will help prosthetic fingers become functional as well as cosmetic appendages.
The displays for the different genotypes differ at many positions, but inter-karyonidal variation is very slight, by comparison.
0), used in this study, has a different procedure for dealing with high signals from MM probes.
Immunoblotting for the detection of Syk protein utilized a rabbit anti-Syk antibody generated against a different epitope (SC-1077, Santa Cruz Biotechnology).
Roughly 25% of the identified fuzzy clusters were statistically enriched (with P <2 × 10 -4) for genes that contain copies of at least one of 43 different promoter elements, and more than half of these clusters were enriched for multiple sites (the complete results are available at [ 14]).
To some extent these quantitative differences may reflect the different properties of microarray and RNA blot hybridizations.
An alternate hypothesis would place the N-benzyl group in a different position, interacting with another amino acid; either solely or in concert with R91.
They tap into a universal condition of childhood--the sense of being misunderstood, different, special.
Third, the autopromotion software must synthesize different analysis results, some of which may be conflicting.
But that doesn't excuse the way some directors have responded to these pressures: with a style of populism that is very different from a genuine democratic sensibility.
As exposure to each compound has a different risk, we standardized the exposure by multiplying the estimated average annual concentration of each compound by its Unit Risk Estimate (URE) as shown in Equation 1. The URE is the lifetime risk of excess cancer cases predicted to come from continuous exposure to a compound at a concentration of 1 μg/m 3in the air (for more information see definition on the NATA website, http://www.epa.gov/ttn/atw/nata/gloss1.html.
Thymocyte development occurs within a complex network of cells, extracellular matrix, and secreted factors referred to as the thymic microenvironment [ 1 ] . Current evidence suggests that this microenvironment is created during fetal thymus organogenesis through stage-dependent interactions between differentiating thymic epithelial cells (TECs) and developing thymocytes [ 2 3 4 5 6 ] . Therefore, blocks at different stages of thymocyte development result in differential effects on TEC differentiation and function.
The thing that I think will totally mess up businesspeople when they consider Hong Kong and, to a different degree, the rest of China, is the extent to which e-commerce--and the Net--will catch on.
Human breast tumorigenesis is a multistage process encompassing complex cellular transformation from normalcy to malignancy [ 1 ] . It has been proposed that multiple, different cellular events dictate the biochemical changes that allow normal cells to become highly malignant.
Each sheet contains the most significant 100 MZ values from a training set consisting of a different 80% subset of the data.
Based on the level of gene expression on the HuGeneFL chips, different groups were made for gene expression level ranging from, for example, -100,000 to -10,000, -10,000 to -1,000 and so on.
cDNA prepared from 0.5 μg RNA was subjected to PCR using murine gene-specific primers for 8 different cytokines and chemokines (Table 1) as previously detailed [ 18 ] . All of the primer pairs spanned at least one intron in the corresponding genomic DNA.
Furthermore, few frequent flyer seats were available at desired travel times, transfers of free tickets to other employees took time and effort, and employees who flew on different airlines often took a long time to accumulate enough miles for free trips.
Rooms are all different, but singles are disappointingly plain.
The last time I visited your general part of the country, I learned a different but equally interesting regional dietary lesson: Apparently, restaurants around there do not feel that a salad is really a salad unless it has first been deep fried and then soaked in a heavy cream sauce.
However, if the age distribution of a study population from an "all population" study is different from the age distribution in the assessment population, and if pollutant effects vary by age, then bias can be introduced into the benefits analysis.
Second, different cell adhesion and ECM-related genes are upregulated in tumors of different cell types (A549 versus U118); if the upregulation were due to a common mouse source, then the same genes should have appeared upregulated in both cell types, given that the cells were grown in the same site.
In interpreting our results it is useful to keep clearly in mind the different spatial scales of observation.
Another disadvantage of our classic approach to molecular-mass determination was that the gel filtration and velocity sedimentations were done on different time scales (~1 hour vs. 15-18 hours).
Having proved that he is a sentient human being, he subtly points his questioner in a different direction--weren't practices similar to this one actually common under previous presidents?
Having a classification allows us to compare two different instances based on the inherited properities of their classes.
They all might look the same, but they are different; people are very different and react in different ways.
The racial discrepancy of this casting choice doesn't bother me nearly as much as the fact that portraying Edgar Allen Poe as a guy with a high-pitched, breathless voice who has had a ton of plastic surgery would put such a completely different spin on what might have been the psychological issues behind the writing of those scary twisted stories that it just might be impossible to ever really enjoy them again.
In this study we used large scale human genome-wide expression data to study the relationship between the expression patterns of different protein families.
Observed variations in gene-expression profile could be due to differential gene expression in individual cells, shifting proportions of different cell subsets, or a combination of the two.
They all might look the same, but they are different; people are very different and react in different ways.
We show that the 3B5 antibody identifies six distinct LHR protein variants in three different mammalian species.
This final point is important because the V3 region is highly variable and usually contains information sufficient to differentiate between different bacterial species.
This analysis shows that the different sources of RNA cluster together, as expected.
The use of residence as a surrogate for exposure clearly is invalid whenever causative exposures largely occur outside of the home - for this study "outside of the home" means in a different ZIP code zone.
Two surveys administered to different samples of households: (1) Quarterly Interview Survey and (2) Diary Survey
The average IOP of different cohorts of strains CBA/CaJ, CBA/CaHN (both high end of spectrum) and B6 were consistent over time.
This method of data interpretation showed that some muscle biopsies showed very little variance between different regions of the same biopsy, while other patient biopsies showed considerable variability (see Fig.
They are pitched, however, at different audiences.
If the number of neutral neighbors (the neutrality, ν) of all viable sequences is approximately the same, and the fraction of neutral mutations of a viable sequence is on average much larger than the probability that a completely random sequence is viable, then w ( d + 1) can be approximated by [ν/( L κ- L )] w ( d ), where L is sequence length and κ denotes the number of different bases that can occur (κ = 4 for RNA).
Some of the most comprehensive and sophisticated human PBPKs have been developed to describe the pharmacokinetics of volatile toxic solvents such as toluene [ 32 44 45 ] , styrene [ 46 47 ] , and methyl chloride [ 48 ] . The most involved models incorporate several different fat and muscle compartments with different flows and allow for changes with time in the blood flows as the subject's exercise level varies [ 45 47 48 ] . These studies have also introduced a Bayesian approach to determine the population distribution of the PBPK parameters [ 45 47 ] . PKQuest cannot complete with these PBPKs for this class of solutes.
Such searches, with Redβ proteins from different lambdoid bacteriophages as queries, retrieved not only other obvious Redβ homologs, but also the RecT protein family.
We also have a different kind of theatrical tradition, which is less talky and intellectualized than the British one.
All the sites rely on essentially the same package of NWS data, satellite photos, and Doppler images, so they do have a certain laundry-detergent quality: same powder, different box.
The most straightforward version of this type of analysis, to which we hereinafter refer to as 'genome-tree' building, involves scaling-up the traditional tree-building approach and analyzing the phylogenetic trees for multiple gene families (in principle, all families represented in many genomes), in an attempt to derive a consensus, 'organismal' phylogeny [ 3 4 5 ] . However, because of the wide spread of horizontal gene transfer and lineage-specific gene loss, at least in the prokaryotic world, comparison of trees for different families and consensus derivation may become highly problematic [ 6 7 ] . Probably due to all these problems, a pessimistic conclusion has been reached that prokaryotic phylogeny might not be reconstructable from protein sequences, at least with current phylogenetic methods [ 4 ] .
You must be the queen of coincidence to have worked for over 20 years at different places where the delivery of paychecks was erratic.
If, however, she is under 18, then he has a completely different problem.
Eight pairs of RNA samples (eight control and eight treated samples) were collected on different occasions.
When he gets to the nick he will then holler for a brief of an entirely different kind, namely his lawyer--a solicitor; and if the case goes as far as court, the brief will very likely have engaged a mouthpiece --in Britain a barrister, in the USA a trial lawyer--to speak for him.
Rep proteins of circoviruses, nanoviruses and geminiviruses consist of two domains, specifically, a N-terminal nicking domain (with conserved motifs 1, 2 and 3) and a C-terminal SF3 helicase domain (conserved motifs A, B and C) [ 21 22 ] . Conserved sequence motifs 1-3 are characteristic of Rep proteins that utilize the rolling circle mechanism of replication employed by different groups of viruses (circoviruses, nanoviruses, geminiviruses, bacteriophage φ ×-174) [ 21 23 24 25 ] . However, replication-associated proteins of animal parvoviruses, which utilize the rolling hairpin mechanism of replication, only contain motifs 2 and 3 [ 23 ] .
But you can also learn about grammatical patterns that you'd never be able to judge otherwise--the ratio of "different from" to "different than" in texts, for example.
The intron insertion positions are different between the four sub-groups but are conserved within a sub-family, with the exception of PIP2;4 where intron 2 is located at approximately the same position as the introns 2 in TIPs.
Furthermore, bias and heteroscedasticity are both measurably present in all data that we have examined from microarrays from a number of different manufacturers and from several different laboratories.
But cyber-libertarians say something different.
The French treasures are also somewhat mutilated, queue [XXII,1] is feminine not masculine: tirer le diable par la queue; appuyer sur le champignon means to step on the gas, le champignon being the slang term for accelerator; in vivre comme un coq en pâte there is no acute accent on the e; it is une [not un ] autre paire de manches that the French use for something that is entirely different.
It is noteworthy to point out that the dominant/irreversible inhibitory effects of IFN-γ on osteoclastogenesis are fundamentally different to the transient/reversible inhibitory effects of IL-4 on this process, which are mediated by STAT6 inhibition of NFκB activation [ 49 50 ] . In the present article, we demonstrate that RANKL-induced osteoclastogenesis cannot be recovered following exposure to IFN-γ.
Two-hybrid and microarray expression studies are both known to have a sizable fraction of systematic errors (for instance, self-activators in two-hybrid experiments, and cross-hybridization in microarrays), but when looking at the intersection of the two, the true signals tend to reinforce one another, whereas the systematic errors in the two tend to be different and are reduced further into the noise.
The present assay used segregated sexes, which is a different environment.
Liver diseases associated with 1°SS include primary biliary cirrhosis (PBC)-autoimmune cholangitis [ 8 9 10 ] , autoimmune hepatitis [ 5 6 ] , viral hepatitis (B and C) [ 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 ] , sclerosing cholangitis [ 22 ] , and nodular regenerative hyperplasia [ 23 ] . In addition, chronic lymphocytic sialadenitis has been found in patients with different types of liver cirrhosis [ 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 ] .
Pyridine-2,6-bis(thiocarboxylic acid) (pdtc) is an iron-regulated metabolite produced by certain pseudomonads that is highly reactive towards metals by virtue of a pair of thiocarboxylate groups and ring nitrogen that combine to form a non-specific, high affinity, tri-dentate ligand (Figure 1) [ 1 2 ] . The formation constants for Co, Cu, and Fe complexes of pdtc were determined to be greater than 10 33 [ 3 ] . Uptake studies using 59Fe showed that addition of pdtc to the growth medium of two different pdtc-producing pseudomonads increased the efficiency of iron uptake by 20% [ 1 ] . The contribution of pdtc to iron uptake may be due to the fact that the copper complex of pdtc (Cu:pdtc) has the ability to reduce both soluble and mineral forms of ferric iron) [ 1 ] . Not surprisingly, in light of its high affinity for essential metals, pdtc also exhibits antimicrobial activity [ 4 ] .
It is known to survive desiccation for days to weeks and can be aerially transmitted [ 10 ] . It tends to invade irritated tissue and infections are a common complication of diaper rash after prolonged contact with urine and faeces [ 11 12 ] . Although it can be part of the natural skin and nasal microflora, risks of infection vary widely among different strains and increase with exposure to virulent strains from other sources.
The differences between the two electronic transcript databases are likely to be due to the different criteria used by the two groups for clustering and assembly of EST and mRNA sequences.
So he tacks on different ending by turning, in his own words, to "an unbelievably grim scenario."
5. ERα immunoreactivity was highest in isolated CT cells (CT), moderate in young syncytial aggregates (yST) and virtually undetectable (not significantly different from background values) in mature syncytia (mST).
Antecedent infection with many different microbes is often associated with the development of autoimmune disease in humans, but the pathogenic mechanisms involved, if any, are unknown.
It consists ~1000 copies of ~20,000 different tiny, acentric linear chromosomes.
Also important was for members to consistently send the same representatives and not rotate different people as representatives to the organizations' functions.
Different leads all around.
B microcosms compared to CW microcosms were never significantly different, and CD vs.
For something different, look for Roman glass jewellery or fashionable filigreed Yemenite earrings and necklaces (in Jerusalem, Jaffa, and other places that are craft-oriented).
Predictably, SBA's counts show a totally different (and false) picture (see bottom of Figure 3).
Along this line, CCR4-specific conserved residues may be important for the setting of such a specificity, whereas the presence -or not- of a LRR domain may determine different associations for these proteins, possibly responsible for differences in cellular localization or in enzymatic activity.
It is not clear if different mechanisms are important in rodents as compared to these other species, if there is something unusual about the studied rat strain, or if cell death occurs in the other species but was not detected due to inadequate tissue sampling or the stages analyzed.
Case studies do not compare individuals or groups to others randomly assigned to different treatments.
Gene fusions often show scattered phyletic patterns, appearing in several species from different lineages.
With marker measurements at two different times per subject (and approximately the same interval between times), a common summary measure is the slope.
In a cross-sectional study approved by the institutional review boards of all participating institutions, women with different ethnic backgrounds were recruited at five mammography facilities on the island of Oahu.
We used three different media in case fungi had different growth requirements (potato sucrose agar, casein agar and agar made with extracts of sagebrush leaves).
Using an RT-PCR-based approach, we have shown that at least 8 different transcripts are produced from the T Wis allele of T . In addition to the mutant transcript predicted by Herrmann et al.
If each brand merely offers the same basic ingredients in different proportions, plus or minus a few bells and whistles, how was I to determine which was the best?
As different types of analysis will require slightly different cutoffs (see below), we refer to the region near the left base of the main peak as the 'transition region', and to the precise cutoff value selected for a given analysis as the 'transition point' (Figure 3b).
They used several different methods for associating particular gene clusters with survival outcome: Kaplan Meier analysis, Support Vector Machine, and K-nearest neighbor analysis.
Though I'd had a very different childhood from Kazin and approached Manhattan from a direction completely different from Kazin's Brownsville, I remembered vividly the sense of possibility the drive suggested.
Re the extraordinary and articulate article "Give It Back to the Injuns": If only we Oklahomans were less genially mediocre, we'd probably be more appreciative of your ability to slap the faces of so many different groups of Oklahomans all at the same time and in such a charming way.
But the fact that it can use all those different outlets is essential.
CC values should be considered with caution, as they depend on the relative size of the dataset for each class and can therefore generally not be compared across different datasets.
Two different cell lines were studied: A549, derived from human lung adenocarcinoma, and U118, derived from human brain glioblastoma.
From that perspective, the rabbi's analogy fails in a different way: The current owners of Daimler-Benz are not, by and large, the children of previous owners from half a century ago.
The inhibition of trypsin-like proteases by different inhibitors (including PN-1 and soybean trypsin inhibitor) varies widely and a lack of an effect is not uncommon (e.g.
05) was obtained, comparisons between control and different drug dosages and between different routes (i.t.
Because of initial limitations on the availability of allergic monkeys, a strategy was used whereby microarray studies were conducted using a single animal at each of three different time points: 4, 18 and 24 h after challenge by inhalation of A. suum extract.
And you might as well also know that: a) Chatterbox has been friends with Kaus for close to 20 years; b) Chatterbox and Kaus co-edited an anthology of neoliberal writings in the early 1980s that never got published; c) Chatterbox and Kaus attended the same high school, though at different times; d) Chatterbox and Kaus apprenticed at the same magazine, the Washington Monthly , though at different times; e) Chatterbox first met the future Mrs. Chatterbox at Kaus' Washington apartment in 1986; f) Kaus was an usher at the Chatterbox nuptials in 1990; g) Chatterbox and Kaus worked at Newsweek at the same time, though in different cities, during the late 1980s; h) Chatterbox has probably neglected to cite five or six additional conflicts of interest, but figures he has to leave something for Brill's Content to expose.)
The accumulation of proliferating chondrocytes could be explained in four different scenarios: ( i ) There is a block in differentiation that prevents cells from entering hypertrophy.
For instance, just before curation of a chromosome arm commences, different computational analyses are synthesized into 'best guesses' of gene models, as part of the autopromote software we described earlier.
The islands’ names refer to the different force winds hitting them, not their topography.
It allows separate settings for separate users, important for families with older children or children of different ages.
The suspension was diluted with phosphate buffered saline (PBS) to create four different concentrations to be used in the experiment.
Experiments conducted at 37°C have demonstrated that the magnitude of staircase potentiation is proportional to muscle length with a negative slope [ 6 7 8 9 ] . This is the case, whether the staircase is conducted at the different lengths, or the poststaircase twitch contractions are evaluated at different lengths after staircase at a given length [ 6 10 ] . Length-dependence of posttetanic potentiation has been evaluated in vitro at room temperature, and it has been reported that there is a length-dependence of potentiation, with the fractional enhancement of force being proportional to muscle length with a positive slope [ 11 ] .
It has been architected, that is, to be different from the principle of non-discrimination in the original Net.
However, correct diagnosis is critical, as they respond best to different treatment regimens.
When I watched a class at the Feminist Karate Union, I asked some of the students how their class was different from the Seven Star Women's Kung Fu class, which is held in the same building.
There are 50 different diagnostic categories, each with a different weight used in calculating the predicted mortality.
And punishing evil corporations is very different from punishing evil governments.
Academic Medicine published articles from 25 different countries between 1995 and 2000, whereas Medical Education had contributions from 50 countries in the same period of time (Table 1).
Second, tissues may derive from individuals from different ethnic backgrounds; humans are highly outbred, leading to the potential of significant polymorphic noise (herein called "SNP noise") between individuals unrelated to the disease or variable under study.
Since Alu I and Rsa I cut at different sites, the resulting digests contain different distributions of DNA species.
What's different about the late 1990s' version?
In other words, genes may have different noise levels in the spherical model, while both genes and experiments may have different noise levels in the elliptical model.
Users then choose from a menu and navigate to different locations on an advertiser's Web site.
Do American wizards play a sport superficially like Quidditch, but with a completely different, and to the British wizards utterly incomprehensible, set of rules?
The logic of analysis in case studies is the same; the techniques for identifying regularities and assessing their meaning are different.
We detected several bands of different apparent sizes on the Southern blot (Figure 2), indicating that arrays with different numbers of lac operator sequences were integrated into the genome in each of the lines examined.
Read Maureen Gosling's journals about the making of Fitzcarraldo , or Bruce Chatwin's essay on Cobra Verde , and you discover a rather different Kinski: an irascible, lonely, lovable eccentric, whose fits of rage come and go like squalls, whose childish enthusiasm for filmmaking and playacting bursts through the put-on cynicism.
For example, we looked at all the probe sets with 0 common probe pairs and computed correlations for different ranges of HuGeneFL intensity levels.
The paired availability design (PAD) is a method for combining data from various before-and-after studies that adjusts for different fraction receiving the intervention in a manner similar to that for nonattendance and contamination [ 25 ] . For applications to screening, PAD requires a well-defined geographic region in which screening has been introduced, with little in- or -out- migration and no other changes over time that would affect the endpoint of cancer mortality.
Meanwhile, on Page A1 ("Report by Starr Against Clinton Expected Soon") of the same paper, the "possibility" of a " 'report' " from Starr was getting very different treatment.
Then you enter the exhibition itself, and a different Monet takes over.
A considerable number of the genes viewed as abundant by a twofold criterion, then, are not significantly different by the credible interval criterion (Table 1, Figure 6c, lower left and lower right quadrants).
There are an increasing number of different commercially available DNA array formats.
[ 9 ] , but employed far greater doses of aspirin (45 and 90 mg/kg/day) and reported no dose-response relationship and a maximal suppression of 55% [ 7 ] . Furthermore, in the rat model of azoxymethane-induced colon carcinogenesis, aspirin has also only been found to inhibit aberrant crypt foci and tumour development by no more than 65% [ 4 39 ] . Coincidentally, epidemiological data also report reductions in the 40-50% range [ 13 14 15 32 ] . However, whether this can be used as an argument to support the notion that aspirin is only able to suppress tumour formation by 50% is difficult to extrapolate because two different end points are being examined (i.e.
This procedure was repeated on images collected from seven or eight different cells in the same culture dish.
TGF-β expression is closely associated with an increase in wall shear stress [ 30 31 ] and with different forms of fluid shear stress [ 32 ] , and its function is modulated by variety of factors [ 14 ] . For example, TGF-β1 is secreted in an inactive precursor and requires furin-mediated maturation [ 33 ] . TGF-β1 in turn induces expression of furin.
WPPSS used three different designs to build five plants, one of which worked.
In studying posttetanic potentiation, the length tension relation for twitch contractions was obtained with sequential contractions at different lengths, both prior to and after a tetanic contraction at optimal length.
Alison Moore indicated that these differences can also influence how researchers and clinicians tailor interventions to apply to people with different cultural attributes.
Hierarchical cluster analysis of genes and experiments with different DHT treatment regimens.
Given the correlation of all the different genomic properties with the occurrence of gene families in the genome, we can reason that they are connected to an underlying duplicative process.
Tucked away in one corner is a collection of books on how to improve your memory, most of which offer different techniques.
This is often the case for closely related bacteria with different lifestyles, such as E. coli and Vibrio cholerae, which share less than half of their genes because their different environments require different adaptations and different systems.
In Menifee, CA, two family members complaining of chemical irritation developed different staphylococcal infections.
Mismatched duplexes generally exhibit larger dissociation rates than their perfectly matched counterparts [ 27 ] . We therefore examined the effect of one-, two-, and three-base mismatches as a function of hybridization time in two different probe sequences.
The Star says these women--now in Starr's sights--have all publicly denied sexual involvement with Clinton, but under oath they told a different story.
The story says that via standardized tests and parent interviews, the study concluded children whose mothers worked during the first three years after giving birth were not significantly different from those with unemployed mothers.
For example, selection mapping of HIV isolates with different cellular tropisms will allow the determination of mutations that are positively selected depending on the host cell type.
Note that local electric current is 100 volts/50 (or 60) cycles, which is slightly different from the US and completely different from Europe.
[ ibid , xii] Computer slang is similar to, but rather different from computer jargon, which is the specialized language used by tekkies.
A similar strategy derived from a Bayesian approach is detailed in [ 12 ] . In order to select an appropriate s 0 value for this dataset, we plotted Δ against FDR using different values of s 0 . Figure 4shows that calculating
Critics especially like its intricate structure (it has four different narrators and is told in nonchronological fragments).
Current law addresses each of these pollutants independently, on different timetables, through several different programs.
The Social Health Association provides, through its own teachers, age-appropriate, abstinence based, in-school programming in three different areas: human growth and development; AIDS/STD education; and life skills (conflict resolution, peer pressure, decision-making).
But on Friday, Feb. 21, everything was different.
An important question in biology is how many different fundamental cellular states or transitions exist.
In no one of these can any State ever exercise any power of discrimination between the different races.
The murine ATM proteins from C2C12 and 10T 1/2 cells were significantly different in size and there appeared to be two species of ATM proteins in murine cells.
This finding is different from two RNA-binding proteins, FXR1P and FXR2P, that were identified through their interaction with another polysomal-associated RNA-binding protein, the fragile X mental retardation protein [ 21 ] . Both FXR1P and FXR2P are associated with the polyribosomes [ 22 ] .
I chose the LB (Luria broth) environment because its nutrients are so different from the selection medium, but other conditions remain the same (e.g.
These data compare healthy mouse hearts at different time points during development, using male and female FVB/N mice.
The different localization patterns in different populations of cells imply that mammalian COP1 may partition among the NP, NE, and cytoplasm compartments.
Even consensual sex between workers of different levels can be considered sexual harassment.
Another potentially important limitation is that different data systems created for different purposes, such as claims and clinical databases, may not provide comparable results, even for strictly defined indicators.
We used sensitivity analyses to illustrate the potential impact of a different true percentage.
For example, even successful loop and side chain building methods will fail on comparative models based on incorrect alignments (in our case, we tried six different approaches in the three categories combined, the results for only two of which are listed in Figures 1and 2).
Somewhat surprisingly, the New York Times , although fronting the announcement, does not lead with it, opting instead for President Clinton's visit to Kosovo, which included get-togethers with Kosovar Albanians (he urged them to forgive the Serbs) and with American peacekeeping soldiers (he reminded them that the U.S. military is an excellent example of how different ethnic groups can get along).
Further analysis showed that, with the exception of the binding curves produced by tetramethylrhodamine-SP and Oregon Green 488-SP, a significant difference was seen between the binding curves of the different SP conjugates (p < 0.05).
Gene expression profiling using complementary DNA (cDNA) microarrays is being applied for multiple purposes such as defining the taxonomy of different molecular subtypes of human breast and other cancers [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ] and discovering biomarkers and therapeutic targets [ 11 12 ] . A limitation of the use of this technology is that small specimens of human tissue, such as obtained by core needle or fine needle aspiration (FNA) biopsies, may not be sufficient for microarray hybridization using direct labelling protocols.
Quantitative evaluation of mtDNA content was performed in skeletal muscle by Southern blot and Real Time quantitative PCR analyses [ 9 ] . To look for unknown mtDNA mutations, the entire mitochondrial genome was screened by temporal temperature gel electrophoresis (TTGE) on mother/child pair, followed by sequencing of the DNA fragments that exhibited different banding patterns between mother and child.
Among the more than 300 different species of birds here, you’ll find eagles, cranes, pelicans, snakebirds, kingfishers, and a host of ducks and geese, as well as a flock of rare wintering Siberian cranes between January and March.
Furthermore, patients with these two DLBCL subtypes had strikingly different long-term outcomes following conventional multi-agent chemotherapy.
But that is very different from saying we are designed to automatically dislike people with particular skin colors, and that racial harmony therefore is impossible--which is what the National Review article said.
Jane . Why should it be a surprise that an actor appears different in real life from an on-screen persona?
I suppose it is possible that Valentinus repeated Horace's metaphor in different, more dramatic terms a hundred years later.
Each is set up for different purposes and stores different kinds of data, under varying rules of access.
This year's list identifies 743 different conditions and treatments.
Each of these methods has been tested in simulations with normally and asymmetrically distributed data, with and without contamination [ 13 ] . The results showed that different estimators perform better under different conditions, but that the RPM method is perhaps more versatile than the others.
The objective of the fourth paper was to explore the effect of different approaches to study design on the study results.
Although it is widely acknowledged that DNA arrays are most powerful when they contain as many different gene probes as possible, the cost of purchasing or producing such large arrays is prohibitive for most researchers.
Although LPS was once thought to exert its effects through intercalation into biological membranes, or to bind to many different receptors on the cell surface, it has been clear for nearly three decades that there is, in fact, a single biochemical pathway for LPS detection.
All mammographic parameters (Table 1) except the size of the dense area were statistically significantly different by ethnicity ( P < 0.001).
The weight loss for NAD was again different from Obesity III patients who were AD or ADSx, but AD and ADSx were not significantly different (Fisher, NAD-AD: p < 0.001, NAD-ADSx: p < 0.01, AD-ADSx: p < 0.657).
Several studies have used the OSCE to assess the effect of educational interventions on specific skills at the second-year level, such as history-taking for smoking [ 8 ] , or examination of low back pain [ 9 ] or the breast [ 10 11 ] . Others have examined the use of different examination personnel as examiners or patients [ 12 13 14 ] , compared students' course feedback to their OSCE performance [ 15 ] , examined costs [ 12 16 ] or reliability and generalizability [ 7 ] , compared training locations [ 17 ] or provided general descriptions of their OSCE's [ 18 19 20 21 22 ] . We found no studies that have used the OSCE to report comprehensively on the spectrum of skills learned in a second-year physical diagnosis course.
In terms of new biological insight into cancer development, our findings suggest that cancer cells of different origins interact in different ways with the same extracellular environment to survive and proliferate as tumors.
While the observed cancer diagnosis data did adjust for different populations-at-risk in the different ZIP codes, we also used New York State's adjustment for different age patterns as well.
Different parts of genomes have different histories, and representing the history of genome evolution as a single tree appears inconsistent with the data.
The doubling time of the different tumours was calculated between volume of 1000 and 2000 mm 3.
We applied this assay in two ways: 1) By using different mice for the immediate and delayed treatments or, 2) by inoculating the same mouse in different hind limb thighs, with the second inoculation delayed 8 hours, and treating the mouse immediately by inoculation of streptomycin, phage or saline into the musculature of a forelimb
For example, otherwise identical transgenes inserted into different chromosomal sites show varying levels of expression [ 4].
There are several other chemicals in marijuana that may modify the effects of THC alone, and smoking a drug is a different experience from injecting it.
But it feels a little different.
Our goal is to enhance the current capabilities in the next version substantially by providing explicit support for different clustering and analysis methods.
Here's what the ad says, "A few decades ago, it was still possible to leave home and go somewhere else: The architecture was different, the landscape was different, the language, dress, and values were different.
Each of the three weeklies touts different "bombshell" allegations that tie the girl's parents to her death.
The fundamental fact remains, as they readily admit, no matter how many histogram-based criteria are employed for local segmentation, that widely different combinations of image features (drusen and background) can yield the same histogram.
A pooled RNA sample from mice ( n = 5) fed the control diet was hybridized to two different chips, and the data was analyzed to characterize measurement variability.
It is said that there are over 40 different performances taking place on every evening of the year in Amsterdam.
Nowadays, when blintzes may be filled with anything from puréed walnuts to spinach, and yogurt comes in eighteen different varieties, plain has acquired its own distinction.
Searching databases on CAM related topics is challenging due to the diversity in the use of controlled vocabulary and indexing procedures in different databases.
If the United States wanted to "roll back" the threat, disruption would have to proceed at "a markedly different tempo."
The genes having t -statistics that deviate markedly from the bulk of the observations were labeled as potentially having biological significance and may deserve further investigation [ 8 ] . Plots of t -statistics against average intensities and different components of t -statistics against each other (Figure 3) are especially useful in identifying genes with substantial statistics and in studying the features of these genes [ 7 ] . The average intensity for each gene is the average of the mean expression level for the patient and the control groups.
