By applying our tonal system to music that slips outside of the tonal realm, we not only find the elements of tonality that do remain, but we also pinpoint exactly when and how this music breaks from previous conventions.
Examples of franglais which they find particularly monstrous are, I hear, to be condemned to a newly created “Musée des horreurs.”

“To be truly modern,” he writes, “means finding the dynamic balance between eternal human values and the specific demands of the present.
Turn off Nathan and walk down Kansu Street to find the Jade Market (open 10am–3pm; see page 80), with more than 100 stalls spread out in a large tent, just before you reach the overpass.
Jefferson didn't share how he found people.
IAN MALCOLM What did she find out?
He stormed into the office to find out why his friend and co-worker was collecting double his pay.
Note that because of the duty-free situation, good bargains may be found in European china, including Spode and Wedgwood.
This is why Bailey and Pillard found in their study that while they was a greatly elevated chance that two males sharing the same genetic makeup would also share the same sexuality, this was not the case 100 % of the time.

This is particularly important in the light of recent findings, which found that interventions such as weight-loss drugs may be harmful [ 33 34 ] . For older adults, the risks associated with higher weight are especially unclear, and the optimal outcome for a trial of weight loss in older adults requires specific attention to improved health and mortality.
Allan reviewed the troops, all prepared to disembark, their task to form the tale of a young man returning home from Life Abroad to find his childhood friend a bride to-be, thus upsetting the apple cart of his life's plan, clarified – of course – by his very time away from her he loved best.
And you’ll enjoy a series of insightful stories on a variety of wildlife species stories that can’t be found anywhere else!
If anyone finds the above paragraph startling, you're welcome to write to me for clarification.
She will continue to blither her vacuous bullshit on any platform she can find, spend campaign money on her rent, and go to bed every night feeling as though she is fighting the good fight for jebus, truth and America.
Second, we found no evidence of political intervention.
I am convinced personally that O'Donnell's just a starved media personality that found a new gimmick in running for public office.
The prevalence of this association was found to be higher in our study than in other previous series [ 2 3 4 5 6 7 ] . The true prevalence could be even higher since liver enzyme profiles were not done in all patients.
Just imagine finding your favorite hiking trail or birding area littered with dead birds -- among the hundreds of thousands of unsuspecting and innocent creatures who were unlucky enough to consume lethal doses of a slow-acting poison spread in fields miles away.
So in addition to our efforts to conserve wildlife preserves, we’ll escalate our trailblazing program to find alternatives for traditional tiger-based medicines ... rescue more rhinos in Kenya and Nepal through our ambitious translocation projects ... complete the first survey of China’s pandas in over a decade ... and fight to halt all commercial whaling, as well as the whale meat trade.
We found our baby shoes protected in stopboxes.
This means that the Directory must be able to handle national characters not found in the US-ASCII repetoire.
Help me find one?
WILL TURNER: I row over, search the ship until I find your bloody key.
So what purpose would be served in finding whatever need be unlocked, which we don't have, without first having found the key what unlocks it?
One day I found her staring at a pair of false teeth soaking in a glass.
To find out more, visit this URL in your browser: http://www.ibbig.info/vb/5_Step_Plan/
Once found, we can never be lost.
The immediate objective was to find a safe location-not too far away-where the President could land and speak to the American people.
, and is your argument that we find and hold against their retrospective because there is some, at least plausible basis should so argument, to say that there can be a causal connection between the retrospective extension and some benefit that can be traced to those particular works through the retrospective extension, like dissemination? Is 
If you do plan to buy jewelry, be sure to consult the “Shopping Guide to Jewellery” published by the Hong Kong Tourist Authority to find a reputable dealer.
cost of that, on my numbers in here, made up, at least a billion dollars, or they can't find the people at all and get permission, an innumerable cost, un -- valuable cost to people who want to use it. Tho
He found himself along the bank of a low, wide stream and allowed himself to follow its current.
A successful woman is one who has found such a man.
So, Starke matched a problem with a problem and found a solution.
So what purpose would be served in finding whatever need be unlocked, which we don't have, without first having found the key what unlocks it?
Patients who receive canine or feline visitors are found to have lower blood pressure and improved appetite and be more receptive to therapy, says Mary Ann O'Loughlin, program coordinator.
Until the moment they both reached into the bowl and found not only popcorn kernels but the cool touch of the other’s skin.
I'm to find Jack and convince him to return to Port Royal.
Once inside, the worker at the ‘crafting’ stage finds that, ‘You build your reputation every day.
Taking quite at random a single page (page 7) in the journals of the Gregory brothers recording an early (1846) exploration of country east and north of Perth, I find the word water used fifteen times.
having done that, it's very difficult to find the basis in the Constitution for saying it isn't a limited term. It'
To >>facilitate the discussion, you can find the STLP strawman document at: >> >>http://pct.microsoft.com/stlp.
It's hard to find a new job in this economy.
After digging to a depth of 100m last year, Russian scientists found traces of copper wiring dating back 1000 years, and came to the conclusion that their ancestors already had a telephone network one thousand years ago.
Your gift to Goodwill will be used directly to support services that will help even more find jobs.
To facilitate the discussion, you can find the STLP strawman document at: http://pct.microsoft.com/stlp.
The cold thing stretched and cast around with its sucker-mouth until it found the soft spot inside my elbow, where it softly sucked on and began to work its way under my skin.
Nevertheless, good books on archaeology assimilable by laymen are not easy to find, and if the reader can tolerate its shortcomings and is not overly concerned about the precise birthplace of Indo-European, Archaelogy & Language provides an interesting march through the millennia of prehistory in seven-league boots.
If science finds a way to safely free the subjects of Emil's art, perhaps the I who reads this file will know that my decision is wise.
Even if tourists were interested in sustainable food (they totally don't care ), they'd be hard pressed to find a locally-sourced meal.
A scan of the headlines found cheek-by-jowl on the WP 's Page A6 provides an interesting snapshot of the life of the modern Cabinet officer: "[Ex-HUD Secretary] Cisneros's Ex-Mistress Pleads Guilty," "[Labor Secretary] Herman Denies Allegations of Influence-Selling Scheme," and "Two Tyson Foods Executive Indicted Over Gifts to [Ex-Agriculture Secretary] Espy."
What have you found out?

I'll find a way to sever Jones' hold on you.
“I really hope we find your Rachel,” he said.
All I want is to find Will.
He has inside intelligence—how else would he know where to find us?
She found that the city’s most beautiful Roman temple, dedicated to the goddess Aphrodite, stood on the site of the crucifixion.
FLYING DUTCHMAN: deck [Jones is on deck, having found the cloth that Will swapped for the key] [Bootstrap is held at knife point on board the Flying Dutchman] [one crewman holds a sawfish sword as a restraining weapon in front of Bootstrap] DAVY JONES: You will watch this.
The market runs all the way up to Tin Hau Temple, where you will find fortune tellers’ tables (some speak English) and possibly street performers singing Chinese opera or pop songs.
As previously mentioned, the fugato motive incorporates the motion by perfect fourths found in the Introduction as well as the intervallic cell found in the second head motive of the first theme.
It is published by the Specialty Wine Retailers Association and upon reading through it, you should find yourself feeling much cleaner and less soiled than after wading through the misrepresentations of the new wholesaler-sponsored website on H.R. 5034.

In the short while since Goodwill helped him find his job, Robert has learned to thoroughly clean a motel room in about 40 minutes.
But then, you’re not entirely sure how you’re supposed to find the sparkle of a diamond in the sunlight, when all you can really see is the shine in her eyes.
I am presently in Iraq and I found your contact particulars in an address journal.
You’ll also find bargain clothes for sale at the markets and on push-carts.
I can't find my hellyeahdude coaster?
To >facilitate the discussion, you can find the STLP strawman document at: >http://pct.microsoft.com/stlp.
Namma-holes have been variously described; to Carnegie they are depressions on the surface of rocks, often with a rounded bottom, where stones are often found, suggesting that the stones have something to do with the formation of the holes.
In many other places, the ancient sites lay buried—and still do—beneath modern cities: modern property owners quite understandably take a dim view of tearing down their buildings on the off chance that the remnants of an ancient town will be found several yards below.
nurse abused animals back to health and find them loving adoptive homes.
An association of ENA response with liver disease has been described in children with autoimmune hepatitis, where anti-ENA-positive patients demonstrated more severe liver test abnormalities than those who were anti-ENA-negative [ 32 ] . In another study, a 15 % of patients with various chronic liver diseases were found to be anti-RNP positive [ 33 ] .
I couldn't find her.
The study was testing whether a belief in unlimited, malleable self-control would result in most resolutions, and indeed, this is what was found.
Me, I found a space suit, but it was statistically unlikely that I, and whomever else has followed suit (pun intended), would manage to repair our ship before the less-than-twenty-four hours are up; yes, studies have been done.
Where will you find him?
Fannie Mae, for example found itself in the 1982 recession losing $1M every business day, with $56B in loans under water.
Markers of viral hepatitis, sought in 39 patients, were found only in 4. Two patients carried the surface antigen of hepatitis B virus and one had antibodies to hepatitis C virus.
Now, after finding the cave, there were no problems.
Tasha, by accident or design, had found an innocently erotic posture on the couch, where she lay with a book of M'duvian prints.
A lot of the raunchy action has moved across the harbor to Tsim Sha Tsui East; this is also where you’ll find pricey hostess clubs, popular with Japanese tourists, but definitely not for those on a budget.
I wanted to find something, anything, that would prove all this was normal and sane.
Insex I stopped at a friends house the other day and found him stalking around with a flyswatter.
If you walk east on the Star Ferry terminal concourse, you will find yourself on the wonderful Promenade, which begins at the clock tower, all that remains of the once grand Kowloon-Canton Railway Terminus.
One day, I’ll find someone,” she sighs.

They were all out camping, when the Indian said "Me hungry me go find food.
So the chief tells his people to find extra wood, just in case.
Because the finding this finds you incapacitorially finding and/or locating and your discovering the detecting of a way to save your dolly/dotty belle ol'...
Flow in the Kafu River has been reversed, and water draining from Lake Victoria has found a new course to the north, where it flows over Murchison Falls and into Lake Albert.
WILL TURNER: Not until I find this.
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by moving from where you left them to where you can't find them.
We found no evidence that anyone at the White House above the level of Richard Clarke participated in a decision on the departure of Saudi nationals.
Jazz fans will find live jazz presented by international artists at the Jazz Club and Bar, 2/F, 34-36 D’Agular, Central; and at the Blue Note in the Kowloon Shangri-La Hotel in Tsim Sha Tsui.
Please help Goodwill and help people find jobs.
After Maureen's job coach taught her how to do her job in a restaurant, we helped Maureen step out of the shadow sometimes cast over people with physical and mental disabilities and find a fulfilling job smack dab in the middle of society.
Every time we help someone find a solution to their employment barrier, the positive effects radiate throughout our community:
For 18 long months Michael could not find a job.
Jerry's Goodwill caseworker found him a job immediately.
Your support of Goodwill will provide job training and placement services to help the hardest to serve in central Indiana find meaningful employment.
If you would like to find out more about the Big Sisters program, please call us, (317) 634-6102 and ask for Ellen Robinson.
Not only are we unable to prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and predict what will unfold, but we also cannot even translatein the sense of necessary and sucient conditionsfrom legal talk to normal intentional talk, let alone from legal talk of Henderson found guilty of murder to a physical talk about sound-wave forms monitored and masses at space-time lines as a description.
Attorney General John Ashcroft told us that he saw his job in directing this effort as "risk minimization," both to find out who had committed the attacks and to prevent a subsequent attack.
The memo found no "compelling case" that Iraq had either planned or perpetrated the attacks.
Since everthing is to be found in Shakespeare, it is not surprising that on at least two occasions the Board has contributed his own Red Pants nuggets.
Muskrats, according to my encyclopedia, look like giant rats, are found in and around the mudbanks bordering marshes and quiet ponds, have partially webbed feet, and do a good deal of swimming.
Taking page 17 again, I was reminded that Giles is rather given to semi-serious poetic diction at times, and we find him referring to the presence of water in the Finke River as “the stream purling over its stony floor” or, quoting some bygone poet, “brightly the brook through the green leaflets, giddy with joyousness, dances along.”
It is spoken even in Transylvania: A beautiful girl awakens in bed to find a vampire at her side.
Just when you thought it was safe to assume that we now know all we are ever likely to know about the past, someone digs another hole and unearths (literally or figuratively) some ancient artifact: one day it is a fragile scroll, found in a cave near the Dead Sea, that turns out to be pre-Biblical; the next day it is an entire terracotta army of Chinese soldiers: the next it is a skull, excavated from the Olduvai Gorge, that compels anthropologists (once again) to revise their guesses about the earliest stages of Homo sapiens sapiens vs hominids.
Another significant break-through was that of Michael Ventris (1922-1956), who deciphered the Linear B script found on Crete and identified it as an early form of Greek.
It is similar, in principle, to finding a synonym in a synonym dictionary and then looking up its synonyms to find them.
I am interested in what Safire has to say about language but find myself stymied: I get the feeling that he has deliberately created a minefield of interruptions in thought through which I must pick my way to the end.
But the verb kvell , which exactly expresses that emotion, is already (like other Yiddish loanwords, such as chutzpah, meshugga and nosh ) to be found in the Supplement to the Oxford-English Dictionary .
This chemical is in high demand here in UK and i found it very cheap in Asia precisely Malaysia.
But he doesn't know that I have hide the documents in a safe place outside the house where he can not find them based on my late father's advice on his sick bed before his death.
Those who lead with the Stockdale Paradox - those who retain the unwavering faith that they will find a way to prevail in the end, but who also retain the discipline to confront the most brutal facts of reality - will find this an ideal time to rebuild and reinforce greatness.
You should be sleeping too, but you’re too busy trying to find the colors of the city.
Well Peyton, I need help finding my first block..
Finding a quarter on the ground...
Gianna said she couldn’t find you.
Interestingly, the strongest health relationships were found for underweight older adults.
No species T was found presumably because ATP was converted to ADP before the sample was frozen.
Liver diseases associated with 1°SS include primary biliary cirrhosis (PBC)-autoimmune cholangitis [ 8 9 10 ] , autoimmune hepatitis [ 5 6 ] , viral hepatitis (B and C) [ 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 ] , sclerosing cholangitis [ 22 ] , and nodular regenerative hyperplasia [ 23 ] . In addition, chronic lymphocytic sialadenitis has been found in patients with different types of liver cirrhosis [ 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 ] .
We found no significant differences in risk factors for abnormal liver function tests among patients with or without hepatic involvement.
The co-existence of liver disease and the presence of circulating AMAs in Sjögren's patients sera has been pointed as an indicator that liver pathology might be autoimmune and similar to that of primary biliary cirrhosis [ 4 7 8 10 ] . In previous studies, a pericholangial lymphocytic infiltration similar to that found in stage I of primary biliary cirrhosis, has been reported in 1°SS with abnormal liver function tests or positivity for AMA [ 4 7 ] . In our review of cases, we found predominance in hepatocellular liver damage rather than cholestatic disease, which would argue against a PBC-type of liver damage.
You may find some of the analysis to be helpful.
The senator's belief "that such items were of little value or were not gifts to you under the circumstances" displayed poor judgment and violated Senate gift rules, the panel found.
I've been flapping my wings since until I found this school," he said.
I also found the papers on my desk extensively reshuffled last week.
Antie will be equipped to navigate in this environment and will be designed to find seeds in sandy soil.
A big picture of our entire Anti-Terrorism strategy can be found at our website => http://www.loveallpeople.org/defeatingterrorism.html .
You see, the USDA found a loophole allowing these protections to be lifted for “experimental” activities.
This sequence of intervals is the inversion of those found in the second head motive of the first theme of the exposition, shown in measures 2-3 of Example 8.
Search "Emiliano Malaquez" and you'll find he's a master of the "captured moment" school of sculpture.
You have to find people you like who make movies . . . It’s getting the first job that is the hardest’’’ (Jones, 1996, p. 62).
Especially that court in Dover that found, as a matter of FACT, that the ID crowd simply used "Find & Replace" to substitute "Intelligent Design" for "Creation" (resulting in numerous instances of "Intelligent Designism").
In the Smith/Voinovich/Brownback analysis, when we analyzed SO2 and NOx reduction levels similar to S. 556, mercury reduction levels more modest than S. 556 and no CO2 reductions, we did not find significant impacts on coal production or electricity prices.
You found a way to tie this in nicely.
It was not until 1829 that Rafael Rivera, a Mexican scout, found a spring-fed valley and dubbed it Las Vegas — a Spanish name that leaves many modern visitors wondering exactly where “the meadows” really lay.
What I find to be extraordinary about Woods’ case is that he remarked how while he has always been sexually attracted go guys, he is romantically attracted to women in the sense that he has always wanted a girlfriend and to be close with other females, etc… but never in a sexual sense.
Luxurious, even compared to the fare one would find in the high-class space stations and pleasure cruisers.
How were you found?
I find it takes the edge off.
Ray, he caught me as I pounded on the corridor walls, finding no glass to break.

When I completed my work, I found I had some bricks left over, which, when weighed later, were found to be slightly in excess of 500lbs.
He couldn't find it for the life of him, so decided to call it a day.
When my three-year-old son opened the birthday gift from his grandmother and found a water pistol.
At last, the ape was found in the Public Library.
Finding their peace and quiet disturbed by well-meaning, but unwelcome, visits from other campers, they devised a plan to assure themselves some privacy.
Lincoln "I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do that.
If Webster wrote the first dictionary, where did he find the words?
Finding one of her students making faces at others on the playground, Ms. Smith stopped to gently reprove the child.
ALAN GRANT (CONT'D) (whispering to SATTLER) Ellie, go to Seattle and find Dr. Wang.

If we find the Spinosaur, the T-rex will come to us.
fact that people, for the 99 percent of the copyrights that have no commercial value after 70 years, have to find the copyright holder to put them in databases. The
I find that the best way to think about charset is that it is *neither*.
The problem of symbolic referencing has never been one of the DTDs, but one of finding an algorithm for deriving (printed) numbers/labels from symbolic labels in the SGML source document.
Certainly, readers admire her patience and loyalty: “I searched everywhere, and now that at last I’ve found you, I’m very happy,” Ibid.,173. she gushes to him in “Lust.”
The herb vendor will tell you where you can find it.
“I found your vampire,” she said, “but he might know that someone’s looking for him.
Our magazine is a great way to stay informed on the current issues affecting wildlife and see what NWF is doing to find solutions to these problems.
In Karnes, Tibbets found a kindred spirit -- and a handball partner.
I'll start there, and I won't stop searching 'til I find him.
Will has gone to find Jack!
WILL TURNER: You want me to find this?
that we throw the dress overboard, and we hope the spirit finds it.
ELIZABETH SWANN: I'm here to find the man I love.
And what you want most in this world is to find the chest of Davy Jones, is it not?
I came to find you!
Vancheri and collaborators [ 20 ] found that TNF-α-stimulated fibrotic lung fibroblasts had decreased COX-2 expression and PGE 2 production, but they further showed that these findings were a result of decreased expression of TNF-α receptors.
I found this hard to do while also avoiding cops, dealing with the camera and the car window, scoping out angles of approach for throwing, etc.
Time to find people I am sitting waitng for the session......I HATE NEGATIVE SPACE....

Must find out how.
finishing reading Skulduggery Pleasant has found out how to VNC securely url found a video that has made his morning, gizmodo man armed with a tv-turner offer, classic url Just done my premarital genetic screening test.
http://bit.ly/Z3AV John Denver "I'm Sorry" http://twt.fm/49503 New blog post: WordPress " Parteibuch Aggregator " WordPress Plugins http://tinyurl.com/dap2md Sexxy Travel http://www.dreampleasuretours.com/index.htm or find your Hosts @ Nikki Beach Mike & Meredith or Ele & Danielle for tickets Oh dear, there's a dreadful potential pun there...
at Vodpod http://bit.ly/3ErL Hello from Sydney :) found you here: http://tinyurl.com/c56cd5 Adam Lambert scorches American Idol with 'Born to be Wild' - Newsday - http://tinyurl.com/d3wzor Oracle Database Administrator - TEKsystems - San Mateo, California: TEKsystems is looking for an ORACLE DBA for ..
If you are planning on shipping items to Edward Harrell, please check the Transaction Details page of this payment to find out whether you will be covered by the PayPal Seller Protection Policy.
Read about death & carnage in the shell shop , find out about the eco-friendly food scene , look at the pretty pretty sunset , or continue on...
On Connaught Road Central, you’ll find one of Hong Kong’s curiosities, the 244-m- (800-ft-) long Mid-Levels outdoor escalator.
Walk up the steps to reach Caine Lane, where you’ll find the Museum of Medical Sciences (open Tuesday–Saturday 10am–5pm; admission by donation).
Outside the terminal, you will find taxis as well as buses to all points (take 3, 3A, 10, or 10A to the historic center; exact change is required).
Of note, Itk and Btk have been found to be associated with lipid RAFTs upon activation of antigen receptors [ 29, 35].
As discussed earlier, RSV-infection of HEp-2 cells was shown to rapidly induce the formation of actin stress fibers, and this process required an interaction between viral fusion protein, F and cellular G-protein, RhoA [ 17 ] . To initiate studies of its mechanism, we first tested the universality of this finding.
In the cerebellum 20-40% of the granule cell nuclei were positive, and positive nuclei were also found scattered throughout the molecular layer (Fig.
In contrast, six PdL lines were found to yield significant and reproducible increases in life span in the presence of DOX, ranging from 5 to 17%.
In our work with foreign countries that have adopted results-oriented management, we found that two reforms in particular were aimed at enhancing accountability among line managers: simplifying the rules for such things as budgeting and human resource management while
Although in this case evidence for expression of either strand by northern analysis was not obtained, it was subsequently found to be orthologous to miR-137, and thus accepted as a genuine miRNA.
We later found that some mutant FtsZs were not efficiently precipitated by 25% ammonium sulfate, so we adopted a method using higher ammonium sulfate for the initial precipitation, followed by DEAE chromatography [ 3, 19].
The poll also finds that Clinton, now with a 67 percent approval rating, is currently more popular than before last week's vote.
The exploits of the Mycenaeans, and their greatest leader Agamemnon, were thought to be myth, until the archaeologist Heinrich Schliemann set out to find evidence of the sites of Homer’s stories of Troy and Mycenae.
It can be difficult to find out exactly when a game is taking place; you should simply ask around.
Bacardi and other Caribbean brands, like Appletons of Jamaica, and almost all international brands of liquor can be found at good prices.
2. Houlston et al [ 42 ] , studying 28 families, found significant evidence for linkage to HLA, but no evidence for linkage to the regions suggested by Zhong, except at 15q26, where IDDM3 is localized.
The multiple hairs are found primarily in clusters of independent hairs with only occasional branched hairs.
The ice around the house goes to water which finds its own level in my basement lodging.
[ 31 ] Takeshima found that of a cohort of healthy Japanese soldiers who took prophylactic mefloquine for 36 weeks without drinking alcohol, one-quarter developed symptoms compatible with liver pathology and four showed disturbed liver function.
If you head inland to the less populous centre of the island, you’ll find hamlets consisting of little more than a whitewashed church, a general store, and a bar.
You’ll find the information office of Tourism British Columbia, at 865 Hornby Street, useful for details about the province.
By a process of elimination, he and his buddy Michael O'Sullivan (David Kelly) end up at the remote stone house of Ned Devine--whom they find dead in his armchair with the ticket between his fingers, the shock of his windfall having felled him.
OK, I'll admit it, I almost never read the Los Angeles Times (I'll tell you sometime the whole reason--it has to do with finding out how the paper is edited), but there was a cute story in there today about the police arresting seven people for feeding the homeless in downtown's Pershing Square.
As a female musician, I found the in "The Music Club" on women in rock fascinating.
The mechanism underlying this cytoskeletal rearrangement due to shear stress is ill-defined, but it has been found to be linked to tyrosine kinase activity, levels of intracellular calcium, intact actin microfilaments, and functional microtubule network, but is independent of protein kinase C, intermediate filaments, and stretch- and shear-activated mechanosensitive K +channels [ 28].
You’ll find a number of things to do here.
The Bimini Islands have been the capital of sport fishing for decades; here you’ll find hundreds of huge boats lining the marinas waiting to be taken out into the teeming waters.
To find sanctuary, terrorist organizations have fled to some of the least governed, most lawless places in the world.
While QUASI finds that antigenic sites A-C are significantly associated with positively selected variation, this association may be a simple consequence of the sites' surface exposure.
The analysis also discusses alternative approaches which were considered by EPA but were found lacking because they did not either significantly reduce the burden on small entities or would have jeopardized the program's projected air quality benefits.
Johnson had no trouble finding fairly exact counterparts in his London of the eighteenth century for many of the blights of Juvenal's ancient Rome, but there was really nothing to match the horror of the amateur poetry reading in Trajan's time; the closest analogy Johnson could come up with, an elegant one under the circumstances, is his “female atheist.”
We also find that the burden decreases as the percentage of non-delivered mail increases.
A hundred years ago, leather was considered utilitarian; leather aprons and vests were worn only by workmen, and leather easy chairs were only found in smoking rooms and men’s clubs since leather was less flammable than fabric.
Feckless —“spiritless, helpless, futile”—is given in all my desk dictionaries, but only Chambers has feck (nice to see a lost positive found), which comes from effect through vowel-loss and is defined as “efficacy” or “quality.”
I found this odd, since none of us had even known Trish was expecting.
Well, Today's Papers couldn't take it any more and quickly found out some further interesting facts: The boy was injured when, after his father put him on the back of a motorcycle, the baby blanket that the father placed around his shoulders became entwined with the cycle's drive shaft, breaking the boy's neck and snapping his spinal cord.
We have tailored the Gibbs algorithm (see methods) to this problem by searching for only one site at a time, and then masking only the central 1-2 bases of each sequence motif found before iterating.
.We're currently trying to find what was going on."
Returning to the Grand Canal: You’ll find in the glorious Ca’ d’Oro the quintessential decorative tradition of Venetian architecture, arguably more successful in its compact form here than in the beautiful but sprawling Doges’ Palace.
A recent study from California's Public Policy Institute, for example, found that nine out of 10 teen-age welfare mothers in the state have income sources other than AFDC.
After looking around these collections, climb the hill to the Commissioner’s House, where you will find fine views of the surrounding coastline and the rest of the dockyard complex.
We find the system to be quite sensitive to variations in k 2 , k 4 , k 10 and k 14 and mostly insensitive to the others.
Ultimately, I decided to write the piece, and a few details about John and me found their way into the text.
The number of immunostained cell bodies appearing in each section from each person was counted; a high density of NK-ir perikarya was considered when we found more than 20 cell bodies/section; a moderate density when we found 10-20 cell bodies/section, and a low density when we found fewer than 10 cell bodies/section.
In this Marin County study, we found a rather strong and significant inverse association of oral contraceptive use and breast cancer.
In the wing the accumulation of Fz at the distal edge of the cell requires the function of dsh [ 10 ] . We examined aristae from dsh 1; arm-fz-GFP pupae and found that the preferential distal accumulation of Fz was lost (Fig.
cAMP is an important signaling molecule that can be found in specific cellular domains [ 53 ] . Levels are controlled through synthesis via adenylate cyclase, and degradation via phosphodiesterases (PDEs).
However, we found this algorithm was not very accurate for peaks that deviated from perfect symmetry around their maxima (data not shown).
Although we identified no organizations that had made significant progress in applying such measures, we found that more precisely measuring the positive and negative effects of security on business operations is an area of developing interest among many information security experts.
Five kilometers (3 miles) directly south of the Iráklion is Knossós, now famed worldwide as the village where Sir Arthur Evans (then director of the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford) found proof that the Cretan civilization of myth had been based on reality.
and gives the album an A. The only sour note comes from the Los Angeles Times ' Richard Cromelin, who finds some of the songs cold, tight, and remote.
In order to confirm our results in a larger sample set, we preformed an analysis on an additional set of invasive breast tumors from different individuals (tumors 3, 20, and 32) and compared the data with those from tumor 5A, and found similar correlation coefficients to those seen with tumors 7 and 9 (Supplementary Table 2).
Thousands may be found in various shrines, cathedrals, and on saints’ clothing throughout the Southwest and of course in Mexico.
Just as a disease as complex as cancer will not be cured by just one scientist at just one university, finding better ways to prevent, treat and eventually cure cancer will require support from all of us.
Titers were found by using a log-based slope equation where the O.D.
' Space was found, however, for U.N.C.L.E . `United Network Command for Law Enforcement' (followed by “(television),” as if that explained this--what shall I call it?
This is the happy situation in which we find ourselves: the less everyone makes, the better . Well, the better for stockholders, at least."
These data agree with previous studies that found a group of DEAD-box RNA helicases to be overexpressed during the trophozoite stage in P. cynomolgi [ 41].
The L1s used to generate the data in Figure 4represent all L1s that were found in the human genome using RepeatMasker [ 39 ] with the L1.
When I started Rowling's series, I found myself comparing them to Jill Murphy's out-of-print "Worst Witch" books, a series for slightly younger kids (7-to-11-year-olds), about a hapless student at Miss Cackle's Academy for Witches.
Reference-style cookbooks, such as Fannie Farmer, range fairly broadly over the American basics, but if you want to get higher-end than that, you're hard-pressed to find anything but books devoted to individual cuisines.
Again the hand-embroidered pieces are the best and the most expensive, but this skill is a dying art, so good examples will become harder to find.
However, this is not the case as glyB cells that lack the mitochondrial folate transporter were found to take up ThDP with high affinity kinetics similar to that of mitochondria of human cells.
The distances between archaea are thus probably higher than shown in Figure 1aand, consequently, gene order conservation would fit well into the overall trend found for the Bacteria, although the lack of points on the left-hand side of the graph makes it difficult to extract a conclusion.
As a physician, I can usually find errors in a lay author's medical orientation, but not with O'Brian!
So, for instance, Culturebox, who lives in suburban Pelham, N.Y., and works at Microsoft--where Alice McDermott's novel Charming Billy and Bill Gates' Business @ the Speed of Thought are the two top books, respectively--gets not only to spy on her neighbors and co-workers but also to find out what her fellow citizens in Anniston, Ala., and counterparts at a competing high-tech company, IBM, are reading: Jerry Jenkins and Tim LaHaye's wacked-out Christian sci-fi thriller Apollyon: The Destroyer Is Unleashed , and a boring-sounding book called The Profit Zone: How Strategic Business Design Will Lead You to Tomorrow's Profits , respectively.
Growth was frequently found to be more sensitive than survival in determining the effects of complex effluents.
Soon a new resource will be available in Essex County to expand legal help to victims who find themselves in that predicament.
However, when we systematically examined codon frequency in parallel with readthrough efficiency, no correlation could be found (see Table 2).
For the remainder of the families, although downstream sequences were similar and TSDs marked the end of aligned sequences, the L1s in a given family were either shorter than the L1 for which a transduced sequence was found, or too short to have been transcribed from the internal L1 promoter.
However, although these cells carry a highly active Syk kinase, no evidence for downstream signaling was found.
A recent study examined effects of PPARα-specific induction in murine livers using cDNA microarrays [ 30 ] . Despite the different strain of mice examined (C57BL/6J) and the different genomic technology utilized for the examination of differentially expressed genes (cDNA microarrays), several genes were found differentially regulated in both experiments, indicating that the PPAR agonist and LC-PUFA affect gene expression through similar pathways.
Of these 50 entries, 18 come from the 1963 book (4 dropped), all 27 were taken from the 1980, and 5 new items were added: goldbug , golden parachute, gold rush (new sense), golf ball (new sense), and gomer . Two of the five are to be found in the BDC , while entries for all appear in the World Book Dictionary (1989 edition), also produced by the Barnhart staff.
We now find that 10,996 (82%) of the Release 3 protein-coding genes show a match by BLASTX or TBLASTX (with expectation value less than or equal to 1 × e -7).
They're frequently found at Sea World, performing in shows whose dialogue will not be quoted later at dinner.
You’ll find a more traditional nightlife, consisting of a weekly “dance” that takes place in an outdoor stadium or on a makeshift dance floor in smaller coastal towns such as Yelapa, Cruz de Loreto, and Barra de Navidad.
After a routine audit of the departmental phone bill, GMU discovered the calls and found them to be in violation of NCAA rules intended to curb recruitment abuses.
You will find portraits, manuscripts, and personal effects from all three.
to New York and that the effect of that might be that you would be more difficult to find?"
Strong cytoplasmic and nuclear LHR immunoreactivity was found in smooth muscle cells in the vaginal wall (Fig.
But while she will no doubt be splendid on their millennial campaign, it's hard to see how her intemperate wit will find adequate targets in either a Gore Jr. or a W. Bush administration.
Still, I should be surprised to find that cosh `kill, mutilate' is anything more than an extension of cosh `use a cosh [`blackjack'] on.
Computed tomographic (CT) scanning too is very useful for the purpose of early detection of neck metastasis [ 13 ] . Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) on the other hand has been found to have little advantage over clinical examination as the soft tissue contrast resolution reported by MRI is inadequate to detect minimal morphological changes in lymph nodes [ 14 ] .
Our finding that KRC binds to the RSS as well as the κB motif may also provide a link between transcription and recombination in the context of the accessibility model [ 58 59 ] . Enhancer or promoter elements are important for the recombination process in cell lines and animal models [ 60 ] . Similarly, expression of transcription factors, in conjunction with the recombination activating genes, has been shown to induce V(D)J recombination in non-lymphoid tissues by rendering RSS accessible to the recombinase [ 61 ] . The κB motif, first found in the Igκ light chain [ 62 ] , and later in the TCR β2 locus [ 31 ] , has been shown to promote V(D)J recombination by modulating locus accessibility [ 63 ] . In addition to influencing recombination by binding of RSS, KRC binding of the κB motif may modulate accessibility and transcription of target loci.
Dempsey said most of the tenants who filed suits still live at the apartment complex, although many are trying to find homes elsewhere.
As approximately 93% of seed lipids consist of storage lipids [ 70 ] , the total amount of fatty acid found in ungerminated seeds is multiplied by 0.93 to determine the amount of fatty acid present in the storage lipid of ungerminated seeds.
An illogical example of the power of this lobby can be found in hospitals.
In this study we have found that a subset of these highly abundant proteins are molecular chaperones.
The first report I found to document the effect class has on obesity was a 1965 study of midtown Manhattan residents.
The piece finds the Supreme Court justice bitter at his lot and deeply suspicious of the white world.
For a fixed α level, we can find a critical value t 0 under H 0 such that . To compute the power, we only need to find the rejection region corresponding to t
(Fans who visit the American Movie Web site will find such features as Borchardt's daily diary and a phone number for his buddy Mike Schank, a lovable PCP casualty and talented musician--"If he's home and in the mood he'll pick up."
, the number of time lags we must look back upon in order to find a correlation with the current year's density) of the dynamics at each trophic level should reflect the number of species influencing the dynamics at each level, as several recent analyses have also demonstrated [ 14 28 29 ] . In this perspective, we found, however, lower dimension (i.e.
Regular expression searches with the conservation pattern found in these CyaB homologs also recovered the most of the members detected in the above-mentioned profile searches, but failed to recover any new candidates.
We found minor differences in the staining pattern between methanol and paraformaldehyde fixed cells, but immuno-labeled nuclear structures were visible regardless of fixation.
In a poll of 773 chief executives in 23 countries, consultants Watson Wyatt Worldwide found that most think productivity peaks around age 43."
At the western end of the island, the small Museo Río Cuale features archeological artifacts found in the region.
The policy part I find inadequate and unconvincing.
Although dinucleotide STRPs are abundant and meet many of the criteria for optimal STRPs, they are also in our hands more difficult to score accurately because of substantial strand slippage during PCR [ 4 ] . We also find that dinucleotide STRPs are more difficult to PCR multiplex than tri- or tetranucleotide STRPs.
We found the IVT protocol to be highly reproducible: correlation coefficients calculated between the replicate datasets averaged 0.98.
Even more interesting is the finding that significant M/Z values found in the first Rule 1 included the M/Z values of 2.7921478 and 245.
But I did find something wonderful, actually, and right on the front page of the Journal : the profile on Takahito Sakurai, the Tokyo composer who creates the music that announces the arrival and departure of Japan's commuter trains.
I do not need a spelling checker, but I have found it extremeely useful as a means for proofreading text that has been keyboarded into storage in the Framework program.
Finding neighbors of a given gene can shed light on that gene, especially when the neighbors contain objects with similar features.
Laminins are major components of the extracellular matrix and exist in many isoforms with varying functions including cell adhesion, neurite outgrowth, and cellular signaling [ 7 8 9 10 ] . Laminin binds agrin [ 11 ] , and colocalizes with AChR aggregates [ 12 13 14 ] . It also binds with α-Dystroglycan (α-DG), an important part of the dystrophin/utrophin glycoprotein complex (Reviewed in [ 15 16 ] ). The dystrophin complex is also found concentrated at the neuromuscular junction with AChRs and laminin, and for this and other reasons is thought to be involved in both formation and maintenance of the NMJ [ 2 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 ] .
They found few good harbors, however, and no sign of gold, and had to return empty-handed.
But the interviews she conducts, as with the Promise Keepers, seem to me more about the ornaments of fatherhood and husband-hood, an inability of American males to find on the tube or at the movies images of how fathers and husbands ought to deal with the complexities of parenting and long-term relationships.
However, we found that the PIP 2 -stimulated proteolysis of Boi1-PH is strongly enhanced by Ca ++and is inhibited by EGTA (data not shown), suggesting that this protease may require Ca ++for activity.
A confection found only here, Edinburgh rock is a sugar, water, and coloring mixture that is boiled and then cooled on stone slabs before being shaped.
We looked at 92 individual records from this experiment and found that 12 of these (13%) showed this sort of gradual decline or increase in the general level of activity over the course of the experiment.
Did he ever find the phone--and where's his cellular?
The only exception is the arsC found on the pKW301 plasmid of A. multivorum , which shows high sequence similarity to the plasmid-borne arsC sequences found in the Enterobacteriales, strongly suggesting relatively recent plasmid transfer between a member of this group and A. multivorum . Indeed, the ars operon found in A. multivorum is expressed and confers arsenate resistance when transferred to E. coli [ 21 ] . Three other types of plasmid-borne arsC genes are found in R. solanacearum , Clostridium acetobutylicum , and Halobacterium halobium , demonstrating that plasmid-borne arsC genes are phylogenetically widespread and suggesting multiple incidences of chromosomal-plasmid transfer.
Furthermore, when we stratified the analysis according to smoking status we found that compared to sedentary medium physical activity was associated with lower total cholesterol levels both in nonsmoker men (-7%, p = 0.032) and nonsmoker women (-2%, p = 0.064), as well as lower triglycerides levels in nonsmoker men (-15%, p = 0.086) and nonsmoker women (-9%, p = 0.036).
Exon 1b was found at nucleotides 1050-1101, exon 1b' at nucleotides 2006-2200, and exon 1c at nucleotides 6100-6397 (figure 2).
As the cases pile up, a pattern recurs: The standard method of study, as Kuttner writes, "usually finds that the cost of regulation outweighs the benefit."
But even if each person voting had a concrete intention to support every sentence he or she endorsed, there is no coherent way of finding a common denominator among their divergent positions.
Someone must be found to pay more than $26 billion for the unused part of the broadcast spectrum.
He said that in Iraq, where the United States fired more than 860,000 DU rounds during the 1991 Gulf War, doctors subsequently found "an exponential increase in child cancers and deformities" among families living close to the targets.
Even after controlling for the independent effects of firm size, product mix, and distribution channel on performance, we found that the most innovative firms were significantly more profitable than those that had adopted fewer of the key practices.
Here you’ll find — among many major British names — Edinburgh’s traditional department store, Jenners, which has been a local institution for generations.
We found that the incidence and risk of CRI was lower in patients using glycopeptide antibiotic during catheterization in comparison to patients who were not using these antibiotics (p = 0.005).
He even envisions giving it at home via Internet TV and, if patients want, having the computer alert their doctors if the test finds their condition worsening.
The highlight of your trip to Lanzarote and the magical ingredient that makes this island so special is to be found in the Montañas del Fuego (Mountains of Fire).
In a better world, Loury would have spent the last 22 years devising policies--working with other well-intentioned people to come as close as possible to squaring this circle, finding ways to eliminate the legacy of past racism with as little intrusion as possible on the colorblind ideal.
We've found ways for people with disabilities to enter the workforce.
When you and I help somebody find a job, one more person joins the ranks of tax payers, fewer tax dollars are spent on public assistance and businesses gain another consumer.
It took some time and hard work, but with the help of Goodwill, Jerry was able to work out a payment plan with the prosecutor's office, find housing and conduct a more thorough job search.
This event is designed to be fun for campers, their families, friends of the camp, neighbors, staff, and anyone interested in finding out more about Jameson.
Those who are not familiar with feminist writings may find it useful and interesting to consider a book, recently published in Britain, that is typical of the harsher brand of such works.
In early Christianity likewise, women found not merely a role, but an instrument of resistance to male domination; in choosing to be a bride of Christ they inevitably cocked a snook at lesser male fry.
Linguists examining Classical Greek, Latin, German, English, Slavic, Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, Dutch, Lithuanian, Iranian, Hindi, and the other languages of India and Europe found that there were correspondences among many of the common words.
True, one can find different from , etc., in an entry so headed, but for absolute constructions one is referred to an entry called “Covered with onions, relish, and ketchup, I ate a hotdog at the ball-park.”
We found that companies that became great embraced a corporate version of the Stockdale Paradox.
I found serenity in the booming music.
We found associations between YHL and obesity that were not present in the mortality analysis, suggesting that YHL may be a more sensitive measure of the burden of obesity in older adults, especially for women.
The morning that the vaginal plug was found was considered 0.5 days of gestation.
5% of those with abnormal LFTs), intermittent (presence of LFT abnormalities was not found in all determinations) in 9 (31%) and in one case (3.
The co-existence of liver disease and the presence of circulating AMAs in Sjögren's patients sera has been pointed as an indicator that liver pathology might be autoimmune and similar to that of primary biliary cirrhosis [ 4 7 8 10 ] . In previous studies, a pericholangial lymphocytic infiltration similar to that found in stage I of primary biliary cirrhosis, has been reported in 1°SS with abnormal liver function tests or positivity for AMA [ 4 7 ] . In our review of cases, we found predominance in hepatocellular liver damage rather than cholestatic disease, which would argue against a PBC-type of liver damage.
While we could not find an association between use of NSAIDS or other medications and prevalence of liver function tests abnormalities, the study design did not allow us to exclude the possibility of over-the-counter (OTC) medication use that could have affected LFT's measurement.
While “tonality” in this piece (and in Bartók’s music in general) is quite different from its classical interpretation, we find that the harmonic structure is at least analogous to the standard sonata-form structure.
From this standpoint, the ‘basic theme for the entire organizing model is found in the following recipe for sensemaking: ‘‘How can I know what I think until I see what I say?’’ ’ (Weick, 1979, p. 133).
Especially that court in Dover that found, as a matter of FACT, that the ID crowd simply used "Find & Replace" to substitute "Intelligent Design" for "Creation" (resulting in numerous instances of "Intelligent Designism").
I'd find one.
They found the ape sitting at a desk in the reading room with two books spread out in front of him.
Find and soothe cat as you carry him to the bathroom.
ELLIE SATTLER I found Dr. Wang.
If we find the T-Rex, it will lead us to the Spinosaur.
A similar example can be found in equation sub-numbering: equations (4a) and (4b) are followed by a paragraph of text, followed by equations (4c) and (4d).
One wrong word and you find yourself cursed with infinite earwax or something.
Hurry, though, and you might find him before he leaves.”
Two blocks over one finds Boardman, a well-off township with a reputation for rich but unsuccessful schools.
But you find a ship dere.

JACK SPARROW: By finding the chest of Davy Jones.
Find
Can't find a bike community?
In addition to that, by helping them find jobs, Goodwill reduced the state's Public Support tab by an estimated $4 million.
Cornell found a number of employment options that he never dreamed existed after a work-site injury forced him out of his job at a foundry.
We help people train for and find jobs that make it possible for them to get off of welfare.
With unemployment at its lowest point in years in central Indiana, many people still have a hard time finding meaningful employment.
Youngsters often find themselves feeling alienated and alone.
If supplies are not reaching the people who need them, Hall said, he wanted to find out whether the United Nations or relief agencies needed to handle things differently, or whether "Iraq needs to get out of the way and let us do the job."
I would think a lot of this hierarchy could find molecular realizations.
First, we found no evidence that any flights of Saudi nationals, domestic or international, took place before the reopening of national airspace on the morning of September 13, 2001.
You will find original examples in the archaeological museums throughout the Cyclades, although one of the earliest examples is in the museum on Paros.
I looked up muscat in my Webster's and found that it is a `variety of grape.
A guy with a bottle-shaped brown paper bag, damp and wrinkled at its upper end, has almost certainly been slugging down a sweet wine of high proof, and the odds are pretty good you would find it is a muscadoodle .

Perhaps it is just as well, for only by the means available to modern science are we now able to preserve some of the artifacts that we find and, through radiocarbon dating, determine their approximate age.
Charts showing the chief languages and their derivations can be found in many dictionaries—inside the front cover of The Random House Unabridged , for example.
They can still be found today in so-called “gift shops.”
People generally seem to find dialect study interesting.
We personally sealed your Bank Draft and we found your email contact in the attached letter as the recipient of the foremost package.
As I read the book, I found myself getting depressed.
We’ll find it,” you assure her.
I wanted to find him.
Knowing that the weather man predicted rain, but going outside anyways, and finding it’s impeccably sunny the whole day.
Tom is astonished to find himself sitting in a white porcelain bathtub.
Using either YOL or YHL, however, we found no excess risk for older adults who would be classified as 'overweight' by the NHLBI guidelines.
Using a whole mount in situ hybridization approach, we found that Gad1 is indeed expressed in a number of different regions and tissues.
Clinical evidence of liver disease, defined in methods section, was found in 12 patients (20.
Procureme nt is not a utility core competency, as evidenced by the dire financial condition in which the utilities now find themselves.
I'm homeless now trying to find a place to lay my head," he said.
Having been out of the office for a couple of days, I've found myself the victim of theft (again).
I found it during a profoundly challenging period in my life.
Trail patrollers will go much further, until food sources are found, and will then orient towards the nest and create trails for the foragers to follow.
We also find loving adoptive homes for rescued animals ...
missed traveling with us to Asia where we found and followed the last wild tigers...
And if I chose to make resolutions, I'd be far from alone--a 2008 survey on Dorthy.com found that 66% of the 2000+ adults polled had made resolutions at some point (though only 17% managed to keep them).
Russell (1939) described various drainage patterns found in the flat alluvial lands of Louisiana, and he recognized a network pattern of poorly developed drainage channels that was converted to a dendritic pattern, as a result of tilting and steepening of the gradient.
In the stumped, frustrated, hypocritcal idiocy of the extreme right - in that gang of redneck ignoramuses who want simple answers to complex questions they do not understand - she finds the only market for her brand of incompetent yammering.
The petitioning state is entitled to relief if EPA finds that the sources are significantly contributing to the petitioning state's nonattainment problem.
eport goes to print, there are more than 26 million Americans who are out of work, cannot find full-time work, or have given up looking for work. About f
This is my Good luck that I found your post which is according to my search and topic, I think you are a great blogger, thanks for helping me outta my problem..
Perhaps one of the most famous studies on this topic was concluded in 1991 by Michael Bailey, an assistant professor of psychology at Northwestern University, and Richard Pillard, an associate professor of psychiatry at Boston University School of Medicine, and found that sexual orientation in males is largely due to genetics.
Floating alone, each of us facing the silence of the vacuum, we were found.
Gathering for drinks in the parlors, playing dress up with all the fine clothes I found in the closets (some of it modern, some of it period dress for special themed events), idling in the lounges.
I'll figure it out, then I'm going to find a way home.
You’ll find Hong Kong easy to get around, the people helpful, English spoken everywhere, and food that lives up to its reputation.
A: Right after you find out you're pregnant.
It says it found the Gorby2000 Torpedo and is looking for the device drivers.
None could be found.
Later, the keeper dropped by to see how the young man was doing and found him standing by an empty enclosure with the gate open.
Finding it classed as unskilled labor, she gave him $300 a week unemployment pay.
The first place to look for information is in the section of the manual where you least expect to find it.
One week later, the Irish press reported the following: "After digging as deep as 500m, Irish scientists have found absolutely nothing.
Dr. Sattler, I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me for what happened in the park.
ALAN GRANT We need to find one of them.

 -- but the answer to that, Justice Ginsburg, I submit, is found in the Necessary and Proper Clause, and this Court's interpretation of the Necessary and Proper Clause as to the extent that this Court would find or not find that the judgment made by Congress with respect to the implementation of this very broad power is convenient or useful in terms of the achievement of the 2 goals. Okay
>In fact, it's not getting enough traffic... for one, I can't find any >reference to any mail that included the URL for the STLP "strawman".
While Stephen himself broadcasts at a very powerful wattage, I've found the committee members from WRI quite accommodating and undogmatic.
Toyoo, her human lover in “Lust of the White Serpant” cannot shake the image of her beauty from his mind and dreams of her, and finds himself “disturbed and agitated” by her “ethereal beauty”.
If she’s in trouble, I want to find her, wherever she is.”
If I know him, I can find him.
Holding Amy in my arms as we ducked between the crush of dancers, I started to wonder if the chances of finding this vampire were even good enough to merit this.
SEASON Bitter melons can be found in Asian and specialty produce markets primarily from spring through late fall.
So, we're setting out to find whatever this key unlocks!
Find a rock!
Because the finding this finds you incapacitorially finding and/or locating and your discovering the detecting of a way to save your dolly/dotty belle ol'...
I want you to search the ship and find 'er.
JACK SPARROW: Because I would think, you'd want to find a way to *save* Will the most.
I personally find it distasteful to even contemplate the horror facing all those on board.
After considering comments of the Postal Service and other participants, the Commission found the proposal problematical, and declined to pursue it.
 We also found that both HF-IPF and HF-NL had similar PGE 2 production at baseline, and a similar increase when stimulated with IL-1β.
We have found that fibroblasts cultured from normal and IPF human lungs have a significant and similar induction of the COX-2 enzyme when stimulated with IL-1β, but that IPF fibroblasts produced more thromboxane and had a significantly lower prostacyclin:thromboxane ratio.
"You might find that some time in an honest occupation would ground you somewhat, improve your disposition."
THE SADDEST MUSIC IN THE WORLD: A Canadian beer baroness holds a competition to find the world's saddest music.

Testing Friends Network www.Dargens.com:3000 - going to be great when finished - twitter with wings Going to Pizza or Rails in about 30 mins great news today to hear that host Paul Birch has sold what he helped to found to AOL for $850m Korg Stylus-Controlled Tablet Synth for Nintendo DS: DS-10: ?????????????????

http://twitpic.com/3c6qq Are those really so hard to find in LA?
Bike clubs tend to be pretty anarchic, but if you look around your community you'll find both bike riders and shop owners who ride for change.
You can find more information on our website.
Opposite the Macau Ferry Terminal you’ll find the Western Market (open 10am–7pm).
One-third of all Hong Kong’s beaches are to be found in a single 14-km (9-mile) stretch of this region’s shoreline.
However, you are not likely to find bargains, and you should be aware that unless you are an expert, you can end up with a fake.
At the margin, we doctors have found ourselves being asked to do things that make us queasy.
L1 insertions were found in unique sequence 61% of the time (Table 3).
"Find a bride.
The second consequence of the govs' popularity is that it is persuading Republicans that the governors have found the Holy Grail.
However, the majority of memory T cells found in the synovium bear the phenotype of early Tm [ 7].
Marthambles is a very fine word that I found in a quack's pamphlet of the late 17th or early 18th century advising a nostrum that would cure not only the strong fires and a whole variety of more obvious diseases but the marthambles too.
Be warned that, as is the case with most chat rooms, you have to wade through a lot of ill-tempered bluster to find the occasional entry that's genuinely thoughtful or informative; but a recent Slate redesign makes it easier to zoom through to the good stuff.)
For example, clonal amplifications of CD8 +CD57 +T cells are frequently found in the T-cell repertoire of rheumatoid arthritis patients [ 4].
We start however with the understanding that the sequence is fundamentally nonstationary, exhibiting statistically significant variations in base frequencies between non-overlapping windows [ 1 2 ] . Locally or globally estimated Markov models may describe it better than assuming that the bases are independent and identically distributed [ 19 ] but they fail to reflect the salient features of natural sequences [ 20 ] . For example, Robin and Daudin [ 21 ] compared the frequency of a specific motif in the genome sequence of Haemophilus influenzae to Markovian predictions and found that the observed frequencies were everywhere higher than predicted.
In any case, warns the LAT , if Microsoft doesn't compromise, it could find itself being broken up by the Justice Department into "Baby Bills."
When you fear a man approaching you may be a mugger, you may not be able to find out in the next five seconds whether he happens to be a University of Chicago intellectual headed for the New York Times editorial board.
Additional examples can be found in the additional data files available with this paper (see Additional data files and [ 17]).
I am trying to find out whether they can say eyelid itself, sans upper or lower.
, [ 26] found that iNOS expression was significantly increased in colonic epithelia from individuals with IBD.
Because TAR cloning produces multiple gene isolates, it allows the isolation of both parental alleles of the gene which can then be used for haplotype analysis [ 24 ] . Recently we found that up to 15% DNA divergence does not preclude efficient gene isolation by TAR [ 25 ] . Such tolerance to DNA divergence allows the isolation of highly polymorphic alleles and gene and homologues with the same TAR vector.
Soon Spain found itself the recipient of immense wealth in the form of gold and silver, and the Spanish rulers, eager for more, turned their attention away from the Mediterranean and Ibiza towards both the New World and the heart of Europe, where Spanish ambitions rapidly expanded.
Calluna , although many variant garden forms are known, consists of only the one species, Calluna vulgaris . Erica (the name Linnaeus gave originally to both heath and heather), however, comprises several hundred species, nearly all found in the Cape of South Africa, with fewer than a dozen found in the rest of the world.
This is consistent with the results obtained for treatment with PPIs when compared to ranitidine for both duodenal ulcers and gastro esophageal reflux disease [ 2 28 ] . We also found that, there is some evidence of an advantage to prescribing two of the newer PPIs (lansoprazole or pantoprazole) compared to omeprazole for gastric ulcer, since there was a 15% increase in healing rates at 4 weeks.
One hears such stories with one's eyes unwet:She woke up one day and found that the TetOffensive had left her widowed with a totWho broke her heart as if it were a toy.Luck having given her one so-so try,Wrung out her life and left her bones to dry.
In animals, heterochromatin is typically found near centromeres and other regions of low sequence complexity.
Finding differentially expressed genes is one of the goals of microarray technology.
For example, if you start with the first letter of this paragraph and read only every fourth letter, you will find the word "TORT."
Everybody fronts the precedent-setting verdict of a Brooklyn federal jury finding that several gun manufacturers were legally responsible for the criminal use of firearms, awarding $500,000 in damages to a New York teenager wounded in a 1995 shooting.
Along Hollywood Boulevard you’ll find over 2,500 actors’ names on bronze stars embedded in the pavement — the Walk of Fame.
This is consistent with murine data demonstrating that upregulation occurs within 30 min of LPS stimulation, remaining high for 4 hours [ 23 ] . Using confocal imaging, we found TTP was primarily detected in the cytoplasmic fraction, confirming our earlier immunoblotting studies [ 24 ] .
It helps them find voters--Orrin Hatch's Web site now links to the Candidate Selector, and Libertarian Harry Browne says that a number of people who found themselves matched to him have become followers.
From the sheer numerical point of view, there can be no doubt that literature provides us with most examples of modified spellings, the vast majority in fact being found in dialogues in novels.
(Most book publishing companies are privately held and keep this information secret; even when the companies are publicly traded, it is nearly impossible to find out the unit sales of individual books.)
I find most American newspapers to be quite bad; to argue that they might once have been worse is neither reassuring nor really the point.
Your News Quiz challenge is to find a more shameless line of self-stroking whose author was able to wake up after its publication, see it in print, and not kill himself with pills.
Clomipramine is a non-selective re-uptake inhibitor of serotonin, and to some extent norepinephrine [ 21 ] and fluoxetine is a selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor [ 22 ] . Both of these drugs have proven to be effective in different animals models of OCD [ 23 ] . As an additional control, hamsters were also treated with desipramine, a noradrenergic re-uptake inhibitor [ 24 ] that has been found ineffective in inhibiting OCD in preclinical [ 25 ] and clinical studies [ 26 27 ] .
If you set out from Maó, the first of many Talaoitic monuments is found near the city limit, at Trepucó off the road south to Sant Lluís.
These can be found all around the outer reef, but expert local help is needed to pinpoint the best spots, weather, water conditions, and times of year for each fish species.
The highest form of statesmanship is to find ways to bring people towards our goal.
The present studies also demonstrated that synovial fluid Tm lacked the capacity to generate IL-4-secreting effector cells in numbers similar to those found in the periphery.
In mainstream film, you have to go back to the silents to find imagery this unfettered.
An article finds "feminism" in an unexpected place: primitive, forest-dwelling tribes.
Overhearing the audience's indulgent titters, Crews would have found it pathetic, but Crews would have been wrong.
Additionally, Zhang and Martin-DeLeon (2001) found evidence that mouse epididymal Spam1 is secreted in vivo and in vitro and that the gene is differentially regulated in testis and epididymis.
One defender--Larry King--speaks up, calling it "a dandy little epic" in USA Today . (Click here to find out more about Crowe.)
When we use monochromatic light rather than bullets, we note the following: If the light hits the sandbox, changed into a photon-counter surface, we find that the size of the energetic impact is the same each time a photon hits the surface.
[ 4] resulted in a prolonged debate as to whether the power law is actually the best fit for the 'mer distribution [ 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28], and similar discussions are found for power-law behavior outside biology [ 29, 30, 31, 32].
In Flannery O'Connor's story "A Good Man Is Hard To Find," a crotchety and self-centered grandmother, held at gunpoint by an escaped convict in rural Georgia, becomes suddenly sensitive.
Those who are not intimately familiar, from listening to them on radio and television, with how specific British politicians and entertainers of the decades since WWII sound may find themselves at sea in the rather detailed descriptions (chapters six and seven) of their pronunciations and their effects, good and bad, on the British public.
With the exception of one RH, pulmonary specialists were found exclusively in the RRHs.
We found 46,722 discrepancies in WGS1, 26,355 in WGS2, and 13,095 in WGS3 corresponding to 3.99, 2.20, and 1.09 errors per 10,000 bp, respectively.
It is on Ireland Island South where you will find the Royal Naval Cemetery set beside the main road.
Once she finds out, father and daughter join forces in proselytizing against it.
Although the amount of starting material used to generate each of the libraries varied somewhat, we did not find any substantial changes in the fraction of duplicate ditags found in each library, which we have found to be more or less constant (approximately 5%) when more than 1 μg total RNA is used (S.B.
I hope you don't find this too personal or indelicate a subject for public consumption, but I am in a dilemma about a relationship.
In a country boasting one of the world’s biggest paper industries, you’ll find here one last town, St-Joseph-de-la-Rive, where you can buy handmade paper, perfect for writing home with distinction.
You’ll find particularly interesting ranges in Kritsá and Anógia, along with the approach to the Dictaean Cave in Lasíthi, and in shops in Chaniá.
Southeast of the city is Thousand Buddha Mountain (Qianfoshan), but instead of a thousand Buddha images you’ll find a hundred today.
The suspect had previously hidden evidence from investigators but had also written them an anonymous letter leading them to a body they couldn't find.
Of note, TRANCE-mediated activation of osteoclasts has recently been shown [ 19] to play an important role in the damage to bone found in experimental models of inflammatory arthritis.
One drug identified in this screen, flavopiridol, was found to be significantly cytotoxic for cell lines derived from activated B-like DLBCL.
A person could find similar interesting bits of information about every aspect of daily life.
This effort (coordinated by the Online Computer Library Center) is assisted by standards for cataloging information . The Dewey Decimal System and the Library of Congress are both schemes that help guarantee that a book can be found the same way in different libraries.
Simply put, data were used to fix blame and punish rather than to find and implement effective interventions.
"I met all the criteria, I met all the qualifications," he told reporters who asked about the Times story July 4. His spokeswoman used the same term: "The military found him absolutely qualified to be commissioned."
On the positive side, "Faludi's reportorial and literary skills unfold with a breathtaking confidence and beauty" (Elizabeth Gleick, Time ). More often, though, critics call the book "didactic and highly simplistic" (Kakutani, the New York Times ). Judith Shulevitz finds a flaw at the center of Faludi's thesis: She "assumes something that's no longer true: that America is in the throes of downsizing and loss"; and her focus on the marginalized and downsized distorts her view: "she should have said she was talking about class; she claimed to be talking about gender" (the New York Times Book Review ). (Click here to listen to an interview with Faludi.)
Consider also that Smith deliberately avoided identifying the performers by race--"It took years before anybody discovered that Mississippi John Hurt wasn't a hillbilly," he said, and it is just as surprising to find out that such bluesmen as Hutchinson and Richard "Rabbit" Brown were white.
Northwest of the cathedral, you’ll find an even more beautiful adaptation of the Pisan Romanesque style of architecture in the town’s other beloved church, San Michele in Foro, less encumbered on its site of the ancient Roman Forum.
He owes $10,000 in back taxes, but he found $300,000 to give to the Clinton campaign.
I'm referring to Jim VandeHei's article "Bottom of the Barrel" (overline: "Where the GOP is finding its candidates."
Moreover, men find it easier to have sex without emotional attachment, so they do sometimes want to "wander right off" after sex.
Like Walt Whitman, he found deep satisfaction in nursing soldiers shipped back to England: It was "wonderful," he said, "to dress nearly every wound in the ward."
"America claims to know how to find a mustard seed, either on earth or in space, thanks to its extraordinary capabilities," he said.
Two al-Qua' da members found guilty in the conspiracy to bomb our embassies in East Africa were US citizens, and a senior EIJ member lived in California in the mid-1990s.
Less than a mile past the Arboretum, you will find two churches on the right side of the road, backed by hundreds of white painted family tombs on the hillside.
What I find interesting is this: Those who think that cell phones are more than two cans with an invisible string are those who want others to see them with a Vuitton bag on their arms as they slide into the buttery leather of their Range Rover on the way to that Vail getaway.
he cannot find an answer within himself.
Applying the restriction fingerprints of the above mentioned single clone analysis, we found several genes that were up-regulated in wounds of dexamethasone treated animals.
John McKay, president of the organization, said the refocused and larger programs can raise more money, find more lawyers and increase the number of poor people who get help through the civil courts system.
I have a place where dreams are born And time is never planned; It's not on any chart You must find it with your heart Never never land.
We found that the results were essentially the same.
The cysteines responsible for mercury poisoning of water flux in AtTIP2;1 (C116) and AtTIP1;1 (C118) [ 59] were found in the predicted sequences of all Arabidopsis TIPs.
In the chapter on Style, I expected to find under punctuation a fuller treatment than that afforded: I looked in vain for two things, the wisdom offered regarding serial commas (whether or when the second comma is required or desirable in A, B, and C, and what the position is on the use of a comma following etc. in the middle of a sentence).
Surely you can find alternatives to being too PC on one hand and going for easy O.J. laughs on the other.
I find it fascinating to observe the parallel changes in English pronunciation, particularly so because everyone I ask assures me that no such changes have taken place and that everyone has always called yoghurt YOG\?\ert.
State would promptly have found its own record on Nawaf al Hazmi, showing that he too had been issued a visa to visit the United States.
Folks didn't have trouble going out and finding jobs."
This finding is similar to a previous study by Moody, McCormick, and Williams.
Add the likelihood of a major-party presidential nomination to the list, and you have a governor who wields a sizable amount of power, even if it can't be found in the state constitution.
They tried more than a half-dozen restaurants and pizza parlors and found them variously full, out of food, closed for lack of water for washing up, and charging one-eighth of a month's salary for a single pizza.
The NYT poll finds that the Dems have a greater-than-10-point electoral advantage on health care, education, and Social Security.
The variables that were found to be significant (p ≤ 0.05) in the univariate analysis (catheter insertion site, duration of catheterization and glycopeptide usage) were taken into logistic regression.
However, the analyses of completely sequenced genomes initiated a reassessment of concepts in microbial evolution [ 4 ] . While some molecular markers were found to agree with one another e.g., [ 5 ] , others do not [ 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ] . Transfer of genetic information between divergent organisms has turned the tree of life into a net or web [ 13 ] , and genomes into mosaics.
A role of the C-terminal end in autoinhibition was conjectured based on the finding that mutation of Gln-495 (underlined in Fig.
It is found only on the peninsula.
The real back country is found 11 miles (18 km) along the High Sierra Trail, beyond Crescent Meadow at Bearpaw Meadow.
They also found a rough draft of the note on the same pad.
An emerging pattern found in gene and protein phylogenies that include prokaryotes (archaebacteria and eubacteria) and eukaryotes is the variable position of eukaryotes.
Recently, the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) found salaries in the federal government to be lower than in the private sector.
The paper's pollsters found that those surveyed were not that antecedently familiar with the issue, which the LAT attributes to the low-level, thus far, of television advertising about it.
Furness has found an audience again.
That night the engineer goes home only to find that his fax machine is already overflowing with résumés from all the other engineers who want in--not even caring what the company will do.
Areas under the ROC curve have been reported to range from 0.65 to 0.77 in case series comprised of patients enrolled in screening trials [ 4 19 20 21 ] or followed in urologic practice [ 22 ] . Among urologic studies, we found only Labrie and colleagues reporting a substantially higher area under the ROC curve: 0.88 (SE 0.03) [ 23 ] . However, biopsies were performed only when digital rectal or transrectal ultrasound examinations were abnormal, which would inflate the apparent sensitivity of an elevated PSA level.
The oldest of the region’s archaeological wonders are found in a museum erected on the very site where they were discovered.
Also, in discounting the rise in incidence found in the NIS-3, Besharov and Dembosky contend that "fatalities arising from child abuse have held roughly steady" between 1986 and 1993.
We found that 5-10% cells immunostained for estrogen receptors.
When we made a series of timed observations of individual laterals in pupae we found that most cells formed multiple independent laterals at a similar time.
Using minimum link lengths found in observed populations to scale the dimensions of the capture zone the model was able to predict distributions that closely match those found in the experimental populations (Table 3).
Pseudomotifs were found by matching PROSITE motifs in intergenic DNA and are thought to be more ancient pseudogenes that have accumulated so many mutations that only small fragments of recognizable motifs remain (Z.Z.
Among many highlights: McLaren fences sound equipment stolen by the Sex Pistols from David Bowie's house; McLaren rejects William Kunstler as Vicious' defense attorney because he listens to "Bob Dylan or Joan Baez--possibly even Joni Mitchell"; McLaren tries to sanitize Vicious' image by finding him a "librarian" girlfriend.
Although it was hypothesized that the polymorphism (A2 allele) could result in an additional Sp1 binding site with enhanced promoter activity and an increased rate of transcription [ 1 ] , this was not found in experimental studies [ 20 21 ] . Nonetheless, two studies found that both premenopausal and post-menopausal women with the variant A2 allele had higher levels of circulating estrogens than those with common alleles, indicating that the polymorphism may be in linkage disequilibrium with another functional polymorphism or that it may affect hormone levels through some other mechanism [ 4 22 ] .
The distance between the vertebrae was determined by finding the pixel length of the vertebrae and the pixel length of the gap between their left neighbouring vertebrae.
You will also find displays of diving equipment used over the centuries to explore the shipwrecks that can be found all around the treacherous reefs off the coast here.
[To learn more about all of these stories and find links to the smartest commentary on them, visit The Week/The Spin.
Like other journalists, I find myself oddly compelled to want to like McCain, whose honesty and openness is appealing, but he creeped me out last night.
Highlights of the day: 1) The Oklahoma City medical examiner enumerated detached body parts collected from the scene and 2) Northern Ireland's former chief medical examiner recounted a bombing case in which an extra penis found at the site turned out to be the sole intact remnant of the man who had carried the bomb.
Others might have found the attention devastating, but Diana must have been relieved to find in the public eye the unflagging concern, pity, and sense of drama Smith says the princess demanded, and failed to get, from Charles.
Most tenuous Kennedy tie-in: The Enquirer 's story about the death of actress Sandra Gould, best known as nosy neighbor Gladys Kravitz on Bewitched . The Enquirer manages to find it "ironic" that Gould died just days after Kennedy, given that Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis once bumped into her at Bloomingdale's and confided that John and Caroline were "huge fans."
Chemokine binding sites for CXCL8, but not for CCL2, CCL3 or CCL5, were found on neutrophils in the rheumatoid synovium.
Of note, a large epidemiologic study of patients with early inflammatory arthritis found that the proportion of patients who met the ACR criteria increased if the criteria were applied cumulatively over a 5 year period [ 29].
For example, it has been suggested that the T cells found in the RA synovium have been selectively recruited on the basis of expression of chemokine receptors [ 20].
This is where you will also find a most wonderful small hotel, La Posada del Torcal.
1. Made 25,000-30,000 years ago, it is the oldest of its kind found in Europe.
Compared to the Ahab predictions, we find more modules near homeotic genes (Abd-A, abd-B, Ubx, hth), due to the presence of the novel Gibbs motifs.
Nonetheless, these isolates shared the same alleles found for VNTR Locus-5 (Allele-2) and Locus-8 (also Allele-2) in cattle.
However, even if most of these genes have no known functions or homologs, we find that their codon usage is close to genes implicated in virulence, antibiotic resistance and secretory systems, implying that they may be functional.
Where could we possibly find a better named publisher than Rogers Weed?
Both annotated segments and chromosome arms were validated using the Sequin software tool from the NCBI [ 71], which found mistakes in exon-intron structure, start of translation, and ID duplication.
She tells me that the 3,666 people we helped find jobs in 1998 earned approximately $49 million dollars.
At Goodwill she gained in self-confidence, in her vision of her future and in the job skills she needed to find and keep a good job. "
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center, a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs.
At last, he has found success in a job that he loves.
After our caseworkers meet with these families and their children they often find they lack even the basic necessities such as cooking utensils, beds, cleaning supplies, etc.
In 1996 the WHO found that much of the population existed in a state of ``semi starvation.''
I find his hierarchy congenial and informative.
The inspector general of the Justice Department found significant problems in the way the 9/11 detainees were treated.
" It will not end until every terrorist group of global reach has been found, stopped, and defeated."
A variation of this theme is found in Robert Browning's The Flight of the Duchess (Section V): —Not he!
Muscat, or muscatel, on the other hand, is found on skid rows all over the land.
“Hoping to find a lake” is included, though of course it doesn't indicate the presence of water.
For a long time he could only find two Yiddish words traditionally used by Jews in such circumstances: “Oi vey.”
Many, we may hope, have not yet been found.
It is similar, in principle, to finding a synonym in a synonym dictionary and then looking up its synonyms to find them.
Notwithstanding the valuable role he plays in inspiring nonlinguists to think about language and in informing them about myriad facets of the subject, I find it hard slogging (or, as he would probably write, “sloguing”).
One might say that subtitling the present book “A Book of Lost Metaphors” is an example of a loose canon [sic] — unless metaphor is taken in its broadest sense—but one is unlikely to find red herrings here: the etymologies of a few hundred words and phrases are given, many not readily findable in standard works of reference.
Discover what services are available to assist you - Get professional help to guide you through the process - Find out if you qualify to lock in a great rate
Those who lead with the Stockdale Paradox - those who retain the unwavering faith that they will find a way to prevail in the end, but who also retain the discipline to confront the most brutal facts of reality - will find this an ideal time to rebuild and reinforce greatness.
I know that, and I’ve always known that ever since I found him waiting for me Christmas Eve night.
I still remember finding her, how faded she was.
You have been idling in her foyer for the past three minutes while you find excuses to not say goodbye to one another.
Did you stop to think that I didn’t want to be found?
Since the conformation corresponding to species D2 is found in the presence of ATP and is likely to be the conformation that releases bound VO +2-ADP, it is likely that the VO +2ligands are one phosphate and two carboxyl groups [ 25 ] .
8 %) and abnormal liver function tests were found in 29 of the 59 patients (49.
Therefore, in 60% of the patients with sub clinical or clinical evidence of liver disease, no clear explanation for the abnormal LFTs was found, except for the association with 1°SS.
Al l credible sources agree that supply will be very tight throughout the Summer of 2001 and that unless a solution is found immediately, blackouts are likely.
continued to defend him, stating that the panel had found Chang "a witness wholly without credibility.
While all five members of the majority found the instructions to the jury on weighing aggravating and mitigating factors to be confusing, two of those justices wrote in a partial dissent that the prosecutor's statements in his summation about the defense's expert witnesses were within the bounds of acceptable argument.
Karthik, If you cannot find the answer, please call Zimin.
Ants themselves rely primarily on chemical information taken in through their antennae, and to mimic this, Antie will have chemical sensing and emitting “stalks” with which to both interact with other ants (who may be surprised to find an ant without antennae) and take in chemical information.
Other subsistence farmers found themselves competing with cash-crop entrepreneurs (Jews and Arabs) whose successes changed the face of Palestinian agriculture.
In all, nine birds on the Federal threatened or endangered lists and 11 birds on Audubon’s WatchList of imperiled species could be found in these killing fields.
As previously mentioned, the fugato motive incorporates the motion by perfect fourths found in the Introduction as well as the intervallic cell found in the second head motive of the first theme.
Our boat would disappear into the ocean to be found or not as the wind and tides chose.

Because states and EPA will have to find some way to significantly reduce NOx and SO2 emissions, it is probable that power generators will be required to reduce their emissions significantly.
However, in the analysis responding to the Jeffords/Lieberman request that had NOx, SO2, mercury and CO2 reduction levels similar to S. 556, we found significant ramifications: approximately a 20-30% decline of coal generation and a 30-50% increase in electricity prices compared to the reference case (depending on assumptions of energy technology penetration).
I'm shocked, shocked i say, that the "center for alcohol policy" is an arm of the national beer wholesalers association and that it would conduct a poll that finds results supporting those that funded the poll.
Frank Sinatra, Wayne Newton, and Louis Prima each arrived with mediocre status and suddenly found themselves with names as big as the marquees on which they were written.
I was one more scrap to weld onto the rest, one more stranded survivor who was found.
I slowly returned my attention to the conversation and was pleasantly surprised to find that it had turned to a heated analysis of a recent abstract film—done in the style of old flatscreen movies—that I had seen during off-time at Geminia Station.
I don't know how Jefferson knew to find me there.
Look what I found,” Adrienne said.
Can you picture the baby elephant and mother with no place safe to rest and find water?
Here is a supposedly true story someone found regarding exams at Cambridge University.
It says it found new hardware ...
He walked down to the kitchen to get a cup of coffee, and to his surprise he found his wife, Alice, sitting there, fully dressed in camouflage.
Hare Hare A young man was something of a slacker and found it difficult to hold down a job.
Some of us can't find a husband, and others have husbands to burn!
Lincoln "I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do that.
So as not to be outdone, in the weeks that followed, American scientists dug 200m, and headlines in the US newspapers read: "US scientists have found traces of 2000 year old optical fibres, and have concluded that their ancestors already had advanced high-tech digital telephone 1000 years earlier than the Russians.
The missionary finds him and nurses him back to health.

If either one of them gets south of Panama, we'll never find them in the Amazon.
IAN MALCOLM Dr. Grant was right about how to find them.
 -- but the answer to that, Justice Ginsburg, I submit, is found in the Necessary and Proper Clause, and this Court's interpretation of the Necessary and Proper Clause as to the extent that this Court would find or not find that the judgment made by Congress with respect to the implementation of this very broad power is convenient or useful in terms of the achievement of the 2 goals. Okay
I don't think this is making sense and I can't find the words.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
“I will help you find your Rachel.
"From a realistic standpoint, were we going to find an outfielder that pushed one of our outfielders to the bench?
GISELLE: When you find him, will you give him a message?
You* want you to find this.
What we need to do is find out what the spirit needs, and then just get it back!
I know Will came to find you.

Because PGI 2 and TXA 2 have opposing effects in vivo , we calculated the ratio of their metabolites (6-keto-PGF 1α :TXB 2 ) and found a significantly lower ratio in HF-IPF at baseline (0.08 [0.04-0.52] versus 0.12 [0.11-0.89] in HF-IPF and HF-NL, respectively; P = 0.028) and a similar trend under stimulated conditions (0.24 [0.05-1.53] versus 1.08 [0.51-3.79] in HF-IPF and HF-NL, respectively; P = 0.09 [Fig. 2]).
Although the reasons for our different results are unclear, the fact that we found similar COX-2 expression and PGE 2 production in normal and IPF lung fibroblasts suggests that loss of COX-2 expression is not a universal characteristic of fibroblasts cultured from the lungs of subjects with IPF.
Enzo Angolini spike heels found by serendipity at St Paul's Thrift for $3.98.
changing settings and finding friends.
Find
scrambling to find a buddy with wheels to pick up a matress i bought from a guy on craigslist counting my beans.
Happy Wednesday 01.23.08 Find out where pro abort Catholic pols go to confess on the blog news...
Find out here: http://twurl.nl/ve75nb #college #jobs I now officially rename you "THE Zeitgeist".
http://tinyurl.com/d6kqwk 04 yeah CIA recruiting quietly at UNM http://snipurl.com/fwzdu http://tr.im/iQEa BREAKING NEWS: 19 ABC Learning Centres to close: Corporate recovery firm PPB has announced that it has found buy..
Tired of viewing hot films and tossing off, because you cannot find a lady, who would be satisfied with your average-sized dik?
If you broaden your scope a bit, I think it would be difficult to find a time over the last 40 years or so when any of these four archetypes didn't have a level of bubbling popularity via books, comic books, tv, movies, video games, music.
If you leave the park and walk up Cotton Tree Drive, you will find the Peak Tram terminal.
Birds are favorite pets in Hong Kong, valued for their singing rather than their plumage, and here you’ll find all kinds of birds for sale as well as elaborate teak and bamboo cages.
When they came ashore they found the A-Ma Temple (properly called Ma Kok Temple; open daily dawn to dusk), dedicated to the favorite goddess of fishermen, who is also known as Tin Hau.
You’ll find a simplicity, a lack of complication, about many local people, yet something, too, of the sophistication associated with the French.
Both precursor and effector cells of this activity were typically NK cells [ 11 ] . Direct evidence that NK cells are the mediators of LAK activity came from Immunotransmission Electron microscopic studies using colloidal gold labeled antibodies in which CD16 positive cells were shown to extend their protrusions deep into the target cells and it was found that the cytoplasmic granules and vacuoles of CD16 positive LAK cells were concentrated in the area of the binding site [ 12 ] . With the advent of flowcytometry and immunophenotyping we thought we could approach this dilemma in a different but simple and straightforward manner.
'Matched isologs' are sequences that have a high degree of similarity (score of over 100 at the protein level) to a gene found in another organism, but a functional homology between these genes has not been determined.
A research team at the University of Guelph's Ontario Veterinary College recently dissected 11 male beavers that were native to Spencerville, just south of Canada's capital, and found that they all had uteruses.
Yiddish has found a cozy niche in English during this century.
A book by members of the team that found his body on the mountain last May revealed that he had enough oxygen to do so, and it also offered another "tantalising clue.
[ 26 ] An annotated bibliography of the 516 published reports can be found at http://www.liv.ac.uk/evidence.
As one with family members whose lives are literally threatened by peanuts in their environment, I fail to find the humor in Seth Stevenson's article "Nuttiness" on the subject today.
The paper says the director of the CDC finds the results incredible, adding that they will probably serve as a blueprint for research into disease and urban violence.
However, our finding that a daily injection of the beta-blocker propanolol does not prevent the development of iron deficient cardiac hypertrophy suggests that beta-adrenergic sympathetic stimulation may not be a causal agent in the development of hypertrophy.
Thus, the QIOs found that some time at workshops was best allocated as time for nursing home teams to identify a change they could make in one process of care.
In a consistent manner, studies have found that men who are generally healthier [ 26 33 ] , married [ 34 35 ] , and more educated [ 35 36 ] are more likely to be diagnosed with prostate cancer than men with different characteristics.
The Park Service policeman who found Vincent Foster's body has incurred $200,000 in legal expenses.
His purpose is to find Nachtigel and kill him.
We find that pockets of heat in the form of stars and galaxies are spreading out and cooling down over time.
You remember when confirmed reservations meant the airline would a) hold your seat and b) feel obliged to find you a substitute--on another carrier if necessary--if, for some reason, your flight didn't take off.
2C, 2D), thereby underscoring the significance of our finding that all CSN subunits tested here are involved in cullin regulation.
The gene numbers are remarkably similar to those found for the entire dataset, as are the numbers of groups (see the Additional data files).
After all, if an American publication like Slate finds itself subject to Britain's Official Secrets Act, this turns the Internet's promise of freedom on its head.
When a putative transduced sequence was found to be very similar to the downstream sequence of another L1 in the genome, certain criteria had to be met in order to merit further analysis.
Directions to find the Basilica of St. Stephen (Szent István Bazilika) aren’t needed, as its 96-metre (315-foot) dome dominates the skyline.
Scientists found a planet near a star only 15 light-years away . It is the closest planet we have found beyond our solar system.
We compared the human genome regions covered by CSEs from Cel2 and MGSCv3 and found that about 90 megabases (Mb) (approximately 3% of the whole human genome) are covered by all CSEs.
In the end, we found a total of 25 families made up of 63 L1 elements (Table 1).
Troll for finds along the streets Banys Nous, carrer de la Palla, and Petritxol in the Gothic Quarter, home to innumerable antiques dealers.
The finding that the genes encoding the three types of BMP receptors are expressed in primordial follicles indicates that these fundamental reproductive units are targets for the BMPs.
It sometimes seems as if no public intellectual, be he Irving Kristol or George Soros, feels his résumé is complete until he has published an article or book attacking economic theory--a project that does not, of course, require that its author make much effort to find out what that theory really says.
It's odd that the WP was able to find this out without finding out what prompted it.
Because no one believes that every conceivable form of attack can be prevented, civilians and first responders will again find themselves on the front lines.
A word for those enamored of hiking: As a rule, in Mexico there are no marked trails or ranger stations such as you commonly find in the US and Europe.
Because of a recent criticism I was recently moved to express concerning the spelling of flack for press agent, I looked it up and found it under flack , where the fancied etymology is quoted from Better English ([June 28] 1939):
"As we head into high summer I find myself thinking often of summers long ago and a way of life long gone."
Our finding that the PS is not exposed on the cells treated with low concentration of CPT while they release PS-containing MP may suggests that these cells release MP to remove PS from the cell surface as a protective mechanism that may counteract proapoptotic stimulation in the life/death decision process.
Note that the significant increases found in the NIS-3 were discontinuous across the outcome spectrum, occurring in only two categories: serious injury/harm and endangerment, both of which essentially quadrupled since the NIS-2 in 1986.
"We're far from certain that her brand of righteous liberalism is what the people of New York want or need," say the editors, "but we are sure that it would be healthy for the country to find out."
This last point is crucial to assess the physiological significance of nucleotide usage found in stop signal regions.
If you can't find a soccer mom for your story, don't worry.
Since no primary deleterious mtDNA mutation has been found in the proband and she was born to healthy parents with unremarkable family history, we hypothesize that the etiology of her mitochondrial dysfunction could reside in a still unidentified nuclear gene defect; although secondary mitochondrial dysfunction caused by an unknown inborn error of metabolism cannot be excluded completely.
Weir added that the legal aid agencies will also recruit more attorneys from private practice to handle legal aid cases for free, and accelerate efforts to find alternative funding.
Still, you don’t have to look too hard to find succulent pastry shops and creative jewelry stores.
If you scored all five correctly, call Creators Syndicate Inc.; you've probably found your calling.
And after recovering from the initial euphoria over winning the big prize, Mayor Jim Dailey and Co. realized they had to find $15 million to buy and clear the property.
Hollywood composers have usually found it easier to earn money than respect.
I found the last two essays the most entertaining and particularly useful: 1) “E Pluribus Unum: The Melting Pot of English” (pp.
The data was processed with DENZO/SCALEPACK [ 23 ] . The molecular replacement solution was found using AMORE [ 20 ] with a previously solved TEL-SAM mutant (V80E) dimer structure as the search model.
The Galpha(olf) has been shown to be specifically expressed in the striatum in the brain and was found to colocalize with and activated by adenosine A 2A receptors [ 14 ] . It is possible that the specific expression of Galpha(olf) in the dorsal spinal cord implies its mediation of functions for specific G-protein-coupled receptors in these neurons.
The multicellular developmental program of Dictyostelium is a response to starvation with the goals being the survival of some cells, in the form of protected spores, and dispersal of the survivors in hopes of finding an environment that supports growth.
Despite some evidence linking overweight and hip OA [ 3, 4, 5, 6], this finding is equivocal and has previously been documented mainly in small studies of relatively young people, usually in the absence of radiographic evidence [ 6, 7].
Once you’re off the traffic-squeezed main arteries, you’ll find that Albufeira’s old town preserves a surprising bit of traditional charm.
It then sorts the hits found by all of the proteins, and for each hit, identifies the query sequences that found that hit.
The NYT , LAT and WP note that the China report was unusually bipartisan, receiving unanimous committee approval and finding Chinese acquisition of military secrets transpiring during Republican and Democratic administrations alike.
Around the corner in Featherbed Alley, you will find Featherbed Alley Printery, a small museum with a working model of the Gutenberg printing press first brought from England by Joseph Stockdale in 1783 and used to produce the Bermuda Gazette — first issued on 17 January 1784.
To determine whether a particular motif is over-represented among the promoters of a given SSH library, we first determined the frequency of each motif in the total complement of Arabidopsis promoters using the 1,000 bp upstream promoter files from TAIR [ 103 ] . We then calculated the probability of finding m promoter regions having one or more motifs in the set of n promoters in each SSH library, as well as in the total SSH library collection.
In the case of the forged-note story, the allegation originated with Scaife's Tribune-Review and the Telegraph . From there, it progressed to the conservative Washington Times and the editorial page of the Wall Street Journal . Only then did it find a home on the Internet, where it festers to this day.
We also found variations in MF/SS tumor cells in the expression level of CD45, a phosphatase that regulates TCR activation [ 14 ] . The finding of frequent variations in the levels of these TCR-complex proteins in tumors is intriguing and suggests abnormal regulation or formation of the TCR complex in some tumor cells.
This application was found to be most accurate, user-friendly, and efficiently handled dual tier gels.
An obvious difference was found in the D-loop region where A189G was present in the proband in a near homoplasmic state and homoplasmic wild type A189 was present in the proband's mother.
You’ll find good tavernas around the old village square — look for the huge plane tree.
In all cases, the aggregates were found to be on or near the boundary of the vacuoles (Fig.
One reason a virus hasn't been found--if indeed a virus causes these diseases--is that no one is doing the laborious and expensive work to find it.
The famous sardine fisheries finally closed down in the 1940s as a result of over-fishing, but the waterfront district of timbered canneries, immortalized by the novelist John Steinbeck as “a poem, a stink, a grating noise, a quality of light, a tone, a habit, a nostalgia,” has found a new lease on life today as a tourist attraction with souvenir shops, delightful cozy boutiques, and artists’ studios.
But they also suck because they're slow and their graphics are worse than what you find on a PC monitor.
Finally seeing the movie, I find it hard not to share Smith's perplexity.
You will find it hard to believe that any single magazine, let alone a Webzine, could be so profuse in its offerings and so loving toward its readers.
Most numerous of their legacies are the ornate street fountains found in the corners of market squares and outside of chapels.
In addition, a hexameric sequence thought to be recognized by ATP-DnaA (AGATCT) was found in the 3' non-coding sequence adjacent to dnaA (Fig.
Cornell's art consists of useless found objects that, when arranged in boxes and placed behind glass, seem like answers to forgotten riddles set long ago by brilliant and perverse princesses.
Networks trained to distinguish responders from non-responders would allow a comparison of tumor-expressed genes in responders and non-responders to find those genes most predictive of response.
And so they find themselves in the cozy position of believing they're beyond materialism while they cruise around in their Ferraris.
While there he was taken with a 7-year-old girl who, he found out, had been sexually abused by her father.
Find out where they live.

If the phenomenon were due to chance, the authors reasoned, they would be as likely to find an ELS naming Rabbi X near one identifying the birthday of Rabbi Y as they would be to find Rabbi X near his own birthday.
[ 19] found that the Factor V Leiden mutation was associated with an increased risk of deep venous thrombosis (as determined by routine bilateral ascending venography) in 480 European patients who had undergone total hip arthroplasty, however only 41 of the 120 patients with deep venous thrombosis had proximal thrombi.
A stopover in Singapore is also an opportunity to find the latest bargains for cameras and computers.
Other common allergies include reactions to the proteins found in food , the excrement of mites , and the saliva of
No doubt we do need to find new urban models for the millions of new houses that will be built over the next decades.
[ 41 ] ). That means that any common structure can be found at least once within a distance of approximately 10-12 mutations from any arbitrarily chosen sequence.
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, who wrote the 5-4 decision, found that school districts can be liable for damages for failing to stop a student's severe and pervasive sexual harassment of a classmate.
Coimbra’s old city is a good place to find ceramics featuring revived 17th–18th-century styles typical of the area.
A few months ago, a colleague wrote saying that he had encountered my mention of it but had been unable to find any reference in Dryden's writings.
Miraculously, the military justice system found that none of these actions was anybody's fault.
They find a code to live by--Islam for Malcolm, black power for Cleaver, a freaky Nietzscheanism for Abbott.
During September of 1998, we measured fungal abundance and richness in each habitat by culturing fungi found on the vegetation in 21 communities.
Here you will find more than 72 hectares (175 acres) of grandeur, with palaces, courtyards, and gardens.
Girls who experience a relatively early sexual maturation, typically assessed by age at menarche, tend to be more obese as adults [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ] . For example, Garn et al [ 1 ] found that women (ages 20 to 35 y) who reported menarche before age 11 y were 2 to 3 kg/m 2heavier than those who underwent menarche after 14 y.
This finding is important because the correlation between the recent and lifetime alcohol intake was not strong.
Remarkably, for the novel gene corresponding to Ensembl [ 11] predicted transcript ENST00000299272, we found a mouse ETS-domain gene ( Spi-C ), which shares 67% protein sequence identity with the human predicted transcript.
This is truly a quotable book of quotations, many from more modern writers than one might expect to find in other sources.
Participants are invited to find, in an actual newspaper or magazine, a less enticing headline.
We carried out a preliminary analysis of the transposable element sequences found in the WGS3 heterochromatic sequence.
Your support of Goodwill will provide job training and placement services to help the hardest to serve in central Indiana find meaningful employment.
The last of the impressionist exhibitions, in which Degas had played so central a role, was held in 1886; afterward, he found himself increasingly isolated as well.
In a study published after this report was submitted, an increased number of 8-OH-dG positive islet cells in human type 2 diabetic subjects was observed [ 32 ] . The staining was found to be mainly nuclear in contrast to the cytoplasmic Ogg1 staining found in the present report.
The number of activated (and repressed) genes in the PBMC experiments is higher than we have found here, perhaps reflecting the nature of a more 'professional' or specialized immune response.
The LAT says officials are expecting to find between 100 and 300 corpses.
A high density of NK-ir fibers was found above the periaqueductal gray and the central nucleus of the inferior colliculus (Fig.
George found that, among the twenty million diVerent phage, about one in a million would stick to his specific monoclonal antibody molecules.
Another possible regulatory scheme for conserved, closely spaced word pairs is that individual sequences found in templates may correspond to binding sites for transcription factors that bind independently under the same or separate conditions.
The practice of entering proper names and adjectives with lower-case initials I found off-putting because they were normally encountered with capitals.
Plotz finds this advice cynical and shabby.
Atop this cobra is a bronze bird like those found on the corners of temple roofs.
He's originally from Kansas--so, to find out more about him, I called a county police detective there who tracks the far right.
This would be difficult to repeat, suggests Kyle McSlarrow, Dan Quayle's campaign manager, because much of Buchanan's 1996 campaign team (including sister Bay) is unavailable, because the field is so crowded, and because the voters have "wised up," I add, quoting only myself, a man who finds simple joy in the phrase "Dan Quayle's campaign manager."
The corresponding normal lung tissues were found to be negative for PDGFR-α.
Jerusalem has a staid reputation, but take a stroll in the New City in the area around Ben Yehuda Street and Yoel Salomon Street and you’ll find lots going on most evenings, including a handful of discos, several music bars and “pubs,” and narrow streets congested with tables and thronging with locals and tourists.
The only studies to perform repeated echocardiograms (separated by one year in both) in large numbers of unexposed persons found either no net progression or net regression in their control groups [ 24 25 ] . Because these studies did not report usable direct measures of incidence, we made several assumptions to estimate unexposed incidence using raw data from the Framingham study and from the studies reviewed here.
Each of these parks has its own attributes, and the whole area is a stronghold of the Spanish Lynx, but the highest peaks and the most dramatic scenery is found in the last of these, which is also the birthplace of the great Guadalquivir River.
Dominick Dunne, in his book, tries to find the meaning of events in relation to his own life and can end only with a scene of queasily erotic murder-suicide.
The finding that IL-4-producing effector cells could be generated from synovial tissue T cells once removed from that environment suggests that all of the cells were not yet terminally polarized to Th1-like effector cells.
And that a recent poll found 76 percent of respondents thinking that there have been other political scandals that were just as bad as Watergate.
Wu et al found that their modified health status questionnaire reliably and distinctly measured aspects of health among HIV-positive persons recruited for two clinical trials of zidovudine.
We have not found any large community-based studies evaluating the accuracy of PSA testing.
Degas' very retreat from contemporary life owes something to his disgust with French society as he found it.
In particular, we found that the tyrosine phosphorylated Cas SD domain blocked v-crk mediated activation of the JNK pathway.
Last year, Goodwill helped 3,300 people find jobs that increased their self-sufficiency.
Goodwill finds jobs for people with mental and physical disabilities.
The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to continue our mission of helping people prepare for, find and keep jobs.
He went to the Center Township Trustee for food stamps until he could find a job and a place to live.
Of the more than 42,000 people Goodwill served in 1999, over 5,000 of them have multiple barriers to finding and keeping a job.
Yet when the first hard frost comes, when the birches have been swung, their crimson leaves scattered carelessly, when crystals splint shallow ponds and old egrets stand dark watch the coming dawn, long-legged, knowing how winter is thin, when the first phase transition of water to ice forms slight solidity across meadow streams, small creatures of flesh and concept tiptoe gingerly to some far side where, perhaps, something new is to be found.
We scientists find the facts.
They concluded that none of the passengers was connected to the 9/11 attacks and have since found no evidence to change that conclusion.
The magnificent frescoes and mosaics found at Akrotiri are in Athens at present, but the remains of the buildings at the site provide ample evidence of the sophistication of the culture here.
The only thing I know about Gilbert is that I find him listed as co-author of Muskrat Ramble .
I find a muskrat ramble difficult to imagine visually.

Perhaps one day we shall find an Etruscan library, buried deep in the Italian countryside; but for the present, we have to make do with what we have, which is precious little.
Pottery finds can be interpreted to support either the imposition of an elite culture from Turkmenia or a late development of the Indus civilization.
It ill behooves me, excoriated recently as enamored of the “cheap larf,” to criticize Safire's arch puns, which permeate—“enliven” is probably the word his editor would use—his articles, but I find some kinds of humor unsuitable for reading, however they might evoke a chuckle when uttered viva voce .
If the user wants to find out about misplaced adjectives and adverbs , reference is made to the entry “Electric shaver for women with delicate floral design on the handle.”
I have now found a secured way of getting the package out of Iraq for you to pick it up.
Today I and my younger sister find for ourselves in Ghana.
One drink too many finds you fumbling around in the dark with the leggy brunette from three floors up.
I know how to find what makes a person tick.
I would soon find out.
Adelle always seemed to find him, and she never failed to share her information with Gianna, or....
Six large controlled population-based studies of non-smoking older adults have investigated the association between body mass index (BMI) and mortality, controlling for relevant covariates [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 ] . All studies found excess risk for persons with very low BMI, but that persons with moderately high BMI had little or no extra risk except in certain small subsets.
These trials found that when compared with placebo, statins significantly reduced the incidence of death, myocardial infarction, unstable angina, percutaneous and surgical coronary revascularization, and stroke in persons with stable coronary disease.
Risk factors for liver disease were identified in 40% of the patients with abnormal liver function tests and are described in Table 4. No association with tobacco use was found.
In this group of Sjögren's patients seen at a tertiary care center, abnormal liver function tests were found to be a common non-exocrine feature of 1°SS.
Although no other diagnosis explaining liver disease may be found, the disorders for which treatment might be beneficial (e.g.
This matter was far more serious than what the committee found," Simon said.
Starke said the school was helping Easterling find housing.
I *always* lock my drawers and keep the key in the same place, but on arriving in the office today I found the drawers unlocked, and the key missing.
A good comparison of international homicide rates can be found on the relatively neutral guncite.com website.
Find a nearby hidden gem and start planning your next weekend or fam­ily vacation with all three superlative guides.
Antie will use the chemical gradient algorithm of Braitenberg’s aggressive type 2 vehicle described in his book “Vehicles: Experiments in Synthetic Psychology,” as this was found through a series of experiments by Russell, et al (2003) to be very efficient when compared to several biomimetic models.
A general site of food is all that the patroller need find; the foragers will dig through the sand for the food.
In every case of terrorism, we will find some kind of legitimate underlying grievance.
P.S.We found Astro a wonderful adoptive home.
It is rare to find another activity on campus—academic or extracurricular—that includes a comparable daily rigor and frequent overnight obligation.
Such provisions have been critical to the success of the Acid Rain Program, encouraging individual sources to find the most cost-effective means of compliance with the collective emission reduction goal.
le who abided by all the rules now find themselves out of work and uncertain about their future prospects. The coll
Out of the 56 homosexual males who had identical twins, 29, or approximately 52 % of their identical twin brothers were also found to be homosexual, as compared to only 12, or approximately 22 % of the 54 non-identical twins of homosexual males, and 6, or approximately 11 % of the 57 adopted brothers of homosexual males who were unrelated in terms of genetics.
It was time to find out what hell looked like.
Sarah's circle had picked up another newcomer, Adrienne, a short blond girl who we all agreed was barely old enough to attend a traditional university back on Earth, let alone work on the ship in whose wreck Jefferson had found her.
Tell me,” I said, after we sat, “what you have found.
I'd put on a space suit, I'd get out of this ship, I'd find civilization again.
You can also take a ferry to Macau to find an entirely different kind of city, a unique blend of Chinese and Iberian culture.
When I completed my work, I found I had some bricks left over, which, when weighed later, were found to be slightly in excess of 500lbs.
Late Sunday evening he was found in a tree by a farmer.
Please find attached an Application Contact Status which I require your chosen employee to complete.
Jack Handy "Instead of getting married again, I'm just going to find some woman I don't like and give her a house.
When the first guy found out he was furious.
He often broke into song because he couldn't find the key.
A complex system that does not work is invariably found to have evolved from a simpler system that worked just fine.
As soon as you make a commitment to one, you find yourself spending half your salary on accessories for it.
I hope you find a way to continue your excellent work in the field.
IAN MALCOLM You mean, whatever they can find.

 -- but the answer to that, Justice Ginsburg, I submit, is found in the Necessary and Proper Clause, and this Court's interpretation of the Necessary and Proper Clause as to the extent that this Court would find or not find that the judgment made by Congress with respect to the implementation of this very broad power is convenient or useful in terms of the achievement of the 2 goals. Okay
Dave has been unable to find any time that all of us can make.
And then we’ll work to find loving homes for them
She is a loyal wife to her husband as she has promised, but she also causes him to find trouble with the law and deceives him about her supernatural nature.
Here, let me write down how to find him.”
Let me see if I can find him.”
Even if you did find this vampire cat, he’d tear you apart!
Denise Hale, social icon and Liza Minnelli's stepmother: "Julia Child gave to all women one beautiful present: Watching her series you found out you don't have to be perfect.
Jack must find his place in the new world or perish.

to find *this*.
Because the finding this finds you incapacitorially finding and/or locating and your discovering the detecting of a way to save your dolly/dotty belle ol'...
we have a need to find the Flying Dutchman.
ELIZABETH SWANN: How do we find it?
In our study we found that both COX-2 protein expression and PGE 2 production were upregulated to a similar degree in IPF and normal lung fibroblasts.
And, of course, to find ways to build those forms.
His mind's strangest fruit had ripened at last, and he found the taste less bitter than expected.
I wonder how those people who flies frequently can find the energy to work.
Updating my Facebook, finding friends and general browsing Hi Al, Checking tweets now I;ve added some friends.
finishing reading Skulduggery Pleasant has found out how to VNC securely url found a video that has made his morning, gizmodo man armed with a tv-turner offer, classic url Just done my premarital genetic screening test.
RT @joe_carney: Essential PHP Techniques for Web Designer and Developers http://bit.ly/MEm2 B finds a drawing that shows downtown Knoxville was a much busier place in 1921: http://wigsphere.com RT @EwasteSuzie25 Take the NG E-waste quiz.


You’ll find that prices are about the same in Hong Kong Central and Kowloon, and somewhat cheaper in Causeway Bay, which caters to local shopping.
You’ll find herb and medicine shops, incense shops, chop makers’ shops (makers of Chinese seals), and more.
Thus you will find “191/2-mile Beach” at Castle Peak Bay.
This will protect at least 10% of each different type of forest found in every country.
Poland is, like most European nations, primarily focused on football (soccer), but beyond that sports fever doesn’t appear to reach the variety or depth of sports found in many other countries.
On the left as you walk away from the harbor you’ll find the Memorial Sculpture Garden, dedicated to the brave settlers who founded New Plymouth.
As the director of the Dalmatian Board at AcmePet.com, Your Guide to Pets on the Internet, I have found a nation of Dalmatian owners who are the happiest people I have ever met.
To that end, Chatterbox searched the online collection at the University of North Carolina's Center for the Study of the American South and found two uses of the word.
A discussion of Probit Analysis, and examples of computer program input and output, are found in Appendix H.
This is a story of a man with an amazing talent for finding what and whom he needed to make himself what he wanted to be, the greatest analyst since Freud.
But he found himself under a more demanding boss than he was used to and got fired before he got a chance to exercise any stock options.
Print magazines, which depend on direct mail for generating subscriptions, usually find that their best prospects are subscribers to magazines they most closely resemble.
Instead of remaining in the cytoplasm in the absence of steroid, nearly all of the GR-GFP was found in the cytoplasmic and nuclear inclusion bodies containing the Rab24 mutant (Fig.
Since the soul of this latest tycoon isn't interesting, Simpson might have found a story in the social insecurity of the women who are his hangers-on, and their ambivalence about ambition.
--a sales pitch for where to find L.L.
It is surprising how few of the examples of putative L1-TDs can be directly verified by finding either progenitor-progeny or sibling pairs.
Vascular smooth muscle immunostaining was found only in RA.
That is, no matter how quickly demographic change proceeds, we seem to find a way to reinvent and sustain our jerry-rigged pigmentocracy.
Both Times find the wavering of Republican Rep.
A commentary on this article can be found at http://www.biomedcentral.com/1471-8219/2/5
A quick scroll through the movies suggests that their quality is about what you would find in your local theaters on any given day--many awful, some fair, and a few good.
The intercostal muscle spindles localized in this study show that 1° and 2° afferents could be found with equal frequency along the dorsal - ventral extent of the intercostal space.
Technology is one important tool to help bridge this gap-by making it easier for lawyers and clients to find each other, making basic legal information more easily available, and demystifying the law so that potential clients are more willing to seek legal help."
Furthermore, we found that a region of the X chromosome at which many X-inactivated genes are located is quite L1-poor, a finding that is contrary to a direct role for L1s in X inactivation.
The road leading to Laurel Heights (where the editorial offices of VERBATIM are situated and which is, believe it or not, somewhat elevated from the surrounding land, a laurel or two can actually be found there, too) is named Boggy Hole Road, an apt name till a year ago or so, when the town of Old Lyme rebuilt it, widened it, paved it, and provided it with drainage; it is now in such good condition that I have suggested that the name be changed to Boggy Hole Boulevard, an idea that has not found much favor at the town hall.
"Marijuana may be a far more insidious drug than generally thought," the Post reported, "and apparently alters the brain chemistry of pot smokers in ways that may make them particularly vulnerable to 'hard' drugs such as heroin or cocaine, two independent research groups have found."
The correlation coefficients, particularly for the self-self comparison (ONL1 versus ONL2) when only tags present less than 100 times in total were considered, may seem somewhat low, compared to correlation coefficients computed for microarray data [ 21 22 23 ] . However, any digital gene-expression dataset shows a certain amount of noise due simply to sampling variability, particularly for lower-abundance transcripts [ 20 ] . Even if two tags are actually found at identical levels in two libraries, the observed values of those tags will show a Poisson distribution about the actual values, thus resulting in a lower observed correlation coefficient.
He has found his mission in preserving what matters in our culture, and in standing in the way of attempts to coarsen and reduce it.
Of interest, however, was the finding that the discordant oligonucleotides had an average GC content of 57% compared to the concordant oligonucleotide average of 50%.
They had hardly turned into the high street when their search appeared to be successful, for they found a door that bore the sign Closed . That, they thought, could only be the English for the German word Klosett . But they were disappointed--the door simply did not open.
' Those who dare to use last year's words find themselves ostracized by their clique-mates.
If you can find a better example of cop-speak, buy it.
Our obsession with buying expensive outdoor gear leads us to find excuses to use it, resulting in utterly pointless, dangerous journeys.
In the floor you’ll find the tomb of an Irish colonel, Hugh Beatty, a soldier of fortune who commanded the Lagos regiment of the Portuguese army in the late 18th century, and who must have been held in very high esteem to have been awarded such a prestigious final resting place.
We don't just go to the nearest fabric store and try to find the closest thing to what we want.
Calnexin, Calreticulin, GRP94 (glycoprotein 96) and GRP78 (BiP) have been identified on the cell surface of immature thymocytes [ 16 17 ] . Cell surface expression of GRP94 is found in lymphocytes and lymphoid-like cells from several vertebrate species and is phylogenetically conserved [ 18 ] . Calnexin has been found on the surface of pro-B cells [ 19 ] , as well as in a variety of mammalian culture cells [ 20 ] and a number of HSPs are found expressed on the cell surface in human and murine tumor cells [ 21 22 23 24 ] . Calreticulin, GRP78 and PDI were described on the plasma membrane of different cell types [ 25 26 27 28 ] ; GRP78, GRP94, and PDI, have been found on the surface of rat exocrine pancreatic cells [ 29 30 ] , and GRP78 cell surface expression was recently shown in human endothelial cells [ 31 ] .
Previous studies of HIV-positive patients with blood stream infection have shown that a high APACHE II score predicts an increased risk of death [ 14 27 ] . Although we did not find a significant association between mortality and CD4 +lymphocyte count, a previous study showed that a low CD4 +lymphocyte count is associated with increased mortality in patients with nosocomial blood stream infection [ 27 ] .
For example, for the A549 set of 223 genes, 35 enriched LocusLink annotation terms were found that had a p -value less than 1.9E-03, where one term with a p -value less than 1.9E-03 would be expected in a given set of 223 randomly selected genes.
Given a multiple sequence alignment of orthologous sequences from closely related species, the aligned and invariant regions should be enriched for functionally important residues [ 12 13 ] . Additional Saccharomyces genomes were sequenced to ensure sufficient sequence similarity to S. cerevisiae such that orthologous regions could be reliably aligned, yet enough sequence divergence that functional sequences would be much more conserved than nonfunctional sequences [ 26 28 ] . To confirm that regulatory sequences were found in conserved regions, we tested a database of 47 known, nonredundant regulatory motifs and found that 35 show conservation ratios that were more than three standard deviations above that expected by chance [ 26 29 ] .
We found that 11,160 - approximately one in seven - of these predictions is on the appropriate strand and within 500 bp of an EST 5' end.
Coming from the no man's land of Illinois instead of North or South, Lidie represents the realist's take on slavery--in her heart she's against it, but she finds the abolitionists smug, intoxicated by their own abstract words.
Interestingly, other amino acids in these surrogates were found to be identical to residues flanking the TxRLL motif in p170 on both the amino and carboxy sides (Figure 5).
The Enquirer says that actress Bridget Fonda is "stocking up on bridal magazines," while country singer Dwight Yoakam shops for her engagement ring, despite a concurrent report in the Globe that a "heartsick" Fonda "can't find Mr. Right."
Its anti-hero, Hertz Grein, an erudite European refugee and serial deserter of women, turns his back on a secular life gone hideously awry and migrates to Israel, joining the most extreme sect of ultra-Orthodox he can find.
Despite 40-mile visibility, Button was nowhere to be found.
There are, however, several published microarray experiments in which, although individual variation in gene expression was not explicitly addressed, variation in gene expression in age- and sex-matched individual mice or pooled samples of three or fewer mice was measured and found to be relatively small [ 36 37 38 39 ] . These include data from both peripheral tissue and brain that reported r -values for individual mice at around 0.98 [ 37 38 ] , and one publicly available dataset of inter-individual comparisons of CNS tissues [ 38 ] . We analyzed this dataset and found it to have correlation coefficients in the 0.97-0.
Further detail regarding the implementationof cross-validation can be found in the Data Analysis section ofthe paper.
Remains under and around the palace show Neolithic settlements, though the first palace was built after 2000 b.c. — later than Knossós and Phaistós — and it revealed no Kamáresware pottery from the Pre-Palatial period like that found at the other palaces.
The team dug up the head, which had partially thawed and decayed, then halted digging for fear of destroying their find.
The advantage to the information provider is that information "pushed" at customers is more likely to find them than information they must go out and "pull."
About 20 percent of the callers are victims of domestic violence who are given information about shelters where they can find help, she says.
To my delight, I soon found myself coauthor on a paper with Lee Smolin concerning the problem of time in general relativity.
[ 51 ] At four weeks her thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) concentration was found to be very high (44.
Conversely, duplicated gene identifiers that are found at different genome coordinates are either renamed or removed.
Thus, as with the comparison between evolutionary rates and the number of interactions, no substantial relationship between long-term evolutionary conservation of S. cerevisiae proteins and the number of interactions was found.
Stay tuned to "Pundit Central" to find out how Ifill handles the privileges and responsibilities of pundit fame.
Seventeen evictions were delayed, giving families additional time to find new housing, Romeo said.
[ 34 ] found AA to be more potent than DHA (saturated and monounsaturated being ineffective) at inhibiting activation of SREBP-1c promoter and LXRE enhancer constructs, induced by co-expression of LXRα or -β.
They demonstrated that Fe(VI) displays the essential features of organic oxidation to carbon dioxide and water decomposition to oxygen that were found with Martian soil during the Viking biology experiments.
Moreover, when HA-NFATp(331-722), which was not highly phosphorylated, was tested in the nuclei-association assay it was primarily found in the pellet with the nuclei, regardless of whether it was treated with calcineurin or not (data not shown).
And the consistency principle gives a complete explanation for each example, in the sense that, in each case, only one consistent solution is possible, and we can imagine that the rabbis kept trying until they found it.
3 LOH in the DCIS component could also be found in the invasive component isolated for analysis (Fig.
Additionally, they found that the dominant rationale for the use of restraints in this population was patients disrupting their own treatment, rather than prevention of falls.
The union's dissolution, while welcomed by the culturally confident Celts, may produce an upper lip-testing identity crisis among the English, who lately find themselves better known for soccer hooliganism and tainted beef than for bus stop queues and dead fish handshakes.
3100–2755 b.c. ) and early mastabas can be found all around the site.
 run cover packages predicting that consumers will log on to find holiday gifts.
Most PIPs are represented in more than one tissue, and many are found in high numbers in roots ( PIP2;2 and PIP2;4 seem to be expressed exclusively in roots) and in green siliques (seed pods).
They didn't work magic by finding books bookstores couldn't, but they did deliver on their promises, and Amazon certainly presents some interesting browsing methods and far better search facilities than most bookstores.
Beck, whom I find a consistent delight, seems to draw from less mainstream stuff--a hybrid of Prince and that terrific high-tech British duo Godley Creme (who had a pop incarnation as 10cc).
With regard to positive and negative predictive values, we found that PCT markedly exceeds the values calculated for other variables.
All this has led to Leo now finding his life "a living hell," the Enquirer says.
Basketware made from sisal and other plant species found in the area is typically used to carry a range of goods; woven mats can also be found.
[ 30 ] found survival rates increased in mice treated with ibuprofen.
The L.A Times staff writer Michael Hiltzik, who finds most coverage of the L.A Times fiasco "ludicrously uninformed," informs Chatterbox that the L.A.
Finally, 22% of the recovery room nursing staff found the integration of the monitoring and therapeutic equipment into a stretcher for transport very useful, 67% found it to be useful, and 11% found it to be somewhat useful.
The algorithm first looks for a good initial set of medoids, then finds a local minimum for the objective function, that is, a solution such that there is no single switch of an observation with a medoid that will decrease the objective.
Second, we found no evidence of political intervention.
Each room has something of note but look for the pediment of a lion tearing apart a bull, dating from the sixth century b.c. in room 1. Pediment depicting a triple-headed demon, and a kouros (male statue) named The Calf-bearer — a young man carrying a calf to ritual slaughter at the temple — are both displayed in room 2. Kritikos Boy and Blond-haired Boy — two sculptures carved in the “severe” style fashionable around 480 b.c. are displayed in room 6. Panels from the Ionic frieze that decorated the Parthenon are in room 8, and the original Caryatids can be found in room 9.
The finding that κ-κ' is not essential is similar to a finding by Costa et al ., 2000 for the Pl.LSU/2 intron in which a deletion of the entire ID(ii)a stem loop containing the κ element was still capable of splicing [ 12 ] . Additionally, this element is absent from the introns S.p.cox2 I1, P.a.cox1 I4, A.m.cox1 I3 and P.a.cox1 I1, along with Id(ii)1 [ 13 ] . The loss of the interaction might also be compensated for by the intron-encoded protein.
Thus there appears to be a "one way correlation"; whether the stimulus is agrin or laminin AChR aggregation is an excellent predictor of α-DG aggregation, but the converse is not found (see particularly [ 4 ] ). This lack of reciprocity will of course reduce the label correlation as measured in the present study.
I found no systematic cost of adaptation to the simple laboratory environment when I modified the glucose concentration or added bile salts, but rather found correlated improvements in fitness that were sometimes nearly equivalent to the direct adaptation.
Oh, you may not think I'm pretty, But don't judge on what you see, I'll eat myself if you can find A smarter hat than me.
We attempted to use the repeat finding system described here to enlarge this set, using as input the large collection of sequences from the Clemson University rice BAC end database [ 23].
We found statistically significant year-to-year differences among the means for 10 of 16 stations.
Notes left by Barton in the apartment where his second wife and two children were found dead shed light on the motives behind his killing spree: estrangement from his wife, recent massive day trading losses, and a strange allusion to a "fear" passed from his father, to him, and ultimately to his son.
The French attention to detail is found in all walks of life — from the way a scarf is tied to the planning of the summer flow­er displays found in small villages (national prizes for the prettiest village are hotly contested).
However, a combination of fold and significant difference was found to maximize the difference between control vs. control and control vs. experimental array comparisons.
The shock was so great she found herself downing too much white wine (this was at lunch) as an antiseptic, since Prudie did not know the gentleman nearly well enough to be familiar with his health history.
We have also found these criteria useful since they are technology neutral (can be used regardless of the technology used to produce the signature) and allow for a variety of implementation methods, depending of the degree of risk associated with a given application.
They may struggle to find the right word and, if they succeed, may mispronounce it.
glucose disposal rate at pharmacological insulin levels) was found to be determined by a co-dominantly inherited autosomal gene [ 3].
Find me a find, catch me a cat.
And I have noticed that it is no easier to find one word in Spanish that means schedule than it is to explain to a Spanish speaker the range of meaning in schedule in addition to that of timetable .
(through) if he weren't black," is the part we find offensive in particular.
With a fixed expect value (E-value) of 1.0e-1 we found 1,860,560 conserved sequence elements (CSEs) between the human and MGSCv3 genome assemblies and 1,737,297 CSEs between the human and Cel2.
This is in agreement with a number of human studies, which show that IOP is equal between the sexes [ 52 53 ] . However, some studies have found sex-specific differences (typically with higher IOP in females and the magnitude of the difference increasing after 40 years of age) [ 53 54 ] . Of possible relevance, we previously reported that female mice of strains DBA/2J and AKXD-28/Ty develop elevated IOP at an earlier age than males [ 14 19 ] .
While two-hybrid screens efficiently identify fusion proteins that are able to interact, the biological significance of the interaction for native proteins acting in vivo generally requires verification, because the technique is susceptible to a high rate of false positives [ 8 ] . To assess the possible contribution of false-positive protein-protein interactions to the combined interaction dataset, we analyzed the connectivity of each protein and found that a small fraction of proteins had a very high number of interactions (highlighted in red, Fig.
The daughter of the second wife of Henry VIII, Anne Boleyn, and therefore dubbed a bastard by the papists, the Protestant Elizabeth ascends the throne to find the air still thick with smoke from roasted heretics, a team of skulking Catholics plotting her assassination, and a council of advisers (lords, bishops, sundry old boys) who snigger openly at the prospect of taking orders from a woman.
Like other proteins modified by palmitoylation, the Src family kinase Fyn is found localized in RAFTs, a membrane microdomain fraction enriched in signaling molecules that can be isolated by sucrose gradient fractionation.
This finding suggests that efforts to reduce the number of people uninsured or underinsured would reduce hospitals' expenditures on uncompensated care.
rain relieves us, and may we find gloves for our labor.
The effect of the appropriations process and the highly distributed management structures found in several federal agencies tend to move some of the control of processes having to do with information management away from the CIO.
In addition, we found that the creation of a T cell epitope in BPN' Y217L resulted in a complex pattern of T cell response to the enzyme.
The researchers found that turning to someone for even modest help (like minding a child for an hour) had the cost of later demands for a return of the favor and that this cost was nearly intolerable.
Comparing this estimate of the arriving shift volume to the leaving shift volume, and assuming the shifting volume went from the basic price (which does not change in this exercise) to a "price" equal to the sum of the new workshare price and the user cost, I found that the implied elasticity of the growth of the shifting volume was generally in the neighborhood of -2.
This result indicates that at least some of the genes found only in D. melanogaster and D. erecta are likely to be real genes under functional constraint.
"She's a time-traveling Manhattan Yankee in Plautus's forum, using her distinctive street smarts to find her way, both as a character and as a performer" (Ben Brantley, the New York Times ). Goldberg's self-mocking approach is said to redeem the production from an otherwise overwrought book.
Quotations in the text will be found in The Australian National Dictionary, a dictionary of Australianisms on historical principles , ed. W.S. Ramson, Oxford University Press, Melbourne, 1988.
I've been looking forward to this book for a long time, and I find myself impressed, annoyed, and disappointed.
Using minimum link lengths found in observed populations to scale the dimensions of the capture zone the model was able to predict distributions that closely match those found in the experimental populations (Table 3).
The NYT leads with a Guatemalan commission's finding that the U.S. provided money and training that enabled the Guatemalan military to commit "acts of genocide" against Marxist-led Maya Indians during the country's 36-year civil war.
This finding is in contrast to serum starved rat fibroblasts and human U87 cells arrested in G1 by overexpression of PTEN, in which SKP2 overexpression can drive S phase entry.
Duck through a low passage between two shops across the street to find the Til Mahadev Narayan Temple.
So what is it that I find appealing about West?
Also, our reviews have found, for example, that a lack of adequate strategic and workforce planning during the initial rounds of downsizing by some agencies affected their ability to achieve organizational missions.
If philosophies of gardening were on a continuum, on one side you'd find Henry, the cynical optimist, and on the other Martha Stewart, the stern gardening Übermensch . He would have hated her, and she would be appalled by him.
However, studying the effects of PLE on anaesthetized coronary patients by a rapid-response pulmonary artery catheter for measurement of RVEF and volumes [ 12], Reich et al . found no improvement in cardiac performance [ 13].
Would you find it rewarding to help fellow Indianapolis residents, who despite tremendous challenges, are striving to turn their neighborhoods around 180 degrees?
This analysis shows that duplicate profiles of the same cRNA hybridization solution are the most highly related (Patient 3 a and duplicate (3a-d); 3b and duplicate (3b-d)), consistent with the high correlation found by the comparisons using Affymetrix Microarray Suite software described above.
Some of the best restaurants and tapas bars in Córdoba are to be found here.
One study found total inhibition of Bothrops asper haemorrhage with the ethanolic, ethyl acetate and aqueous extracts of plants containing catequines, flavones, anthocyanines and condensated tannins.
We found that administering endotoxin to rats resulted in an increased number of functionally active adherent vascular lung neutrophils.
β-Tubulin class II predominates in brain tissues and has been found in smaller amounts in other tissues [ 19 45 ] . Classes III and IVa are primarily found in neurons, whereas classes I and IVb are found in many tissues [ 10 19 ] . β-Tubulin class V is present in small amounts in many cell types [ 11 ] and class VI is found in blood cells and hematopoietic tissues [ 49 50 ] . Much of this quantitative work was done by comparing mRNA levels.
