As the Balkans flared to war once again, Greek nationalism has stirred, and there have been discussions in the kafeneion about the land of Macedonia returning to the fold of its forefathers.
Contoured metallic parts glided and folded out over me, emerging from the wall and pushing me back in with them.
The android folded his arms, utterly stumped.
Sandra shrank down the hallway, folding her shoulders over her torso.
It functioned like a Spinning Wheel, twisting fibers of time space and folding them on a molecular level to create what he called “Newmatter.
Mutation of W187A in ACR3 affected CD39 folding and translocation, while mutation of W459A in ACR5 increased ATPase activity but diminished ADPase activity [ 14 ] .
The intensity ratio of D1 over D2 increased about 75 fold to become 120.
5 fold compared to that obtained before room temperature incubation.
The type of folding (Figure 2.1) will affect a river similar to the various types of faulting, but changes will probably be less abrupt.
While fault displacements are obvious, movements of the land surface by folding can be slow.
The plate, by the way, was already loaded with folded pieces of smoked pink fish, paprika-dusted deviled eggs, toothpicks stabbed through green vegetables and slices of cheese, and balls of meat smothered in a tomato-based sauce.
Ray, he looked down at his hands, folded together in his lap, fingers interlaced.
We discussed ideas for folding and unfolding expressions.
When folded the given name would be shown in place of the subexpression itself.
AsTeR also implemented a fairly straight-forward naming algorithm for giving meaningful names to sub-expressions e.g. "lower constraint 1" and denominator 3" etc.
However, even without the intelligence to recognize two semantically equivalent instances of a subexpression, "variable substitution" or "folding" as Dave refers to it in his minutes is *really* useful for speech and I suspect it would be very useful for small visual displays.
“It’s from Mitch,” she said, folding up the phone.
the continuing misnomer of "above the fold".
Percolation means that it is possible to find two sequences with almost no sequence identity which fold into the same structure, and which are connected by a path of mutant sequences that also fold into the same structure.
Using flow cytometry to measure membrane permeability and DNA content of cells, BCR stimulation resulted in a 5-fold increase (6.
The LAT puts this story on its front (although below the fold) and it also is the top item in the WSJ 's world-wide news digest.
If genes with a mean intensity expression level of less than 1000 are removed from the analysis (top five rows, Table 2), and the array fold changes of the remaining 19 genes are plotted against the slot blot fold changes, a very strong correlation is evident (linear regression r 2= 0.8567) (Figure 2E).
After thorough drying (overnight at 60°C), the amount of labeled thiamine taken up by the cells was determined by scintillation counting [ 25 ] . For each concentration, the uptake in the presence of a 100-fold excess of unlabelled thiamine was performed to assess the contribution to uptake from a low affinity (K m in the mM range) component [ 3 ] and/or from diffusion [ 20 ] .
For example, a cephalosporin-doxorubicin prodrug was 9-fold less toxic than free doxrubicin against tumor cells in vitro, but caused tumor regression when tested in tumor xenograft models [ 40 ] . A cephalosporin-vinca alkaloid prodrug was 5-fold less toxic than the free drug against tumor cells in vitro, but was highly effective in tumor xenograft models in vivo [ 41 ] . When taxol was conjugated to a cephalosporin, the resulting prodrug was approximately 10-fold less toxic than free taxol against tumor cells in vitro [ 36 ] . Thus, prodrug 2 has the potential to be useful in cancer treatment using the ADEPT approach.
An earlier report demonstrated that disruption of HNT2 was tolerated by haploid yeast strains without an effect on growth and that ApppN and AppppN accumulate 30 and 3-fold, respectively on account of the hnt2 deletion [ 13 ] . Because those data were obtained by random spore analysis, we considered it important to test whether elevated dinucleoside polyphosphate levels co-segregate with hnt2 disruption in all tetrads examined and whether any other commonly used genetic markers affect dinucleoside polyphosphate levels.
4%, and antibiotics given within 24 hours after onset had the least variation, of 1.1-fold (95% CI 1.0-fold to 1.1-fold] and ranging from 87.
Moreover, an increased hybridization time was shown to increase the accuracy of fold changes by relieving the compression observed in expression ratios, and this effect may be more dramatic for larger fold changes.
Initial analysis of approximately 157,000 SAGE tags from PC12 cells cultured without or with NGF for 9 days revealed nearly 800 transcripts (of a total of at least 21,000) that are regulated by ± 6-fold or greater in response to NGF [ 11 ] . Of these, approximately 150 were assignable to named genes of known functions that regulate cellular behaviors ranging from actin and microtubule cytoskeleton assembly/disassembly, gene transcription, RNA processing, neurotransmission, and energetics.
This mutation produced an increase in the K i of 160 fold compared to wildtype receptors.
By comparison, 46 genes (over four times the 10 expected by chance) were common to the 223 genes upregulated in A549 cultures and the 256 genes upregulated in U118 cultures over tumors ( p < 0.01, fold change > 2).
The resulting data were expressed as "fold change" relative to the gene expression level in the control which was prepared from an FVB mouse.
In this fold, the carboxyl terminus of the β-structure (barrel or sheet) with the histidine typically occurs in close proximity to the amino-terminal region of the domain (Figure 2).
Generally, test sample IC 50 s varied within two-fold of the non-passaged control virus IC 50 , within each particular assay (data not shown); however, isolate 14-P4 was clearly different, with an IC 50 greater than 11-fold over the control virus IC 50 for both PCV and ACV.
A search for enriched gene classes was also made for 157 genes that were expressed more highly ( p < 0.05, fold change > 2) in both A549 and U118 cell cultures over tumors, and the significant classes found were the same, or of the same nature, as the classes listed in Table 2. For the entire set of enriched classes for genes upregulated in cell cultures over the xenograft tumors, including which genes belong to which classes, see Additional data files and [ 7 ] .
To control for this observation, we added an unlabeled, inactive Hh agonist to the binding assay at 2 μM (a 1000-fold molar excess).
The transfected receptors are expressed at four fold the level of the endogenous receptors.
In this experiment, a Wg plasmid activated the luciferase reporter only 12-fold above the vector control; wild-type DFz2 plasmid alone stimulated luciferase levels 7-fold, but neither deletion mutant of DFz2 had any effect, consistent with an earlier report that DFz2 with a truncated carboxyterminus fails to induce the expression of Xnr/Siamois [ 21 ] . However, DFz2ΔC stimulated signaling over 700-fold when delivered in concert with Wg, a synergistic effect nearly as strong as observed with wild type DFz2 (nearly 1700-fold in this experiment).
The WR strain was 3- to 6-fold less sensitive than IHD-J to several compounds including TAnthPS, CuHPIX, and TPP2FS, but was about 3-fold more sensitive to inhibition by TPP[2,6(OH)2].
9Bto be from 5-fold to more than 30-fold.
The mechanisms controlling calcium-induced inotropy are probably several fold, and include activation of protein kinase C [ 8 ] , of which several isoforms are calcium dependent.
Mean luciferase activity following needle and syringe injection was 50 fold lower than jet injection.
Searches were made for significantly enriched gene classes, as defined by Gene Ontology (GO) annotation or Medical Subject Heading Index (MeSH) term association (see Materials and methods), for both the set of 223 genes upregulated in the A549 cell cultures over A549 tumors and the set of 256 genes upregulated in the U118 cell cultures over the U118 tumors ( p < 0.01, fold change > 2).
Figure 1), but both wild-type and mutant LRP6, unlike the LRP homolog Arr, activated signaling about 10- to 15-fold alone, 2- to 4-fold when co-transfected with Wg, and 4- to10-fold when co-transfected with DFz2.
Pelletted, 1000-fold concentrates of HIV-1 IIIB (6.
When CMV-LAP (which encodes p35-C/EBPβ) is transfected with GAL4-SRF and the reporter construct, we see a 7-fold increase in CAT activity that is potentiated to 75-fold when activated Ras is cotransfected.
Finally, the SCOP classification of protein structures by fold (Figure 4a) and by family (Figure 4b) provides a convenient way to catalog the relative occurrences of structures in A. thaliana . With respect to folds, the membrane all-alpha fold, alpha-alpha superhelix and protein kinase-like (PK-like) fold ranked highest.
Of these, approximately 10% were regulated by more than 3-fold in response to NGF and approximately 4% by 6-fold or more.
Q: Isn't this change a sign that you're getting desperate, that Microsoft is losing interest, that you're about to fold, that the end is nigh, strange and dreadful diseases are about to ravage the population, the stock market is going to tank, Linda Tripp will get her own TV talk show, and so on?
A single base substitution in the left half-site when combined with the Fnr consensus sequence at the right half-site exhibited a 138-fold activation of dmsA-lacZ expression (Figure 1, λJA450), an induction equivalent to the wild-type dmsA promoter that has the symmetrical deviation in the right half-site (ca.
Application of the standard filter criteria (a difference call of I, MI, D or MD, fold change = 1.8; signal change = 50 in both files, after scaling to a mean signal, or target value, across the entire array of 100, an absolute call of P in at least one measurement, and directional consistency) yielded 1 gene scored as differentially expressed out of 4,608.
Of the remaining 61 probe sets identified in PBMCs (Figure 2C), 31 showed changes in expression levels in T cells with p < 0.05, although either the fold change was less than 2.0, or the magnitude of the change was less than 100 (Table 3).
This mutation produced smaller changes in K i for 5-HT and m CPBG (24 fold for both) and only a 10 fold change for d -tc.
When using the cephalosporins, nitrocefin, cefoxitin, and cephalothin, as substrates and the I164A mutant, there were 2- to 10-fold (only for cefoxitin) increases in K m and 2- to 4-fold increases in k cat observed (Table 3).
In practice, even those investigators who use noncompetitive technology platforms generally interpret and publish the fold changes between conditions or strains rather than absolute gene-expression levels.
The shifted bands were specifically competed by a 100-fold molar excess of the cold oligonucleotide and were supershifted with an antibody directed against C/EBPα.
The conclusion that highly expressed genes will rarely have a 2-fold change in mRNA levels and that lowly expressed genes will commonly have a greater than 2-fold change led to the development of a model that would accommodate for this real biological characteristic of gene expression measurements.
Following 30 min incubation at 37°C, the cell suspension was diluted ~10-fold with HBS, incubated for an additional 30 min, washed and resuspended in fresh HBS.
For instance, few genes did not correlate in their activation or suppression levels when comparing fold changes between microarrays and protein levels using western blot analysis.
In the presence of the EGFR, ligand activation of LPA and ET-1 receptors did not increase EGFR phosphorylation even though both the LPA and ET-1 receptors stimulated ERK activity by 10-fold over basal [ 27 ] . Specifically, key protein intermediates may be physically associated with endogenous RTKs in HEK-293 cells, and therefore, down-regulation of the EGFR may negatively affect ERK phosphorylation by opioids.
In this study, we report a novel mechanism of cell growth inhibition by the second generation of HPCs, named SAHA, which is 2000-fold more potent than HMBA and bears at least one hydroxamide in place of the amides in HMBA [ 17].
In general, multiple mutations caused greater derepression, up to 79-fold for the triple mutant, nrg1Δ mig1Δ mig2Δ (Figure 3A).
The apparent length of fluorescent objects was determined using NIH Image (National Institute of Health) to enlarge and identify large (> 10 fold) differences in pixel intensity to identity object edges using the "line-scan" function.
3-fold) and the human mammaglobin gene (3.
The data illustrates that Fnr is responsible for the 100-fold anaerobic activation of dmsA expression.
At best, paper's materiality creates an unjustified impression of trustworthiness; at worst, paper can be folded into an airplane that can poke someone's eye out.
When cephalosporins were used as substrates, the Y228A and Y228F mutants exhibited K m values that were 6- to 45-fold higher than those observed for wild-type L1 (Table 3).
For protein functions, folds with high occurrence in the genome also tend to have diverse functions; thus the P-loop-containing NTP hydrolase fold is found 130 times in yeast and has at least six distinct enzymatic functions [ 20].
Additionally, the 3DPSSM threading also suggested that the LAGLIDADG endonuclease domain [ 18] (E-value 0.2; approximately 80% certainty) shared a common fold with the KilA-N proteins.
Images were recorded on a time-lapse videocassette recorder at real time and played back at 9-fold slower speed.
Moreover, an increased hybridization time was shown to increase the accuracy of fold changes by relieving the compression observed in expression ratios, and this effect may be more dramatic for larger fold changes.
Among these 4,673 genes, only 326 (7%) showed more than a fourfold (|log 2 ratio | >2) and 1,731 (37%) had a 2-4-fold (1 < |log 2 ratio| <2) signal ratio in at least one of the 12 organs compared to the reference.
This apparently contradictory finding may be the result of physical changes in the enzyme itself or changes in the lipid environment [ 58 ] . Especially confounding is the finding that mRNA levels for subunit A increase two to four fold in response to the same levels of salt stress in tobacco suspension cells [ 59 ] . Experiments with tomato (
The HL60 vs HL60 self-hybridization showed that the relationship of Cy3 (y) and Cy5 (x) is y = 1.02x - 0.21 with R 2= 0.92; none of the 10,000 genes was detected at ≥ 4 fold change with confidence level ≥ 99% (Fig.
3 μg/mL) [ 16 ] . This C min was more than 13-fold higher than the IC 50 of APV against HIV of antiretroviral-naïve patients (mean, 0.146 ± 0.125 μg/mL) and over 2-fold higher than the IC 50 of APV against HIV of multi-PI-resistant patients (mean, 0.903 ± 0.846 μg/mL) (IC
In a plot similar to that shown in Figure 3, the correlation of the combined RT-PCR fold change data with the GeneChip ®log fold change data was 0.91 (data not shown).
On the basis of the number of PCR cycles required for equal amplification of the corresponding PCR products from the subtracted and unsubtracted cDNA samples, we estimated that the subtracted libraries were 32-64-fold enriched for differentially expressed genes.
Differentially expressed genes induced by the dietary treatments were selected using a limit fold change (LFC) model, in addition to a more conventional confidence interval test [ 27 ] . Genes that satisfied the 5% LFC model and which lay above the 99.
Wells of polystyrene plates were coated with protein A/G, followed by polyclonal rabbit anti-gp120 (diluted 500-fold) under conditions described above for virus capture assays.
The Cy5/Cy3 ratio for each array element was calculated using GENEPIX PRO 4.0, log 2 transformed, and normalized using the default computed normalization method used by the Stanford Microarray Database [ 23 ] . We applied a high stringency data selection, keeping only microarray elements for which at least 80% of the measurements within a set of experiments had fluorescence intensity in both channels at least 3-fold over background intensity.
In heart versus brain comparisons, oligonucleotide probes, like their cDNA probe counterparts, could reproducibly discern differences in mRNA populations as low as twofold (namely, 14-3-3 protein gamma) and as high as around 90-fold (namely, creatine kinase).
Control tubes contained 1000-fold excess of the corresponding unlabeled recombinant human chemokine (molecular mass as for radiolabelled chemokines) (PeproTech EC, London, UK; CXCL8 was kindly donated from Novartis Research Institute, Vienna, Austria).
We used unpaired Wilcoxon rank-sum tests for the lymphoblast cell lines to test whether there is a systematic fold change across lines.
Clearly MOID assigns much less false positive fold changes than MAS4 does in this comparison.
Between the A549 xenograft tumors and the A549 cell cultures, 357 genes (375 probe sets) differed significantly at p < 0.01 with a fold change greater than two either way (134 genes being higher in tumors and 223 genes being higher in culture), a number much greater than the 24 to be expected by chance, as determined by permutation testing.
The expansion averages approximately 3.4-fold when the comparison is made to the CCR consensus maps (Figure 5, Table 3).
Results clearly show once again that immunization with GP002 induces over 10-fold higher levels of antigen-specific IgG than the unmodified parent enzyme (Figure 8).
The poly(A) +northern blot measurements agree well with the replicate array hybridizations, in which PfALDO was consistently less than 1.5-fold differentially expressed (Figure 7b).
Lastly, when data from an analogous Affymetrix experiment were plotted in this format, the relative error also increased as a function of the fold change.
The reversal effects of 20, 10 and 5 μM NOM were 21-fold, 12-fold and 8-fold, respectively.
Mutagenesis of the Fnr recognition sequence at the dmsA promoter region confirmed the contribution of Fnr in the 100-fold activation of dmsABC expression and explored the DNA sequence and spacing requirements for the Fnr recognition site at the P1 promoter.
1-fold), but had lower expressions of the androgen receptor (2.
They are often built by churches as a way to lure people back into the fold, and by spas as a higher form of relaxation, sort of like water aerobics.
The six antibody mixes were added to either a 10-fold or a 100-fold excess (by total protein mass) of FCS.
The data from a microarray that uses noncompetitive hybridization can be 'divided' (after proper normalization) into another microarray of the same type to produce the fold change of each gene from one condition to another.
5 fold and 10 fold changes respectively).
E174 in ACR3 and S218 in ACR4 are required for catalytic function [ 12 ] . Substitution of H59 in ACR1 converted CD39 into an ADPase in a quaternary structure dependent manner [ 13 ] . Mutation of W187A in ACR3 affected CD39 folding and translocation, while mutation of W459A in ACR5 increased ATPase activity but diminished ADPase activity [ 14 ] . Mutations of D62 and G64 of ACR1 and D219 and G221 of ACR4 demonstrated that the nucleotide phosphate binding domains of NTPDases are similar to those present in the actin/heat shock protein/sugar kinase superfamily [ 15 ] . These results suggest that the conserved residues of the ACR1 to 5 regions are involved in the catalytic mechanism of CD39.
The estimated error of 5% using these two criteria is much less than that obtained using just above 2-fold (16%) or significance alone (20%) and prevents many genes regulated below 2-fold being excluded from consideration of regulation.
Some well studied examples of these peptidases include Zn-dependent peptidases of the Hedgehog carboxy-terminal domain fold and the DD-peptidases with a PAS domain-like fold [ 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17].
• In each bin, the (1-X)-percentile fold change corresponding to a fold change that is exceeded by X% of genes in the bin is determined.
In the 30 assays we performed, the global 2-SD limit corresponded to an expression ratio between ± 1.33-fold and ± 1.62-fold induction or repression, with a mean of ± 1.47 (corresponding to log 2 (ratio) values of ± 0.41, ± 0.70, and ± 0.56, respectively), with fewer than 5% of the data points falling outside the 2 SD limit.
In the present document, genes that are discussed are followed by parentheses indicating fold changes according to the following convention: FUNG versus control diet, FISH versus control diet, and FUNG+FISH versus control diet, e.g.
Actual inoculum viability and cell density were measured by dilution plating on BSM agar medium on the day that plants were inoculated [ 22 ] . Prior to inoculation, tumorigenic strains were diluted 10-fold with sterile distilled water to approximately 10 7CFU/ml.
2, when p35-C/EBPβ is co-transfected with the reporter construct, there is a 13-fold increase in CAT activity in the absence of activated Ras that is increased to 24-fold when CMV-Ras.V12 is co-transfected.
The long half-life of Tag would not normally implicate protein stability, however, the magnitude of changes that we discuss here, although biologically relevant, are within two fold and might be affected by small differences in protein stability.
The two flaps fold over the inhibitor to form a tunnel-shaped active site and are held in this close position by hydrogen bonding from Ile50 and Ile50' NH groups of the enzyme to a water molecule, which in turn is hydrogen bonded to the P2 and P1' CO groups of the inhibitor [ 24 ] . The bonding stabilizes the flaps in a closed position and inhibits the activities of the enzyme.
This shows that within the bounds of array sensitivity, average fold changes for genes found to differ significantly between triplicate control and experimental arrays represent a reasonable estimate of the relative changes in gene expression.
One possibility is that the MIDAS site serves to attach protein ligands through a mechanism involving participation of a glutamate or aspartate residue on the ligand in the coordination of a Mg 2+ion at the MIDAS site of midasin, in a manner similar to that by which the MIDAS site in integrin I-domains appears to mediate attachment of collagen through the glutamate in the GFOGER binding motif [ 36 ] . Interestingly, the related RGE ligand-binding motif [ 41 ] occurs in a conserved region of the midasin AAA-domain (yeast, residues 1835-1838), as well as in the AAA-domain of Mg chelatases [ 32 ] . The presence of this consensus binding motif in the AAA domain raises the possibility of the midasin molecule folding back onto itself, with the M-domain becoming attached to one face of the AAA domain and perhaps regulating access to its central chamber, in a manner analogous to that in which the 19S proteasome regulator, also an AAA protein, controls access to the central proteolytic chamber of the proteasome [ 42 ] .
For example, Herschlag and co-workers have previously shown that a nucleobase could complement an abasic site within the hammerhead ribozyme, restoring cleavage activity [ 1 ] . Similarly, Porta and Lizardi engineered a hammerhead ribozyme that assumed an inactive secondary structure; upon the addition of an oligonucleotide that disrupted the engineered secondary structure, the ribozyme was activated [ 2 ] . More recently, it has previously been shown that many selected nucleic acid binding species (aptamers) undergo conformational changes upon ligand binding [ 3 4 5 6 ] In addition, when aptamers are conjoined to ribozymes, the ligand-induced conformational changes in the aptamers frequently modulate the structures and hence the activities of the ribozymes [ 7 8 9 ] For example, binding of theophylline to the anti-theophylline aptamer [ 10 ] modulates the conformation of residue [ 11 12 ] and the overall stability of the aptamer [ 10 13 ] . Appending the anti-theophylline aptamer to the hammerhead ribozyme allowed cleavage activity to be modulated by 110-fold by theophylline [ 13 ] . Similarly, appending the anti-theophylline aptamer to a small ribozyme ligase (L1) generated an aptazyme that was activated 1,600-fold by saturating theophylline concentrations [ 14 ] .
In addition, TNFα was also able to induce p50 by about 5-fold whereas RSV increased the constitutive p50 level by only about 50%.
Measurements by PhosphorImaging showed that Tnfrh1 mRNA in whole placenta was 5-fold more abundant than in the non-pregnant uterus, and 10-fold more abundant than in the whole fetus.
2: When statistical significance (P < 0.05) was combined with a fold difference of greater than 1.5 as the criteria for detecting putatively regulated genes, not only was the estimated false positive error substantially reduced (to 5%), but also many more genes were identified compared with the established 2-fold criterion, in the naïve versus axotomy comparison (240 as opposed to 178 genes).
Since signal intensity is not exactly proportional to gene concentration across different probe sets, only the fold change values of each gene between comparisons are considered reliable and used to benchmark both algorithms.
7D) - Anlagen of the anal and caudal fins are clearly visible in the ventral fin fold.
The New York Times plays that story above the fold, but reserves its top right spot for the news that President Clinton yesterday renewed his call for means-tested Medicare premiums.
Serial 2-fold dilutions in PBS containing 1% BSA and 1% gelatin (PBS-BG) of preparations containing gp120 were added to the wells.
Visual examination of the topology and searches of the PDB database using the DALI program showed that this insert domain has the β-grasp fold [ 80 81 ] . For example, in the DALI search, the 
Women wearing short skirts and smart shoes who fold a modish scarf on their heads in the ancient veil-like manner are trying to have it both ways.
The results showed that 20, 10 and 5 μM NOM significantly increased the sensitivity of MCF7/ADR cells to ADR, the degrees of reversal being 21-fold, 12-fold and 8-fold, respectively (Fig.
ER function is critical if protein synthesis and folding is to successfully occur in eukaryotic cells [ 11 12 ] . ER stress, induced by cellular events as diverse as disrupted calcium homeostasis, elevated levels of reactive oxygen species and viral infection, leads to accumulation of dysfunctional ER chaperones and misfolded proteins [ 11 ] . Cells respond by one or both of two conserved stress response pathways.
The goal is to select the upper X% of genes with highest fold change across the entire range of expression levels.
For this purpose, we studied RP L9 which undergoes a 2.7-fold elevation in response to long-term NGF treatment.
However, a combination of fold and significant difference was found to maximize the difference between control vs. control and control vs. experimental array comparisons.
Likewise, the TNF-α cDNA copies are enhanced approximately 4 fold in the CD8 +T cells from aged and HIV +states.
Even today, traditional Muslim women wear a long straight dress with high neck and long sleeves, and a folded head cloth that wholly hides the forehead and hair, the ears, neck, and bust.
The reaction mixtures were diluted 40-fold with cold 20 mM sodium phosphate pH 6.5, 20 mM NaCl, 10% glycerol and immediately ultrafiltrated, repeating twice to ensure removal of free ligand from the complexes.
When compared to spherical conceptuses there was almost a 12-fold increase in mRNA expression for OSU-T1-50 in tubular conceptuses while expression in filamentous conceptuses increased over 100-fold.
We have identified 4-(N, N-dipropylamino)benzaldehyde (DPAB) (Figure 1B) and 4-(N, N-diethylamino) benzaldehyde (DEAB) as potent, selective inhibitors of ALDH1A1, but not ALDH2 or ALDH3, with the dipropyl analog exhibiting 10-fold greater efficacy for inhibition [ 19 20 ] . The effect of DPAB on ALDH1A2 has not been reported.
We endeavored to select those clones that showed 4-5-fold differential hybridization.
As measured on NIH 3T3 cells by flow cytometry, viral titer increased 14-fold after four hours of centrifugation, and appeared to plateau after 12 hours of centrifugation at 1.34 × 10 7cfu/ml (Supplementary Fig.
TYRP-1 expression was higher than that of TSP-1 but lower than that of OPN (10-fold to 50-fold).
Using this approach, we determined that PTEN mRNA was increased up to 5-fold in MDAH cells and 4-fold in 10T1/2 cells.
If one assumes most probes have a rather stable intrinsic response factor, r, a fold change number can be calculated from each probe i in the set independently, which hopefully removes the affect of the unknown response factors r 
The story is featured in the WSJ 's "world-wide" news box, and it's above the fold of the LAT front.
To determine fold increases/decreases, northern blots were exposed onto a phosphor screen and results were analyzed using a phosphorimager (ImageQuaNT, Molecular Dynamics).
After obtaining expression indexes using AD or MBEI, fold changes can be calculated between two arrays for every gene and used to identify differentially expressed genes.
Nevertheless, as compared to CV and time 0 protein extracts, trophoblast differentiation in early and late tissue cultures was associated with a more than three fold increase of the ~64 kDa ERβ hormone binding variant (Fig.
578 of 10,000 genes were detected at 2-4 fold up-regulated and 460 genes at 2-4 fold down-regulated with ADGE microarray (Fig.
6- and 2-fold).
In addition to the domains from SCOP, we have included domains parsed using the protein domain parser (PDP) [ 15 ] , full-length Protein Data Bank (PDB) chains and chains not classified by SCOP, but associated with SCOP using combinatorial extension (CE), a structural-similarity search algorithm [ 16 ] . The result is a comprehensive fold library (FOLDLIB) from which comparative and fold recognition models of three-dimensional structure are derived.
This demonstrates that biological changes in sample concentration of mRNA, even at low fold change levels, can be confidently determined.
When assayed for phosphatase activity in vitro, the trypsin-digested PfPP5 indeed behaved like ΔTPR-PfPP5 in that it was about 3-fold more active than the full-length enzyme and was not activated by arachidonic acid any further (Fig.
Supporting the co-culture data discussed above, SL-1 exhibited almost a 3-fold induction with isoproterenol treated Rfz-2/β 2 AR expressing C57mg cells but not wt C57mg cells treated with isoproterenol (Figure 1, panel B).
Diluting the cDNA template 100-fold prior to amplification with β-actin primers checked the quality of the cDNA.
MPS-1 expression is notable in proliferating cells and has been identified as a nuclear protein that binds to DNA [ 17 ] . Further analysis indicates cells stimulated with transforming growth factor β1 (TGF-β1) exhibit a 8-fold increase in MPS-1 gene expression [ 18 ] . TGF-β1 and its receptors are localized in the trophectoderm of porcine conceptuses between days 10-14 of gestation [ 19 ] . MPS-1 may have roles in transcriptional-mediation of the embryonic response to TGF-β1 having effects on continued intra-uterine elongation.
TAF II 135 also contains two conserved regions, CR-I and CR-II, which are shared with the Drosophila homologue dTAF II 110 and mammalian TAF II 105 [ 27, 30] The CR-II region is also shared with the yeast homologue yTAF II 48 [ 31, 32] and contains a histone fold domain required for heterodimerisation with hTAF II 20/yTAF II 68 [ 33, 34].
Valproic acid (VA) is a well-known teratogen in both animals and humans, with a 5-fold occurrence of spina bifida (SB) in pregnant women exposed to the drug [ 1 ] . The mechanism by which VA produces SB is unknown but inhibition of folic acid metabolism is one hypothesis [ 2 3 ] . Some investigators have brought the folic acid hypothesis into question by demonstrating that folic acid supplementation has no effect on VA exposed embryos in-vitro [ 4 5 ] . These studies suggest that another mechanism may be responsible for the production of SB by VA.
Following 30 min incubation at 37°C, the cell suspension was diluted ∼ 10-fold with HBS, incubated for an additional 30 min, washed and resuspended in fresh HBS.
Thus, we can focus on whether, and to what extent, compensatory mutations that precisely restore the previously existing folding structure contribute to an excess of antagonistic interactions.
In contrast, native PP1 isolated from rabbit muscle or expressed in Sf9 insect cells contained only Ser/Thr phosphatase activity but no Tyr phosphatase activity [ 24 ] . It was concluded that this apparent difference might be due to subtle changes in protein folding in eukaryotic versus prokaryotic cellular environments.
The values highlighted in bold in Table 3represent the K i values for inhibition of [ 3H]granisetron binding on mutant receptors that increased over 10 fold compared to the K i obtained for wildtype receptors.
We present evidence demonstrating that hybridization time can in fact increase the accuracy of expression ratios (fold changes), relieving the observed compression in ratios, and that this effect may be more dramatic for larger fold changes (Figure 4).
When penicillins were used as substrates, the Tyr228 mutants exhibited 3- to 13-fold increased K m values and < 2-fold changes in k cat , as compared to the values ascertained using wild-type L1 (Table 4).
578 of 10,000 genes were detected at 2-4 fold up-regulated and 460 genes at 2-4 fold down-regulated with ADGE microarray (Fig.
Surprisingly, egr-1 expression was increased only 1.3-fold in this Human Cancer 1.2 K array (data not shown).
A 2-fold to 3-fold increase of β-catenin level in the mammary glands of transgenic mice also results in aberrant differentiation and tumors [ 34 35 ] . Thus while it is possible that a greater than 2-fold increase in β-catenin level would have a neoplastic effect on adult neurons, evidence from other transgenic models suggests the increased protein level in our mice could be sufficient for tumor promotion.
The Washington Post gives its whole above-the-fold space to D.C.'s snowstorm, pushing the surplus down below the fold.
The urinary excretion of all CTX forms was significantly higher ( P < 0.001) in the postmenopausal group when compared with the premenopausal women, with approximately 2.5-fold higher levels (Table 1).
3shows that fs-α 1S recovered a significant fraction of the voltage-activated Ca 2+transient compared to that express by full-length wt-α 1S . The magnitude of the fluorescence signal expressed by fs-α 1S was approximately 5-fold larger than the largest Ca 2+transient detected in non-transfected myotubes expressing Idys, >20-fold larger than the average Ca 2+transient detectable in non-transfected cells, and about 1/3 of the maximum SR Ca 2+release expressed by the control wt-α 1S construct.
The amplitudes of the rhythms in heart, spleen and kidney, as determined by phosphor imaging, reflect 2 to 5 fold changes between minimum and maximum.
2A), whereas the expression of α 2 integrin subunit was increased by ~5 fold at 12 hours, by ~2 fold at 24 hrs, and was barely detectable at 36 hrs (Fig.
2 , it is necessary to over-express the enzyme several fold as previously reported [ 16 ] . Cytosolic PLA 2 has been shown to mediate Ca 2+-induced AA release in MDCK cells treated with ATP and IONO in experiments using the group IV cPLA 2 α-specific inhibitor pyrrolidine-1 [ 27 ] . To measure cPLA 2 mediated AA release, EGFP-cPLA 2 -transfected MDCK cells labeled with [ 3H]-AA were incubated with 0.3, 1 or 10 μM U0126 for 15 min prior to stimulation with 100 μM ATP, 1 μM IONO, or 10 μM IONO.
Of the 61 skeletons on display, dating from 1490 to 1540 (more than 200 were disinterred), those in pre-conquest graves lie in a fetal position, while post-con-quest skeletons lie in a Christian pose: outstretched with arms folded.
0-fold).
They found that a differential expression ratio cut-off of greater than or equal to 2-fold produced excellent correlation between samples amplified with different amounts of input poly(A) +RNA but that a 3-fold differential expression ratio threshold should be set for comparing ratios between amplified and unamplified mRNA.
2- and 2.6-fold, respectively) in SAHA treated TM2H cells compared with control (Fig.
0* fold with FUNG+FISH, but not with the individual LC-PUFA.
Relative RNA levels and the fold induction of transcripts in the presence of DOX were estimated as follows.
Additionally, fold predictions using 3DPSSM (E-value=.
The values of fold activation varied from as low as 60-fold to as high as 725-fold over basal levels, and we are unsure of the reason for this variability.
9 fold increased risk for the factor V Leiden mutation and a 2.7 fold increased risk for the deletion/deletion polymorphism of the angiotensin converting enzyme gene) would have been required to detect a significant difference between the prevalence of these mutations in our case and control groups.
5-fold), VEGF (2.
You could not imagine better comic material than her ideas of "living": the "midnight omelet dinner for 1,000"; the fruit baskets the size of a Chevy; the advice (in this month's magazine) to make your own envelopes out of wood veneer, folding them with a bone knife.
After her marriage folded, Joyce started merchandising ghoulish, oddball dating stories, some of them prompted by this personal ad she placed in Boston magazine: "The truth is I'm gorgeous, slender, talented, and passionate.
56 ± 0.14 fold) (Table 1) as compared to the wildtype receptor.
RNA secondary structure folding is a well-studied model system.
The WP presents an interesting angle to the laundering story below the fold.
A red square appears, signifying, apparently, that people logged on to the Brain Opera Web page who are participating in the piece on "virtual instruments" are now being sampled and folded into the work.
An additional parameter, highest fold change (HFC), was then applied to these remaining genes.
The average correlation coefficient between amplified and unamplified samples is 0.82 with less than 4% of genes showing changes in expression level by 2-fold or greater using the optimized (Jeffrey lab) protocol.
In the course of studies involving intravenous adenoviral gene transfer, we observed a 10 fold difference in plasma levels of the encoded proteins between two of the rat strains employed: the Wag /Rij and the Brown Norway.
Triplicate slot blots were produced for all 24 genes present in Table 2. The concordance rate between the microarray and slot blot fold changes for the 24 genes was 83% overall but concordance depended on gene expression level (Table 2).
The values of fold activation varied from as low as 60-fold to as high as 725-fold over basal levels, and we are unsure of the reason for this variability.
When visualizing all genes on a bivariate plot according to absolute expression and fold change, one obtains a data distribution similar to that of Figure 1a.
The established 2-fold criterion is much too conservative; when using replicate arrays with pooled samples from multiple animals to reduce biological variation, it loses over 50% of putatively regulated genes and fails to eliminate false positives.
The reaction was performed neat using 4-10 fold excess piperazine and typically heated for a short period only, (30-45 min).
Prior to use for Western blotting, brush border membrane vesicle suspensions were tested for enrichment of brush border enzymes and showed a 4 - 5-fold increase of alkaline phosphatase and a 10 - 11-fold increase in alpha-glucosidase activity using standard methods [ 19 ] . On densitometric evaluations of Western blots, IBAT concentrations were twice as high in heterozygotes as in controls (17 ± 3 vs. 5 ± 1 density units; p < 0.05) and four times as high in homozygotes (30 ± 4 vs. 5 ± 1 density units; p < 0.05) (Fig.
Simple statistical summaries, such as fold change, t -statistics and Welch statistics, have been applied.
In practice, we find it useful to sort genes by the lower confidence bound ('Lower CB' in Table 1), which is a conservative estimate of the fold change.
In contrast, the across-array CV for F swas only 1.3- to 1.6-fold higher than the corresponding within-array CV (Table 2).
1 units/mg, and an estimated 184-fold purification with 19% yield.
Genes exhibiting a more than 2.8-fold ratio difference are listed in the Additional data files.
5 fold: 6.2% [N vs.
The ability of coat protein to fold correctly is sometimes sensitive to amino acid substitution.
In this experiment, a Wg plasmid activated the luciferase reporter only 12-fold above the vector control; wild-type DFz2 plasmid alone stimulated luciferase levels 7-fold, but neither deletion mutant of DFz2 had any effect, consistent with an earlier report that DFz2 with a truncated carboxyterminus fails to induce the expression of Xnr/Siamois [ 21 ] . However, DFz2ΔC stimulated signaling over 700-fold when delivered in concert with Wg, a synergistic effect nearly as strong as observed with wild type DFz2 (nearly 1700-fold in this experiment).
When NGF-untreated PC12 cells are compared with non-transfected neuroblastoma cells, of the 55 RP transcripts detected in common for both systems, about half (a total of 28) have relative abundances within a factor of 2. Twenty transcripts are more than 3-fold higher in relative abundance in PC12 cells.
Second, the mean increase in the volume of lung tissue was 10-fold greater than the expected increase in pulmonary blood volume resulting from injection of 80 ml contrast material.
However, when compared to hCG, LH has a 10-fold higher LHR binding affinity [ 20 ] . Consequently, high LH levels after menopause may cause pathologic relaxation of the pelvic floor resulting in pelvic floor disorders.
The levels of α DCTX, representing the oldest form of CTX, were increased 2.4-fold and 1.7-fold in HC+ patients and in NC+ patients compared with NC- patients (Fig.
2) which was displaced in the presence of 1000-fold excess non-radiolabelled chemokine.
As part of a nationwide overhaul of Legal Services Corp. to get more poor people legal help, nine legal aid groups in Texas are being folded into three, creating mega-programs involving dozens of counties across thousands of miles.
To assess the biases of amplification quantitatively, we calculated the number and percentage of genes with expression level change by 4- or 2-fold after amplification.
A 2-fold to 3-fold increase of β-catenin level in the mammary glands of transgenic mice also results in aberrant differentiation and tumors [ 34 35 ] . Thus while it is possible that a greater than 2-fold increase in β-catenin level would have a neoplastic effect on adult neurons, evidence from other transgenic models suggests the increased protein level in our mice could be sufficient for tumor promotion.
In contrast, anisomycin (500 ng/ml) induced significant phosphorylation of the p46 JNK isoform (5-7 fold above basal).
When CMV-LAP (which encodes p35-C/EBPβ) is transfected with GAL4-SRF and the reporter construct, we see a 7-fold increase in CAT activity that is potentiated to 75-fold when activated Ras is cotransfected.
The community-wide experiment on methods to test protein structure prediction (CASP) was first initiated in 1994, as a means of evaluating structure prediction methods in a blind and rigourous manner [ 1 ] . This was motivated in part by claims in the literature of the protein folding problem being "solved" without producing tangible benefits, since most of the "solutions" included a strong dependence on the test set.
5. The large fold changes result from very small denominators used in the fold change calculations for these probe sets.
A more detailed analysis of the competition binding data obtained for the Y140A, Y142A and Y152A mutations is shown in Figure 4. For 5-HT, the Y142A mutation produced a 110 fold increase in K i and Y152A produced a 24 fold increase.
In contrast, DP cells showed a 3-fold increase in proliferation in the fetal thymus relative to adult (p < 0.01).
When growth was allowed to continue undisturbed beyond the fiber stage the final populations contained 5 to 10 fold fewer multicellular structures than the number of fibers that could be visualized initially.
In contrast, the p51 subunit assumes a compact folded conformation that causes the active site residues in this subunit to be buried and therefore, nonfunctional [ 11 12 13 ] . It has been proposed that the open conformation of p66 is supported by interactions with a closed and compact p51 molecule [ 12 14 15 ] . The two subunits interact mainly via their connection subdomains.
3 μg/mL) [ 16 ] . This C min was more than 13-fold higher than the IC 50 of APV against HIV of antiretroviral-naïve patients (mean, 0.146 ± 0.125 μg/mL) and over 2-fold higher than the IC 50 of APV against HIV of multi-PI-resistant patients (mean, 0.903 ± 0.846 μg/mL) (IC
5-fold) and RA synovial tissue fibroblasts (6-fold).
For example, TN3 stage thymocytes in the Rag -/-adult thymus have proliferation levels 3-fold below wild type thymus [ 13 37 ] , while in the Rag -/-fetal thymus TN3 cells are only 25-30% lower than in wild type fetal thymus.
In 1963, the 30-year-old poet Sylvia Plath killed herself, placing her head on a folded cloth inside an oven and turning on the gas.
While the other papers all put the story out front and above the fold, the WP oddly buries it on page A22.
The reversal effects of 20, 10 and 5 μM NOM were 21-fold, 12-fold and 8-fold, respectively.
M. smegmatis is a fast-growing, nonpathogenic species of Mycobacterium in which M. tuberculosis genes can be efficiently expressed [ 16 17 18 ] . An in depth analysis of one recombinant clone revealed that M. smegmatis recipients carrying the M. tuberculosis eis gene on an extrachromosomal multicopy plasmid displayed 2.4- to 5.3-fold greater survival in U937 macrophages than wild-type M. smegmatis bacteria at 24 to 48 hours post-infection [ 15 ] . The 42-kDa eis gene product has been shown to be associated with the mycobacterial cell surface and is released into extracellular medium, but its precise function is not yet known [ 19 ] .
1A, RA treatment decreased expression of both cyclin H and cdk7 in SCC4 and SCC25 cells by 3 fold.
However, the y -axis represents the corresponding anti-log values, that is, original fold expression values.
Nuclear E2F-1 protein was completely abolished in TM10 cells after 24 h of SAHA treatment, and decreased 2.2-fold in TM2H cells (Fig.
This is a moderately small change for an alanine mutation, particularly considering that the smallest change in K i for removal of a functional group on lerisetron (the N-benzyl group) was 31 fold.
Assays for the appropriate reporter in each cell pool showed induction ratios of 17-fold for the luciferase transfected cells and 22-fold for the SEAP transfected cells.
In heterozygous infants with the WT/ΔF508 genotype, sweat chloride excretion is elevated 1.5-fold over normal values compared to a tenfold increase in homozygous patients with the ΔF508/ΔF508 genotype [ 32 ] . Adult heterozygous patients have fewer problems with respiratory infections compared to homozygotes [ 5 ] . Our findings that bile acid absorption was moderately increased in heterozygotes and markedly increased in homozygotes were therefore not unexpected.
Neuroblastoma mitochondria possessed the largest uptake capacity, having a V max 4 to 30 fold higher than that of the other cell types examined.
However, many more genes achieve statistical significance at these small fold changes in the N vs.
But on their heads, they wear a modern silk scarf, a Gucci look-alike or a Hermès knockoff folded close around the face to hide a third of it, along with the ears, the whole neck, and every scrap of hair.
Only HSV-2 6757 maintained a high error rate (60-fold) over that of HSV-1 SC16, when placed within an HSV-1 genome.
8- or 2.0- fold of control, respectively.
On the other hand, the S224D mutant exhibited 3- to 50-fold higher K m values and 2- to 20-fold lower k cat values for the cephalosporins tested.
RNA folding and scoring of conserved stem-loops
Previous studies showed this choice of pulse protocol and internal and external solutions resulted in nifedipine-sensitive charge movements of a magnitude ∼ 5 fold larger than those detected in dysgenic myotubes lacking α 1S [ 29].
This reporter plasmid contains three optimal TCF binding sites [ 28 ] . TOPFLASH luciferase activity was activated 41-fold by S37F mutant β-catenin and 3.8 fold by wild-type β-catenin in DAOY cells (Fig.
The four data sets were then compared, with only those gene expression changes that showed >2-fold change in all four comparisons (four comparison survival method).
For example, the vitamin E requirement for mice when all-rac-α-tocopherol acetate is used as the dietary source is 32 mg/kg for diets in which lipids comprise less than 10 percent of the diet [ 1 ] . Thus, the 900 mg/kg diet used in this study is 28 fold higher than this estimated requirement.
The fold change data from the GeneChips ®and RT-PCR analyses (Table 3) were converted to log scale for analysis and comparison.
Phosphorothioate analogs 6b and 12b that preserve the α-β bridging oxygen but substitute carbon for the β phosphorus, achieving 65 to 75-fold binding advantages over AppppA, are expected to be critical for cell biological characterization.
1) whose side chain projects away from the TPR groove, resulted in a 10-fold elevation of basal activity, and this Glu is conserved in both Pf and Trypanosoma PP5 (Fig.
We are using a fold change of greater than 1.2 with a 
Gene expression of SAHH was similar between spherical, ovoid and tubular conceptuses, but there was nearly a 7-fold increase in gene expression in filamentous conceptuses.
On average, every third person is reading a newspaper: There are the contortionists who fold the ever-expanding Times into readable wedges, the tabloid readers (whose papers are enviably scaled for reading in motion), and a scattering of people clutching Spanish or Asian papers.
Treatment of luciferase clone 5B3 with 15 μM GS-E for 48 hours consistently induced luciferase levels from near background with only DMSO added, to nearly 150-fold (Table 1) when adjusted for non specific R-Luc induction which was approximately 1.2 fold.
8 ± 2.4; fold induction approximately 8.5.
In spite of this greatly reduced GTPase in vitro, FtsZ84 can function for cell division at 30°C, and also at 42°C when over-expressed 2-3 fold [ 20, 21], or when ZipA is overexpressed 2-fold [ 22].
The W89F mutation produces a 18-fold change in K d for [ 3H]-granisetron binding (18 ± 2 nM) and the W89Y mutation produces a 5.8-fold change in K d (5.
Tumor 5A had higher expressions than did tumor 9 of the progesterone receptor ( PR ; 2.7-fold), human mammaglobin (36.
This 10 μM dilution was then diluted into kidney total RNA in a 2-fold series to a lowest concentration of 19.
Between 1993 and 1998 alone, Dell's stock rose 100-fold, AOL's rose 35-fold, and Microsoft was up 12 times.
The inverse also holds true, where highly expressed genes, having less error in their measured levels, may not meet an arbitrary fold-change cut-off of 2.0 even when they are truly differentially expressed [ 12 ] . Therefore, selecting differentially regulated genes based only on a single fold change across the entire range of experimental data preferentially selects lowly expressed genes [ 8 ] . This commonly used approach does not accommodate for background noise, variability, non-specific binding, or low copy numbers- characteristics typical of microarray data which may not be homogeneously distributed.
Previous studies have demonstrated that acute endotoxemia activates peripheral blood neutrophils to release prostaglandins [ 17 ] . These lipid mediators are produced during inflammatory reactions largely via the enzyme COX-2 [ 18 ] . We found that COX-2 mRNA was markedly upregulated (40-400 fold) in adherent vascular lung neutrophils following endotoxin treatment of the animals (Fig.
The mfold computer program version 3.0 http://bioinfo.math.rpi.edu/~mfold/rna/form1.cgiwas used to predict the RNA secondary structure and to calculate the folding free energy [ 26 27 ] . We have computed the minimum-free-energy structures from all the donor- and acceptor sites of the 60 exons of NF1 within a window of 100 bp.
They demonstrate that some genes with comparable mRNA levels exhibited a 20-fold difference in their protein expression while mRNA levels of comparable protein expression varied as much as 30-fold.
Figure 1), but both wild-type and mutant LRP6, unlike the LRP homolog Arr, activated signaling about 10- to 15-fold alone, 2- to 4-fold when co-transfected with Wg, and 4- to10-fold when co-transfected with DFz2.
Thus, although the identification of MJ1477 as a secreted polygalactosaminidase or a related polysaccharide hydrolase with a different specificity awaits experimental verification, it shows all the signs of a correct computational prediction: statistically significant similarity between the analyzed protein and an experimentally characterized enzyme; conservation of distinct motifs implicated in catalysis; potential presence of a structural fold compatible with the experimentally demonstrated enzymatic activity; and confident prediction of the extracellular localization that is, again, compatible with a polysaccharide hydrolase activity involved in environmental carbohydrate utilization or capsular metabolism.
Over the next 1 to 2 weeks, a subpopulation (approximately 30%) of large cells (which were 3- to 6-fold bigger than monocytes) developed.
6 fold, Figure 3), E148A (5.
It has been suggested that perhaps cytoplasmic proteins are not exported in prl suppressor strains because they fold rapidly and escape recognition by SecB, while secretory proteins, even those lacking a signal sequence, fold more slowly, allowing time for SecB recognition and binding [ 5 13 ] . SecB binds to a variety of unfolded proteins in vitro [ 24 25 ] , although binding appears to be more selective in vivo [ 26 ] . This selectivity may be based on the slower folding characteristics of secretory proteins.
More specifically, it was enriched 3.2-fold with underexpressed genes and 2.0-fold with overexpressed genes.
Neither the predicted secondary structure, nor the pattern of the conserved residues revealed an obvious relationship with any previously recognized fold.
In the multiple clone comparisons, the fold change values trended away from the significant fold changes seen on the GeneChips ®and RT-PCR of the original matched pair comparisons toward 1.0 (no change).
We used unpaired t tests for the second set of fibroblast clones from each of two cell strains to determine whether multiple clones from individuals undergo a systematic fold change.
However, when the frontal cortex and cerebellum were examined, where an abundance of ER-β receptors are present, Phyto-600 males displayed a 47-fold and 9-fold higher phytoestrogens levels, respectively, compared to Phyto-free male values.
In spite of this increase in the percentage of proliferating cells, the actual number of BrdU +DP cells was reduced 4-fold compared to wild type in the compound mutants (15.
As long as Harper's Bazaar and Elle remain outside the fold, Condé Nast will be limited in its ability to do whatever bad things monopolists generally do.
In initial experiments, we found that Wnt-3A protein elevates the levels of β-catenin 5-10 fold (Figure 4); and that a transiently transfected TCF reporter construct is activated 3-4 fold (not shown).
In support of this notion, since the Phyto-600 fed males displayed a 47-fold greater phytoestrogen levels in the frontal cortex (vs.
Binding of [ 3H]granisetron is altered only slightly by the alanine mutations introduced in this study (<10 fold).
6* fold with FISH alone.
The Washington Post , which runs the story at the fold, calls it "the single worst terrorist incident in the 30-year history of sectarian warfare" in the province.
8 ± 0.2-fold, n = 14) whereas there was no significant change in transcripts encoding RP S29, which does not undergo long-term NGF regulation.
A subset of differentially expressed genes were selected to confirm the LFC model, where genes were selected across the range of absolute expressions and with varying fold changes.
Researchers are moving away from simple fold change cut-offs and incorporating the use of robust statistical concepts.
We have developed an automated integrative genome annotation pipeline (iGAP) initially to annotate the proteins of A. thaliana and later all proteomes based on a comprehensive fold library (Figure 1).
4 fold increase in autofluorescence.
Analyses of small genomes show that about 30-40% of the proteins within the genome can be modelled by comparative modelling and fold recognition methods [ 27 50 52 ] . An additional 20-30% of the sequences are (or contain) small domains with simple secondary structures that are viable candidates for ab initio structure prediction [ 53 ] . The remaining proteins are usually not amenable to structure prediction and sometimes even structure determination (a significant fraction of the latter are membrane proteins).
Such analysis requires replicate measures to minimize variability, calculation of fold and significant differences to detect regulated genes with minimal false positive and negative confounders and validation of individual genes.
We have previously reported a very simple, yet potentially more stringent method for data analysis of small numbers of expression profiles, using duplicate profiles for control and experimental samples, and then identifying those genes that show consistent changes >2-fold in the four possible pair-wise data comparisons (four comparison survival method) [ 23 ] . A similar pair-wise comparison method, using a less stringent average fold-change analysis, was recently reported for muscle from aging and calorie-restricted mouse muscle [ 13 ] .
A DALI search [ 20] of the PDB database with this β-barrel revealed no specific structural relationships with other folds such as the OB fold or the SH3-like barrel beyond the presence of curved β-sheets, suggesting that it represents a domain with a distinct fold (Figure 2).
The R91A mutant produced an increase in K i of 7.6 ± 1.5 fold as compared to the wildtype receptor.
eNOS expression in the lung, as studied using quantitative reverse-transcription PCR, was increased 1.5-fold following hypoxia as compared with normoxic conditions, whereas iNOS expression was increased 3.5-fold (Fig.
The predicted secondary structure for this domain indicated an α+β fold, with 6 conserved β-strands and 6 conserved α-helices.
Note that with the binding method used, the amount of 125I-PEDF retained in CM without cells is the same to the amount of non-specific 125I-PEDF binding (reactions with cells and in the presence of 50-fold molar excess of unlabeled PEDF) [ 18 ] , indicating retention by PEI-treated glass-fiber filters of PEDF-receptor or GAG-PEDF-receptor complexes rather than PEDF-GAG.
The magnification of a power function was found up to a 6-fold input ratio or 30-fold detected ratio.
9 fold increased risk for the factor V Leiden mutation and a 2.7 fold increased risk for the deletion/deletion polymorphism of the angiotensin converting enzyme gene) would have been required to detect a significant difference between the prevalence of these mutations in our case and control groups.
The growth characteristics of the tumours are listed in Table 1. The L44 adenocarcinoma grows roughly 2.5-fold faster than the squamous cell carcinoma L42.
For reasons that remain unclear, mannose inhibits seed germination and early seedling development at concentrations that are 100-200 fold lower than the concentrations of glucose required to exert similar effects [ 19 46 47 48 50 ] . As shown in Figure 2, growth on low (1.
Phyllanthus urinaria plant was used by Caribs with other plants in a bath against bad luck (called 'piai') [ 66 ] . Pharmacological activities of various compounds in some species of Phyllanthus include analgesic, antiinflammatory, antilipoxigenase, antiallergic, nitrosamina blocker, aldose reductase inhibitor, antiviral, mitochondrial ATPase inhibitor, phosphodiesterase inhibitor and cyclooxigenase inhibitor [ 111 ] . Other activities are hepatoprotective, phosphorilase and tirosine kinase inhibitor, phospholipase A 2 inhibitor and increased the survival of hepatocellular carcinoma harbouring animals [ 54 111 113 112 ] . The compound with hepatoprotective activity is triacontanol [ 114 ] . Several compounds found in Phyllanthus species, like flavonoids (quercetin, rutin), tannins (geraniin, furosin), benzenoids (ethyl gallate, methyl gallate) and phytosterols showed antinociceptive effects in mice or multiple mechanisms of action [ 111 115 ] . The flavonoids also have anti-inflammatory properties [ 38 11 ] . The hydroalcoholic extracts of four Phyllanthus species were 2 - 6 fold more active in causing antinociception than aspirin depending on the route of administration and the pain model used [ 115 ] . Phyllanthus amarus has antioxidant properties, reverses chromosomal alterations induced by genotoxic agents and has anticancer activity [ 112 ] . Active compounds may be flavonoids (quercetin, astragalin), ellagitannins (amarinic acid), hydrolysable tannins (phyllanthisiin D) [ 112 ] . The multiple plant compounds found in Phyllanthus species might help clear up any physiological condition that results in dogs having difficulty following game animals.
Others have proposed that fatty acyl coenzyme A esters are potential physiologic regulators of PP5, since these compounds stimulate pNPP hydrolysis by PP5 in vitro at physiologically relevant concentrations and are approximately 10-fold more potent than their free fatty acid counterparts [ 21 ] . Although we confirmed this observation using PP5 and pNPP (data not shown), in our hands similar levels of AA and arachidoyl coenzyme A were required for half-maximal stimulation of 32P-MBP dephosphorylation in the case of both Ppt1p and PP5.
We therefore investigated the effect of protein background on quantitation, by adding varying concentrations of fetal calf serum (FCS) to the set of six antigen mixes, increasing the overall protein concentrations by 10-fold and 100-fold before labeling and detection (Figure 6).
The landmark acquisition in December of 75 rare and important hanging scrolls and folding screens is evidence of the commitment to build the IMA's permanent collection of world art.
It has been pointed out that statistically significant differences in gene expression often are of small magnitude (sometimes as low as 1.2-fold), and that larger effects often are artefacts of high variance [ 7 8 ] . For those interested in detecting these smaller effects, it is important to minimize nonspecific sources of inter-array variance.
The rationale for defining 'regions' and 'super-regions' came from our observation that RNA folding algorithms would not necessarily identify characteristic pre-miRNA structures if they were folded within the context of longer RNAs, owing to base-pairing with non-miRNA sequence.
9-fold), and the human mammaglobin β precursor (29.
8A, 8B) - The anlage of the dorsal fin is now visible in the dorsal fin fold.
On my way out of town, I drive through a fold in time,a tunnel through the history of shopping:boarded-up storefronts on the narrow commercial streets,the old strips and plazas with a muffler shop or a chicken fryer left,and larger sites--a five-and-dime blown out into a warehouse,fast-food shops, all local chains now,with their scratchy speakers and pot-holed drive-thru lanes;then the first real malls, big as aircraft carriers, low and blocky,their outlying coffee shops and two-screen theaters like escorts;at last a quieting stretch, the freeway growing wallsand the walled tracts all around nestled in their names--The Willows, Hunt Club Crossing, Hidden Acres--their malls planted, soft-colored, smoothly designed,broad single lumps surrounded by asphalt prairie,distant and unobtrusive as buttes.
This is a 10-fold decrease from the lowest irradiance reported by Gray et al.
The gene-expression levels obtained by RT-PCR were normalized to that of gene for the enzyme hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyl transferase (HPRT) and expressed as the fold increase or decrease relative to that of the normal control pool.
Thus, deletion of hnt2 afforded a 48-fold increase in ApppN in ade2 mutants, consistent with an earlier report of a 31-fold effect [ 13 ] , but a 211-fold increase in ADE2 strains.
In this system, the secondary structure of an RNA molecule is taken as a predictor of the fitness of the underlying sequence [ 31 32 33 34 35 36 ] . RNA folding has the advantage that all genotypes can be separated naturally into only two classes, the viable ones (those that fold into a particular target structure) with fitness 1, and the non-viable ones (those that fail to fold into that exact structure), which are assigned fitness 0. Such a classification permits a precise mathematical analysis, while at the same time many important properties of high-dimensional fitness landscapes are retained [ 37 ] . The set of all viable sequences can be decomposed into smaller sets called neutral networks [ 38 39 ] . Two viable sequences belong to the same neutral network if one sequence can be transformed into the other through a series of single point mutations, without passing through a sequence with lower fitness along the way.
Every third fraction between 7 and 33 of the glycerol gradient was diluted 10-fold and analyzed for its polymerase activity.
These authors demonstrated a >50% reduction in small intestinal tumour number and PGE 2 content and a >4-fold increase in apoptosis.
The log(fold expression) values are plotted on these graphs.
When specifically examining fatty acid synthase (FAS), a highly expressed gene, microarray fold changes of less than 2 can be corroborated between the two experimental techniques, reinforcing the strength of this fold change model.
In the microarray hybridization, the expression levels of two of the selected genes were unchanged (< 2-fold) while four additional genes showed a differential expression between the trophozoite and schizont stage (> 2-fold).
In cells stably transfected with the Bcl-3 expression plasmid, IL-1 induced MMP-1 expression to levels 3.4-fold higher than in the cells transfected with empty vector (Fig.
Gene expression levels following particle bombardment were 10-100 fold higher than those found following low-volume jet injection but the immune response was equivalent.
However, the Group I self-splicing intron is a much more complicated ribozyme than either the hammerhead or the L1 ligase; for example, the tertiary structure of the Group I intron is established by a complicated folding pathway.
Episodes with the highest quintile of medical care costs in the preceding three months had about a 1.7 - fold increased likelihood of being hospitalized (95% CI 0.77-3.
3%) of identified spots fall outside the 1.42-fold change, 2-SD limit.
A microarray that uses competitive hybridization yields a list of fold changes for each gene between the conditions or cell types measured.
PGM enzyme levels were increased two- to five-fold using a sense transgenic construct, and Pgm RNA levels were decreased 1.3- to 24-fold by driving expression of an inverted-repeat construct.
It is now known that simply using fold changes, as in the earlier days, is unreliable and inefficient [ 3, 4].
As a step beyond PSI-BLAST or PFAM profiles, we have used 123D+ [ 17 18 ] , which not only performs target-template profile-profile alignment, but also uses secondary structure and contact capacity potential information for protein fold recognition.
Dermenkephalin is markedly increased in potency in the presence of peptidase inhibition -more than one hundred fold with a cocktail of bacitracin, bestatin, and captopril- as in Kramer's study ( 20), and to a greater extent with kelatorphan and thiorphan as used in the present study.
To demonstrate binding specificity, 100-fold molar excess (10 ng) of a specific or non-specific oligonucleotide (5'-ATTCGATCGGGGCGGGGCGAGC-3') was included in the binding reaction.
Our calculations reveal that even if a hypothetical disease allele gave a 10-fold increased risk, out of the 132 possible pairs of SNPs, in 92 of them (70%), the marker would show a relative risk of less than twofold.
[ 43], that eukaryotic GshBs did not evolve directly from bacterial GshBs, but rather that both evolved from ancestors that had the characteristic fold of the ATP-grasp superfamily.
Conversely, setting a more stringent threshold to 1.9-fold intensity difference decreased the gene sets by 25% and removed genes such as Arrestin2 and CG11798 (Figure 6d,6f).
USA Today puts Israel on page 11 and goes instead with the latest ripple in a story that's been percolating below the fold for a while: allegations of vote-buying by the Salt Lake City Olympics bid committee in its successful drive to land the 2002 Winter Games.
5-fold, P < 0.05) for defining regulated genes across the N vs.
Supernatant media from 3D cultures were concentrated 10-fold by precipitation with ethanol, resuspended in distilled H 2 O and mixed with twofold sample buffer (0.
The Washington Post puts the talks above the fold but goes instead with the continued Russia vs.
The Los Angeles Times puts this development just above the fold, but leads with the California Supreme Court's ruling upholding the admissibility of DNA evidence, provided prosecutors show that correct procedures were used.
Fritz Hollings cannot hold his seat--if a powerful, intelligent, pork-barreling, 32 year incumbent, supported by the full force and bankroll of the national Democratic Party and opposed by a little-known challenger, cannot win--then the Democratic Party might as well fold and flee North.
When you turn down , are you refusing an offer or folding a bedsheet?
The observed change in Ki on wt receptors is much larger than that observed for removal of the N-benzyl group (31 fold), but is similar to that observed for substitution of the distal amino nitrogen in analog 2 (400 fold).
Results shown in figure 3and table 2indicate a 24-fold reduction in DNA binding affinity when both the subunits carried insertion (p66 INS/p51 INS) in their β7-β8 loops.
As with other IQ domains [ 14 ] , Ca 2+weakened the affinity of calmodulin for IQ1 and IQ2 by more than 10-fold.
For example, genes for human autoantigen and human carboxyl ester lipase-like protein would be considered up-regulated in the microarray (according to PM match hybridization) if the MM hybridization values were ignored in the fold change calculation.
Quality control methods are described on our web site ( http://microarray.cnmcresearch.org/pga.htm), with cRNA amplifications of between 5- and 13-fold for each of the samples.
The eluate from the SP column was then diluted 5-fold with buffer C (20 mM tris pH 8.5, 1 mM EDTA and 0.1% 2-mercaptoethanol) and subjected to anion-exchange chromatography on a BioScale Q column (2 ml from BioRad).
However, the amplitude of the rhythm is approximately 2 fold compared to the greater than 10 fold amplitude seen in Xenopus retina.
Several studies of protein folding in silico indicate that widespread neutral networks exist, comparable to the situation for RNA sequences [ 39 49 50 ] . Moreover, decay functions similar to the function w ( d ) studied here have been measured in vitro [ 51 52 ] by making fitness a binary variable (e.g.
For instance, they are dispensable for DNA damage-dependent activation of the Rad26/Rad3-kinase complex [ 18 ] , but are required for the Rad3-dependent phosphorylation of Chk1 [ 23 ] . Structural predictions of Hus1, Rad1 and Rad9 have led to the proposal that all three fold similarly to the subunits of Proliferating Cell Nuclear Antigen (PCNA) [ 24 25 26 ] . Consistent with these predictions, PCNA exists as a homotrimer [ 27 ] while Hus1, Rad1 and Rad9 all interact and possibly form a heterotrimer [ 25 28 ] . In addition, Rad17 has sequence similarity and physical interactions with subunits of Replication Factor C (RFC) [ 29 30 ] . Based on the RFC-PCNA paradigm, the Rad17-RFC complex may load the PCNA-like Rad9-Rad1-Hus1 (9-1-1) complex onto genomic lesions discovered by the Rad26/Rad3 complex.
The ERF superfamily genes are associated with a RusA superfamily nuclease/HJR and EndoVII fold nucleases (Fig.
For example, for a gene up-regulated 2-fold in tester over control, the formula is (a + 2b)(a' + 2b') = aa' + 4bb' + 2a'b + 2ab'.
However, with ADGE microarray, there were 63 genes >4 fold up-regulated, 220 genes 2-4 fold up-regulated, 92 genes 2-4 fold down-regulated and 14 genes >4 down-regulated.
0 and 178 greater than 2-fold (7.
A >2-fold criterion alone was found to generate a substantial proportion of potential false positives, while also excluding many putatively regulated genes.
Compound stock solutions, 5 mg/mL, were diluted 10-fold in DMEM without FBS and mixed with virus particles to five final concentrations: 50, 10, 2, 0.4 and 0.08 μg/mL.
Additionally, the tumour tissue concentrates 2 to 3 fold the mhATF-BPTI from the plasma, resulting in high intra tumoral levels.
Treatment of luciferase clone 5B3 with 15 μM GS-E for 48 hours consistently induced luciferase levels from near background with only DMSO added, to nearly 150-fold (Table 1) when adjusted for non specific R-Luc induction which was approximately 1.2 fold.
Data were plotted as a GS-E (RLU1/RLU2)/Control (RLU1/RLU2) ratio (as in Table 1) fold induction over the 0 time point which was set empirically as 1. This data shown in Figure 3Aindicates that gene expression is increased by 8 hours and reaches maximum induction by 24 hours.
O -phosphates and phosphorothioates to short-chain polyols [ 14 ] , we evaluate four inhibitor parameters and obtain compounds, inhibitory constants for which are as much as 70-fold lower than natural substrates.
Both protocols have previously been demonstrated to upregulate VEGF mRNA levels by 3-4 fold [ 10 13 14 ] . In situ hybridization with a VEGF 165 probe was then applied to muscle samples to detect the fiber specific localization of VEGF mRNA transcripts.
In contrast, expression of the S phase marker cyclin A was decreased by 3 fold in two clones (RAR1 and 2) and was undetectable in 2 others (RAR3 and 4) when compared to G418 resistant control cells.
Data, plotted in Figure 7, demonstrate that 10 ng/ml Bryostatin added into the culture medium containing 10 2-10 3IU/ml IFNg induced a 5- to 6-fold increase in levels of MHCII expression.
Furthermore, our microarray data demonstrated that IL-1 inhibited Col2A1 expression by 1.6-fold in SW1353 cells (data not shown).
Marked increases in intracellular ADR accumulation were found in MCF7/ADR cells, the increases being 2.7-fold, 2.3-fold and 1.5-fold, respectively.
9Bto be from 5-fold to more than 30-fold.
5 was expressed at > 10-fold lower levels than either of the other two mRNAs, and thus had higher CV values for both F and F sthan the other two mRNAs.
Genome-wide structural analyses in terms of patterns of protein folding have been useful in revealing functional and evolutionary relationships [ 1, 2, 3, 4].
This effect is seen more dramatically in the contour plot for HSF1 , for which the highly dispersed, somewhat inconsistent ratios of 0.9-fold, 3-fold and 5-fold were observed.
The file includes information on the cDNA array background, the raw average signal intensity, the scaling factors, the thresholds, the percentage of genes scored as present, the number of genes with fold changes (ratios) above certain thresholds and several correlation coefficients.
For the experiments described in our study, the raw expression ratio dataset was filtered, using the program Cluster [ 43], for genes whose transcript levels differ from their median value by at least 1.5-fold in androgen-treated cells compared to controls in at least two experiments (with not more than 30% of measurements discarded because of poor data quality for each entry).
These include the glycine-rich loop bounded by a β-strand and an a helix that is typical of Rossmann fold nucleotide-binding proteins, a conserved glutamate specific to the amino oxidase family, that interacts with ribose in FAD and other residues of the substrate and cofactor-binding site.
The top fold, the immunoglobulin-like β-sandwich, accounts for about 829 (10.
The orienting polar residue is either an acidic or a polar amide residue in most members of the thiol-peptidase fold [ 32, 37].
reported 2-10 fold reductions at every stage of thymocyte development in Rag -/-adults [ 13 ] . Recent work by Petrie, et al.
Recently, Dlakic [ 12 ] and Hofmann et al [ 13 ] showed that the yCCR4 C-terminus contains a fold related to the Mg 2+-dependent endonuclease core.
Therefore, when activated Ras is transfected with Elk-1, GAL4-SRF, and the reporter, the CAT activity increases to 8-fold over basal levels.
The W89F mutation produces a 18-fold change in K d for [ 3H]-granisetron binding (18 ± 2 nM) and the W89Y mutation produces a 5.8-fold change in K d (5.
As part of a national overhaul of the Legal Services Corp., the nine legal aid groups in Texas are being folded into three, creating huge agencies handling cases in dozens of counties.
Moreover, it is especially noteworthy that the nearly 2-fold decline of glucocorticoid receptor (GR) (Table 2) is also of very high relative importance in defining SMGs deprived of NF-κB nuclear translocation.
Although the ratio of Gram-positive cocci to Gram-negative rods isolated from all catheters was approximately 1, the ratio increased approximately three fold in CRI.
In our cohort, men with a PSA level ≥ 4 ng/ml had a 15-fold increased rate of biopsy compared to men with normal values.
Generally, the S224A and S224K mutants exhibited small changes in K m and k cat , while the S224D mutant yielded 20- to 40-fold increased values for K m and >10-fold decreases in k cat when using the penicillins as substrates.
An approximate 2-4 fold increase in transcript level was detected in seedlings subjected to salt and chilling stress compared to control plants (Fig.
77 genes with >99% confidence level and >4 fold changes were identified with ADGE microarray, compared to only one such gene with regular microarray (Fig.
1-fold when compared to P. aeruginosa FRD-2 LPS and lipid A.
Finally, the SCOP classification of protein structures by fold (Figure 4a) and by family (Figure 4b) provides a convenient way to catalog the relative occurrences of structures in A. thaliana . With respect to folds, the membrane all-alpha fold, alpha-alpha superhelix and protein kinase-like (PK-like) fold ranked highest.
One of the genes spotted on the cDNA microarray that we are interested in is ( Phosphatase in Activated Cells ) PAC-1 [ 9 ] . The differential expression of PAC-1 by both cDNA microarray (differential expression 4.2) and oligonucleotide arrays (fold change 1.6) is shown in Figures 3aand 3b.
10A) or fold increase in Her2/neu protein (Fig.
The story off-leads at the WP , but in a sure sign of scandal fatigue, it's below the fold at USAT and the LAT , and runs inside at the NYT .
Two sequences that fold into the same structure may bind to a receptor with different efficiencies, and a sequence that folds into a slightly different structure may also bind to the receptor, albeit less efficiently.
A number of different criteria may be selected, but our default criteria for calling a gene 'differentially expressed' are as follows: a qualitative difference call of 'Increase' (I), 'Marginal Increase' (MI), 'Decrease' (D) or 'Marginal Decrease' (MD), a fold change (expression ratio) of greater than 1.8, an average difference change of greater than 50 (after scaling to a mean signal, or target value, across the entire array of 200), and an absolute call of 'Present' for the probe set in either or both replicate cerebellums.
It is worthy of note that there is not a correlation between the subtracted difference and the fold change in gene expression levels.
Osteoblasts infected with S. aureus at a MOI of 75:1 demonstrated a 2-fold increase in activated caspase-8 45 min post-infection, which was significantly higher than the level of activated caspase-8 in the uninfected control (p < 0.05) (Fig.
The WSJ and Los Angeles Times put Clinton stories out front and above the fold, while the suddenly prudish WP leaves the scandal off its front entirely.
Comparative analyses of concentration-effect relationships for BMP-7 and BMP-5 (Figure 2), indicate EC 50 values for BMP-5 approximately 10-fold higher than those of BMP-7; however maximally effective concentrations of these two growth factors have comparable effects on sympathetic neurons as assessed by the percentage of neurons with dendritic growth, the number of dendrites per cell, and the total dendritic length per cell.
The Xmut2 mutation had a measurable effect (2-fold decrease) on the full level of transcription and the Ymut2 mutation reduced the reporter activity by more than three-fold (figure 5c).
5 fold at 36 hours, in response to VEGF 165treatment (Fig.
Of the 134 genes found expressed more highly in A549 xenograft tumors over A549 cultures ( p < 0.01, fold change > 2), 70 were also higher in stage I adenocarcinomas over A549 cultures ( p < 0.05).
An example of their use is to select genes that are differentially expressed with a fold change greater than 1.3 in six of six files AND with a larger fold change of greater than 3.0 in at least one of the six files.
4- and 1.4-fold (|log 2 ratio| < 0.5).
RGS3T is comprised primarily by the consensus RGS domain and was originally reported to decrease the growth rate of yeast and to inhibit IL-8 receptor mediated activation of MAP kinase by a factor of 3-10 fold as compared to RGS3 [ 24 ] and was subsequently reported to be a normally expressed variant of RGS3 [ 37 ] . Therefore, we compared it to RGS3 for attenuation of GnRH-stimulated IP 3 production in COS-1 cells (Fig.
In this study, the performance of both algorithms were benchmarked using 366 known fold change values derived from 34 spiking experiments.
The "Structure, Motifs, and Folding" section presently contains three RNA motif projects ("U-Tum" [ 62 ] , "A Story" [ 63 ] , and "AA.AG@helix.ends" [ 64 ] ) and two RNA folding projects ("16S rRNA Folding" [ 65 ] and "23S rRNA Folding" [ 66 ] ). In the "Phylogenetic Structure Analysis" section, additional information for three publications is available: "Mollusk Mitochondria" [ 67 ] , "Polytoma Leucoplasts" [ 68 ] , and "Algal Introns" [ 69 ] .
The WP goes above the fold with a picture for Pat Buchanan's decision to run for president for a third time.
For example, the results in Figure 2showed a relative error ([fold change expected - fold change observed]/fold change expected) of 17% which is low compared with higher errors reported elsewhere [ 25 ] . However, the data exhibited a low but consistent compression of the ratios (obtained from comparing the signal obtained from one transcript concentration to that obtained from the next dilution).
In contrast to the template-dependent RNA polymerases, which have several distinct scaffolds of the catalytic domains, all template-independent RNA polymerases have the same fold of the principal catalytic domain and belong to the pol β superfamily of nucleotidyl transferases [ 29 30 ] .
In control experiments, serial dilutions (1/200 to 1/1,600) of rabbit anti-phthalate antiserum and of normal rabbit serum, respectively (each diluted 100-fold in PBS-BG) were added to the wells.
Given that this domain lies in the periphery of the holoenzyme, it is likely to participate in interactions with cofactors, which is compatible with the protein-protein interaction function identified in several proteins with the β-grasp fold [ 80 81 ] .
When using the cephalosporins, nitrocefin, cefoxitin, and cephalothin, as substrates and the I164A mutant, there were 2- to 10-fold (only for cefoxitin) increases in K m and 2- to 4-fold increases in k cat observed (Table 3).
We observed an average, 256-fold and 263-fold reduction in crossover recombination in the rec12-D15 and rec12-Y98F mutants for intervals encompassing ~20% of the genome.
The sample size was planned with 80% statistical power to detect 2.1-fold odds ratios (ORs) between the highest and lowest quartiles of any continuous variable, 1.9-fold ORs for quartile trend, a 0.25-year case-control difference in age at menarche, and a 3.5-year case-control difference in years lived in Marin.
The increase in K i on the W89F mutant receptor was 4.8 ± 0.56 fold and the increase in K i on the W89Y receptor was 3.6 ± 0.4 fold.
Both proteolytic cleavage (via MPP and/or IMP complexes) and chaperonin help (mt-HSP70/Ssc2p) in membrane trafficking and/or folding are needed for the mature frataxin protein to arrive at its destination in the matrix in its proper conformation.
This supplies a 2-3 fold excess of FtsZ (and also FtsQ and FtsA) and complements ftsZ84, permitting cell growth and division at 42°C when carried in JFL101 [ 13].
The filter criteria were set to select genes that scored as differentially expressed in both comparisons (I, MI, D or MD, fold change ≥ 1.8, average difference change ≥ 50, and P (present) in at least one measurement).
Nonspecific binding, calculated from reactions with an excess of unlabeled ligand (100-fold) over radioligand, reached about 40% of the total binding.
When the vendors leave at the end of the day, their cage-lined stalls are folded and shut like wardrobes, with the birds rustling about inside.
0 fold and 28 a greater than 2-fold difference in the N vs.
The increase in the Her2/neu overexpressing cells is more than 40-fold.
This problem may be due to an inaccurate fold change calculation due to the inclusion of mismatch values in the formula.
For example, the transcript levels of 310 of these genes changed by 1.5-fold or more in MDA PCa 2a and 2b cells following 48 hours of exposure to R1881; transcripts for 262 genes changed by 1.5-fold or greater in single treatments of all four LNCaP androgen-deprived subclones; and transcripts for 81 genes changed by 1.5-fold or greater in the three LAPC-4 and LAPC-4 (androgen-deprived) array experiments.
5-fold) and RA synovial tissue fibroblasts (6-fold).
6 per 100,000 persons [ 5 ] , but rates 1,000-fold higher have been reported in some HIV-seropositive populations [ 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 ] . In addition, disseminated infections with Mycobacterium avium complex are increasingly common in advanced human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) disease and cause substantial morbidity [ 15 16 ] . Persons with HIV infection and CD4 lymphocyte counts less than 100 cells/mm 3have a probability of 10% to 20% per year of developing M. avium complex disease or bacteremia [ 17 18 ] . Bacteremia involving M. avium complex produces a wide array of clinical signs and symptoms, including wasting, fever, and night sweats, and is associated with decreased survival [ 17 18 19 20 ] . The recovery of mycobacteria in blood cultures can help to discover bacteremia that frequently goes unrecognized.
But it's below the fold at USAT and on p.
3%) showed a 2- to 4-fold (1 < |log 2 ratio| < 2) difference between the two organs.
We observed an average, 256-fold and 263-fold reduction in crossover recombination in the rec12-D15 and rec12-Y98F mutants for intervals encompassing ~20% of the genome.
3 fold risk) genes.
5 fold at 12 hours, ~2 fold at 24 hrs, and ~1.
0 and the 178 that were above 2-fold in the N vs.
Similarly, TBP was readily detected in the 20-fold dilution of F9 cell extract, while the levels detected in the differentiated cell extracts were significantly lower (compare lanes 5 and 6).
Unfortunately, the use of the mismatch probe information can interfere with fold change calculations of gene expression.
But there is no Lewinsky story on the USAT front and she's driven below the fold at the WP and LAT . The USAT headline boils things down the most: "U.S.
In one of their data sets, a 2-SD limit of 1.25-fold was observed; combined, 99.
Consistent data, even when relatively dispersed (ratios 3-fold, 5-fold and 10-fold), as for GCR1 , shows this effect but with a greater slope in the likelihood surface.
In two of these cases (S9 and S17) no tags were detected in the non-transformed neuroblastoma cells; in several other cases (S12, S24, L24) the relative abundance in PC12 cells was over 20-fold that in the neuroblastoma cells.
The first, a signed fold change (such as a +1.
The very high concordance rate found between genes predicted from the array analysis to be regulated and measurements of mRNA for 24 genes by quantitative Northern slot blots and in situ hybridization, validates utilization of a two dimensional matrix of fold and significant difference.
They found that a differential expression ratio cut-off of greater than or equal to 2-fold produced excellent correlation between samples amplified with different amounts of input poly(A) +RNA but that a 3-fold differential expression ratio threshold should be set for comparing ratios between amplified and unamplified mRNA.
Among genes that are stimulated by FSH/cAMP during the period of maturation of Sertoli cells (15 to 20 days of age in rats), are several subunits of cAMP-dependent protein kinase (PKA), the serine/threonine kinase mainly responsible for the downstream effects of FSH [ 15 ] . Expression of the RIIβ regulatory subunit of cAMP-dependent protein kinase is highly induced (50-fold) at the mRNA level in primary cultures of rat Sertoli cells as a late response to cAMP peaking at 12 hours [ 16 ] . We have demonstrated that expression of CAAT/Enhancer binding protein β (C/EBPβ) is induced by cAMP with rapid kinetics in Sertoli cells, and that C/EBPβ is responsible for induction of late response genes like the RIIβ-gene [ 17 ] . The RIIβ promoter contains a conserved E-box/HLH element in the basal promoter localized at -280 to -275 relative to the functional ATG [ 18 ] . This element is shown to be important for cAMP-responsiveness in granulosa cells, and it has been shown to bind both USF and Myc in CHO and NB2a cells [ 18 19 ] . In this work, we show that USF isoforms may regulate cAMP responsiveness of the RIIβ promoter by modulating the effect of C/EBP, and that the formation of USF isoforms may be regulated by cAMP in Sertoli cells.
LFC: limit fold change function
hnt2Δ strains containing ade2 mutations were several fold lower in ApppN accumulation than hnt2ΔADE2 isolates.
Background binding was determined by using a 100 fold excess of unlabelled thiamine or ThDP in parallel reactions.
9-fold), normal synovial tissue (4-fold) and RA synovial tissue fibroblasts (9.
For most of these, expression of N-myc elevated the neuroblastoma levels to relative abundances within 2-fold of those in PC12 cells.
The E. coli and human enzymes have the same overall structural fold, which is typical of the ATP-grasp superfamily [ 36].
It has been suggested that perhaps cytoplasmic proteins are not exported in prl suppressor strains because they fold rapidly and escape recognition by SecB, while secretory proteins, even those lacking a signal sequence, fold more slowly, allowing time for SecB recognition and binding [ 5 13 ] . SecB binds to a variety of unfolded proteins in vitro [ 24 25 ] , although binding appears to be more selective in vivo [ 26 ] . This selectivity may be based on the slower folding characteristics of secretory proteins.

In this experiment, a Wg plasmid activated the luciferase reporter only 12-fold above the vector control; wild-type DFz2 plasmid alone stimulated luciferase levels 7-fold, but neither deletion mutant of DFz2 had any effect, consistent with an earlier report that DFz2 with a truncated carboxyterminus fails to induce the expression of Xnr/Siamois [ 21 ] . However, DFz2ΔC stimulated signaling over 700-fold when delivered in concert with Wg, a synergistic effect nearly as strong as observed with wild type DFz2 (nearly 1700-fold in this experiment).
Marked increases in intracellular ADR accumulation were found in MCF7/ADR cells, the increases being 2.7-fold, 2.3-fold and 1.5-fold, respectively.
As shown in Figure 2B, when a second standard was included, either a fold change ≥ 2, or a subtracted difference ≥ 100, 161 probe sets (36%) were expressed as immediately/early genes in purified T cells, and of these, 71 were also IL-2-regulated in PBMCs.
5 fold and 10 fold changes respectively).
Although incorporation of DAP did not uniformly increase the hybridization stability for all target-probe duplexes, even moderate incorporation of DAP (1:1 DAP:A) resulted in signal intensity increases (up to 30-fold) for the majority of probes on our platform.
Only a very small number of sequences fold into any given rare structure.
5 %, still lower than the 2-fold alone error.
Down below the fold on the front page, the NYT breaks the story of an Air Force officer, William Kite, who faces a court martial for fraternizing with an enlisted person and lying about it to superiors.
ERCA is capable of 10 12-fold signal amplification [ 6 ] . In order to investigate the efficiency of the ERCA step, OCP was circularized by ligation on a synthetic oligonucleotide target, and gel-purified to remove any linear DNA.
This value shows a greater than 140 fold increase in EC 50 compared to wildtype receptors; a larger change than was observed for the K i (24 fold).
Folds such as the SH3-like barrels, the PAS-like fold, the OB fold, the double-stranded β-helix, the β-propeller and rubredoxin-like zinc ribbons are predominantly non-catalytic domains that are widely represented in multiple functional contexts, with roles such as small-molecule binding, nucleic-acid binding and interaction with other proteins [ 3, 4, 5] (see also the SCOP [ 6] and CATH [ 7] databases).
5. The large fold changes result from very small denominators used in the fold change calculations for these probe sets.
For example, Th2P6 showed the greatest activation (8-fold at 8 mM MgCl 2 ), while Th1P5 showed low activation (1.
In patients with breast cancer-induced bone metastases, the urinary excretion of the newly synthesised α LCTX form was more increased than the age-modified forms β Land α D. Compared with NC- patients, the HC+ patients had a 3.4-fold elevation in α LCTX and the NC+ patients had 2.2-fold higher levels of α LCTX ( P < 0.01).
The effect of later switching is folded into the interpretation.
A 3-fold increase in serum transaminases occurred in one patient who was initiated on simvastatin 20 mg qd during the program.
3D); 107 and 38 genes detected at >4 fold up- and down-regulated, respectively.
For example, the transcript levels of 310 of these genes changed by 1.5-fold or more in MDA PCa 2a and 2b cells following 48 hours of exposure to R1881; transcripts for 262 genes changed by 1.5-fold or greater in single treatments of all four LNCaP androgen-deprived subclones; and transcripts for 81 genes changed by 1.5-fold or greater in the three LAPC-4 and LAPC-4 (androgen-deprived) array experiments.
9-nitropaullone, the most potent member of a novel class of the paullone CDK inhibitor family, inhibits CDK1/cyclin B at 10-fold lower concentrations than flavopiridol and roscovitine [ 22, 23, 24].
6. The log 2 ratio (fold change) of the mean signals for normal vs . deficient diet groups was calculated:
This compression is also observed when the observed ratio is binned according to the magnitude of the fold change (Figure 6D).
0-fold), the breast epithelial antigen ( BA46 ) gene (4.
Multiple assays in triplicate on the GAL4-SEAP transfected clones gave induction levels ranging from 118- to 551-fold for the best five Panc02+RHeoSwitch-3 clones and from 52- to 486-fold for the best twelve Panc02+RHeoSwitch-4 clones.
4%), and albumin infusion within 24 hours after sepsis onset (varied 4.9-fold, 95% CI 2.2-fold to 10.
Ax, a 20-fold difference (Figure 1E).
The observed change in Ki on wt receptors is much larger than that observed for removal of the N-benzyl group (31 fold), but is similar to that observed for substitution of the distal amino nitrogen in analog 2 (400 fold).
HC+ patients had a 3.4-fold elevation in α LCTX levels, and a 2.2-fold elevation was seen in NC+ patients, indicating that the more severe condition in the HC+ patients is reflected by the α LCTX marker.
1%), ventilator support (varied 3.2-fold, 95% CI 2.1-fold to 4.9-fold; range 11.
A more detailed analysis of the competition binding data obtained for the Y140A, Y142A and Y152A mutations is shown in Figure 4. For 5-HT, the Y142A mutation produced a 110 fold increase in K i and Y152A produced a 24 fold increase.
In this paper, we focus on a fairly simple system (RNA secondary structure folding), which avoids the first explanation above because of complete information, and avoids the second and third explanations because there is only a single gene with dichotomous fitness (0 or 1) in the system.
2A), whereas the expression of α 2 integrin subunit was increased by ~5 fold at 12 hours, by ~2 fold at 24 hrs, and was barely detectable at 36 hrs (Fig.
The prediction of a classical thiol-protease fold for the NlpC/P60 proteins also explains the circular permutation of the conserved motifs that is observed in several members of this superfamily such as LRAT and YaeF (Figure 1).
Moreover, The rate constants of Glu351Ala and Glu351Arg for thrombin inhibition were 2 to 4 folds higher than that of wtPAI-1 and rate constants of Glu351Ala and Glu351Arg to plasmin were 2 fold higher than that of wtPAI-1.
I used to keep my balance, the edges were eaten,the lead was grey, the green eraser was worn down to the metal, and I had a spiral notebook I kept for emotions, and I folded my money.
In the present study, levels of hnRNP A2/B1 transcripts were reduced only about two fold in homozygous mutant cells, and the relative amount of the A2/B1 protein in hnRNP complexes was unaffected (G.
This domain is predicted to adopt an α-helical fold and is according referred to as CHAD (CHAD: c onserved h istidine α -helical d omain; Fig.
14) and a 10-fold increase in apoptosis (Fig.
For the CAN series the readthrough efficiency followed the hierarchy: A>G>U=C, with A showing a 30 fold higher readthrough level than C. By contrast, for the GGN series, the hierarchy was C>U≥A≥G with C showing a 2.5 fold higher readthrough than G. As above, we examined the correlation between nucleotide usage at the variable position and readthrough efficiency.
Democrats, unwilling to take another beating, folded, voting unanimously for the bill in full committee.
In these cases, the average of the differential expression values (fold difference) for the different hybridizations was used in subsequent calculations.
Producing a reduction in false positive without also producing false negative differences requires the use both of fold and significant difference.
The fold of amplification increases with smaller quantities of template RNA, but the absolute yield of aRNA decreases.
Generally, the proportion of PCV rvirus varied only two-fold between tests when compared to the control virus, ranging from 0.004 to 0.009% (data not shown); however, three serial samples in the VCV-treatment group, 14-P2, 14-P3 and 14-P4, clearly showed a substantial increase in the proportion of resistant virus relative to the wild type control, specifically an 11-, 300- and 8800-fold increase, respectively (14-P2, 0.002%; 14-P3, 2%; and 14-P4, 44% PCV r).
This relative increase was highly significant for all three genes ( dbp, per1 : 3.3-fold; per2 : 5.6-fold; P < 0.0003, unpaired t-tests, n = 5/genotype).
The discovery that GFP will still fold and form a fluorophore when placed virtually anywhere in another coding region suggests that the limiting step in the process is whether the target protein it is inserted into folds and functions correctly.
Muscle blood flow can vary many fold and one would expect that it would depend on the specific experimental conditions, such as whether the subject was supine or ambulatory.
To evaluate the generalizabilityof BPNN and GPNN models, we used 10 fold cross-validation [ 29 30 ] (CV).Here, the data are divided into 10 parts of equal size.
Transfection experiments show that the 3-repeat allele results in a 5-fold lower transcriptional induction than the 4-repeat allele [ 68 ] . The second polymorphism we examined is a silent C to T change at position 1460 in exon 14.
A remarkable 2.5-fold increase in the mRNA of JunB was detected upon treatment with RU 486 (Fig 2A).
Percolation means that it is possible to find two sequences with almost no sequence identity which fold into the same structure, and which are connected by a path of mutant sequences that also fold into the same structure.
Although a greater than 2-fold change cut off eliminates most false positives (estimated error rate, 16%), this specificity is at the expense of many putatively regulated genes.
Similar to our findings in mice, feeding rats fish oil significantly decreased Ttr expression in whole brain 2.9 fold [ 18 ] . Interestingly, feeding of
In contrast, hnt2ΔADE2 strains achieved a 3.7-fold higher level of AppppN than HNT2 ADE2 strains.
Many carriages had folding tops , exactly like convertibles.
fwd B was overexpressed approximately 10-fold and associated with an average 8% increase in life span.
However, the amplitude of the rhythm is approximately 2 fold compared to the greater than 10 fold amplitude seen in Xenopus retina.
These genes will then tend to numerically meet any given fold change cut-off even if the gene is not truly differentially expressed.
The increases in the K i values were 190 fold for lerisetron, 98 fold for analog 1 and only 40 fold for analog 2. Thus, analog 1 retains much of its ability to interact with Y152 despite the absence of the N-benzyl group, while analog 2 interacts more weakly with this amino acid.
For the amplified samples, nearly 2/3 of the changes are 2-fold or greater (Table 5), another indication of the increased variability also seen in Figures 2a and 2b.
The PRELI/MSF1p' domain is approximately 170 residues long and is predicted to assume a globular α + β fold with six β strands and four α helices (Figure 3).
Expression of c-jun was reduced by 3 to 4 fold in the S77A RARα cells compared to G418 resistant control clones.
The K i for analog 2 increased from 0.32 ± 0.08 μM on wildtype to 13 ± 4.2 μM on Y152A mutant receptors (40 ± 12 fold increase).
6-fold).
Multiple assays in triplicate on the GAL4-SEAP transfected clones gave induction levels ranging from 118- to 551-fold for the best five Panc02+RHeoSwitch-3 clones and from 52- to 486-fold for the best twelve Panc02+RHeoSwitch-4 clones.
Implicit in such findings is the fact that the accuracy of a fold change may also increase with a longer hybridization time.
..and in the process, get DiCaprio's price locked in for all to see--above the fold in Variety --at twenty-one big ones.
LFC limit fold change
When only these genes with >99% confidence level of t test are considered, one and three genes were detected at 2-4 fold up- and down-regulated, respectively, with regular microarray; one gene detected at >4 fold down-regulated (Fig.
Analyses by northern blot and RNAse protection assays are commonly reported; however, the emerging 'gold-standard' validation technique is RT-PCR [ 26 ] . Microarrays tend to have a low dynamic range, which can lead to small yet significant under-representations of fold changes in gene expression [ 27 ] . As RT-PCR has a greater dynamic range, it is often used to validate the observed trends rather than duplicate the fold changes obtained by chip experiments [ 26 28 29 ] .
For the CAN series the readthrough efficiency followed the hierarchy: A>G>U=C, with A showing a 30 fold higher readthrough level than C. By contrast, for the GGN series, the hierarchy was C>U≥A≥G with C showing a 2.5 fold higher readthrough than G. As above, we examined the correlation between nucleotide usage at the variable position and readthrough efficiency.
As the Balkans flared to war once again, Greek nationalism has stirred, and there have been discussions in the kafeneion about the land of Macedonia returning to the fold of its forefathers.
Regarding the ERK1/2 pathway, we found a greater than 2-fold increase of activated ERK2 in SN50-treated glands (Fig.

4b,4c,4d), a 2-3-fold reduction in murine IL-6 and IFN-γ was observed in the aged animals treated with anti-TNF-α in comparison with those treated with saline at 6 weeks post-treatment (Fig.
The quantity of LH secreted by the anterior pituitary gland is the outcome of an interaction between the amount of hypothalamic GnRH secretion and the level of gonadotrope responsiveness to GnRH [ 7 ] . Quantitatively, gonadotrope responsiveness is more important than the level of GnRH secretion; for example, during the estrogen-stimulated preovulatory surge of LH secretion in the rat there is a 5-fold increase in GnRH secretion but a 50-fold increase in LH secretion [ 7 ] . Moreover, a quantity of GnRH that will evoke a normal preovulatory LH surge during the period preceding ovulation will induce only a small increase in LH secretion at other stages of the estrous cycle [ 7 ] . Similarly, termination of the preovulatory LH surge appears to be due to desensitization of the gonadotrope to GnRH action; in the sheep, a decrease in LH secretion precedes the decrease in GnRH secretion [ 41 ] , whereas in the rat, although the decrease in GnRH and LH secretion are co-incident [ 7 ] , there is evidence that the gonadotrope is already desensitized to GnRH [ 42 43 ] .
In the HIV +cases also, the CD8 +T cells show significantly enhanced TNF-α production (2 fold).
Another part is that the CDA was folded into the telecommunications bill, an acre of legislation that reorganizes one-seventh of the nation's economy.
Harada and colleagues documented intestinal polyposis in β-catenin transgenic mice with a less than 2-fold increase in β-catenin protein level in the polyps [ 33 ] . The authors point out that because the transgene was only expressed in a fraction of cells in this tissue, protein levels are likely higher in some epithelial cells.
Here, we have used the fold and superfamily assignments from the SCOP [ 14] and Superfamily databases [ 15] and the family classifications from InterPro [ 16, 17].
A similar approach was used by Wei et al [ 15 ] to isolate 21 Mycobacterium smegmatis recombinant clones that displayed a greater than 2-fold enhancement in survival after 48 hours.
This theory singles out current Executive Editor Downie for abuse, but complacency took root as early as 1981, when the Post 's cross-town competitor, the Washington Star , folded, allowing the fat beast to diddle all it wanted without paying a price.
The estimated error of 5% using these two criteria is much less than that obtained using just above 2-fold (16%) or significance alone (20%) and prevents many genes regulated below 2-fold being excluded from consideration of regulation.
The three dimensional structure of NPCs from both Xenopus and budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae is characterized by distinct substructures that are arranged with an 8-fold rotational symmetry [ 3 ] . Eight spoke-like structures form the central NPC core and are flanked on the cytoplasmic and nuclear sides by ring structures.
The high-concentration set was diluted 10-fold, so that the total protein concentration was equivalent in the two sets of protein mixtures.
Initially, alanine-scanning mutagenesis was used for this study as alanine substitutions are generally thought to minimally effect protein folding [ 27 ] . Sequence conservation from the alignment of LcrG with the
5 in the developing thymus, well before significant thymocyte maturation takes place [ 52 53 ] . Although the number of TECs is reduced by about 2-fold in Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-compound mutants, the number of thymocytes is reduced by a slightly greater amount, around 3-fold [ 29 ] . Therefore, the reductions seen in cytokine message levels in the Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-compound mutants are not secondary to decreased TEC numbers.
Genes for RecT/Redβ superfamily proteins are associated with genes encoding a λ-type exonuclease (LE) of the type II restriction enzyme fold, RecE, which also might be a divergent member of this fold, and a nuclease of the Endonuclease VII (EndoVII) fold [ 7 34 ] (Fig.
Previous biochemical studies on MAO and COMT have shown that the COMT Valine isoforms have 4-fold higher levels of enzymatic activity than the Methionine isoform.
These results imply that the differentiated state of maize tissues and organs is characterized by combinations of small numbers of differentially expressed (> 4-fold) tissue- or organ-specific genes among the 5,376 genes in this study.
It is predicted to adopt an α + β fold that is possibly related to the PAS-like fold.
On the other hand, the S224D mutant exhibited 3- to 50-fold higher K m values and 2- to 20-fold lower k cat values for the cephalosporins tested.
The second CASP showed some improvement in two areas: In comparative modelling, loops were being built better, and the use of hand-inspected alignments greatly increased model accuracy [ 17 ] . In the fold recognition category, alignments as well as prediction of folds improved [ 18 ] . The results in the ab initio category remained virtually unchanged except for one model of the alpha-helical protein NK-Lysin predicted to within 6.0 Å C α RMSD, capturing the correct topology [ 19 ] .
Intergenic recombination was reduced an average of 256-fold in the rec12-D15 (null) mutants and 263-fold in the rec12-Y98F (active site) mutants, relative to wild-type levels (Table 1).
The stimulation of ATPase activity by BDM [Figure 1A] is similar to a ~2 fold increase seen previously (A.
Data were plotted as a GS-E(RLU1/RLU2)/Control(RLU1/RLU2) ratio (as in Table 1) fold induction over the 0 drug concentration which was set empirically as 1. These results show an increase in gene inducing activity with increasing GS-E concentrations up to 10 μM.
In addition, β-galactosidase assays revealed that the 10-fold nitrate dependent repression of dmsA-lacZ expression was unaffected by the deletion of upstream DNA sequence to -71 relative to the start of dmsA transcription, further pinpointing the location of the 5' end of the NarL recognition site for dmsA (data not shown).
For example, Crat expression was significantly up regulated 3.3* fold with FISH treatment, but was less effected with FUNG and the combination diet.
Probe sets that underwent a 2-fold or greater change in the Wnt-ligand expressing cells compared to control cells were selected for further analysis.
The value obtained in the rec12 mutants was 2.5-fold higher than the predicted random value, indicating that the segregation errors are not simply the consequence of random chromosome assortment (nondisjunction) occurring exclusively during one of the two meiotic divisions.
In the back of the speakers is a 7 foot tube that has been folded into a thin, tight maze to fit inside the radio box.
The Taiwan earthquake leads with three columns at the New York Times and is fronted by the Washington Post , the Los Angeles Times , and USA Today (which puts it below the fold).
We are fortunate to have access to 34 spiking experiments done previously in GNF for a hybridization protocol study, where 366 independent known fold change numbers were derived.
As the fold distribution actually displays a wide spread of values - especially for higher occurrences (Figure 1a,1d) - we conclude that all three mathematical functions describe the data equally well.
As more human tissues were tested, single round amplification produced a 200- to 500-fold yield, lower than the 700-fold yield originally found in their study and lower than yields reported in amplification studies using cell cultures.
5-fold induction over DMSO treatment alone) and a maximal induction with 15 μM GS-E (80.
Genes such as Cd36, Cyp2b9, Hmgcs2, and Ech1 were induced more than 4-fold when Wy-14,643 (a PPARα-specific agonist) was administered to mice for 2 weeks.
We found that the same amino acid can drive very different readthrough efficiencies (5 fold differences between GGA and GGU), suggesting that the amino acid itself does not play a major role in readthrough efficiency.
For instance, both before and after NGF treatment, there was over a 10-fold difference in the relative numbers of transcripts for RPs L7, L22, S21 as compared to those encoding RP S29.
Of the 4,880 probes, 1,188 (24%) showed a 1.4- to 2-fold difference (0.
Strain F2/5 and its derivatives were left undiluted, or diluted 10-fold (for CG49 and CG435 experiments) or 100-fold (for CG78 experiments).
The Wag/Rij rats concentrate the mhATF-BPTI in the lung parenchyma about 10 fold, reaching therapeutic levels.
MG is a strong reversal agent: its capacity to increase intracellular accumulation of vincristine is 2-3-fold that of progesterone [ 6].
A similar secondary structure pattern is also observed in several other ligand-binding domains such as the PAS, GAF, profilin and probably even the CACHE domains [ 10 ] . Sequence-structure threading using the 3DPSSM method detected the PAS domain (Photoactive yellow protein PDB: 1drm) with marginally significant scores (.5, 50-70% probability of correct fold prediction).
HNF3γ-signaling may regulate transcription of Pck1 (up regulated ca. 2* fold with each diet, presently), and G6pc (differentially regulated in the current experiment) [ 42 ] . HNF3γ is also reported to increase transcription of several genes that were not differentially regulated in the present experiment including, transferrin, tyrosine amino transferase [ 43 ] , and IPF-1/PDX-1 [ 40 ] .
One of these, FK506-binding protein 5/FKBP51, a recently described androgen target [ 24], was the most highly induced gene (more than 20-fold) we observed in our experiments.
Feeding of all three LC-PUFA diets led to an approximately 2* fold increase in hepatic Pck1 for each probe set identified.
This evolutionary scenario complements a similar model proposed for the evolution of the other major polymerase class, the palm-domain-containing RNA and DNA polymerases, whose primordial core apparently consisted of a RNA-binding domain of the RRM fold [ 11 ] .
Foreskin-derived fibroblast clones varied greatly (up to 200 fold) in enzyme activity.
Paradoxically, increased ERK1 activation is seen despite a 1.6-fold decrease in total ERK1 protein (Table 2) and increased ERK 1/2 activation is associated with virtually no change in the antecedent activation of c-Raf.
We demonstrate that although Her2/neu levels in tumor tissues were 5-30-fold those in normal tissues, there was no correlation between the Her2/neu biomarker and tubulin isotype levels.
This discrepancy between our findings and previous results can be explained by the fact that Park et al [ 11] used 10-fold more GST-Nrg1 in their binding studies than we did.
Although the mobility frequency (3 × 10 -3- 0.25%) was greatly diminished, G3A was the least affected presumably reflecting a requirement for a purine and/or base pair at that position, whereas G3C and G3U had frequencies almost 100-fold lower.
Electrophoretograms were scanned by CCD camera (UltraLum) and the relative quantities were estimated (expressed as follow: (+) = under 100, (++) from 100 to 10,000, (+++) = more than 10,000 viruses per 10 5peripheral leukocytes processed) according the densities of pathogen-specific bands measured by Scionlmage ®software, using the standard curves of positive controls, which were derived from 10-fold dilution scales.
The correlation of the combined RT-PCR fold change data (based on average of log of the three measurements from each wild-type and each mutant sample) with the GeneChip ®log fold change data was .92 (95% CI = 0.86, 0.96) (Fig.
Treatment with 10 -7mol/L 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D increased (~2-fold) CaT1 mRNA by 2 h, the earliest time point investigated, and clearly elevated CaT1 expression by 5-fold at 4 h, with progressively higher expression (up to 14-fold) at the later time points.
For example the relative abundances of transcripts encoding RPs L9, L39, S24, S13, and S17 are 5-10-fold higher in NGF-treated PC12 cells than in the pooled brain library and transcripts for RP L28 are 8-fold lower.
2. Modeling a discrete limit fold change model
Thus, the mutant RENT is at least 30-fold more resistant to Plx1 than wild-type RENT.
At the 6 to 10 week time points, titers leveled off and the average titers induced by immunizations with B. lentus subtilisin were about 10 fold higher than BPN' Y217L.
The third type, a logarithm (base 2, base 10, or natural) of the unsigned fold change, is undoubtedly the most tractable.
This type of plot has been popular for microarray data, with the x - and y -axes corresponding to the mean intensity of the signals and their fold ratio, respectively, up to scaling constants [ 18 19 ] . For tag counts, the axes become the sum of the log counts and the fold change, respectively, with no rescaling necessary.
4-fold expression relative to normal control).
Comparison of the TBP and TAF II 135 levels in extracts from day 7 differentiated cells prepared in the presence of MG132 showed that they were indeed significantly reduced compared to undifferentiated cells or day 3 differentiated cells (approximately 3 fold, Fig.
We found that single changes in this sequence were sufficient to decrease readthrough by up to 30 fold in vivo.
The Washington Post runs the tax-cut story below the fold and leads instead with an extraordinary first-person epic that recounts a harrowing 500-mile trek through Taliban country.
Previous studies demonstrate that an acute bout of exercise or electrical stimulation is sufficient to significantly upregulate total VEGF mRNA levels in rat and human skeletal muscle within 1 hour [ 10 12 15 19 ] . We have replicated these previous findings by showing (through Northern analysis) that 1 hr. of treadmill running or electrical stimulation induces an approximately 3.5-fold upregulation in VEGF mRNA in rat gastrocnemius muscle (Figure 2and 3).
For example, gene 1 has fold change 2.47 and a tight confidence interval (2.
The presence of an analogous situation in the transglutaminases [ 30, 45] and the related NH 2 -acyltransferases [ 46] suggests that diverse acetyl/acyltransferase activities have been repeatedly derived in course of the evolution of the papain-like fold.
It is particularly interesting that, in both the bacterial and eukaryotic lineages, the ATP-grasp structural fold provided the starting point for the evolution of GshB.
A drastic effect on readthrough, up to 100 fold, was observed.
130 and 54 genes were induced in the H and G subclusters, respectively, using the same threshold settings as in Figure 3. Note the 2.5-fold induction of caudal (CG1759) in the G subcluster.
Lycopersicon esculentum ) showed similar results with respect to induction of mRNA for subunit A with an approximately two to four fold increase seen with respect to salt stress [ 60 ] . Recent work in the resurrection plant Tortula ruralis indicated that transcript levels of the proteolipid (subunit c) increased in response to salt stress but that there was no corresponding increase in protein levels [ 61 ] .
In repeated experiments with HIV-1 IIIB, soluble and micronized CAP, cellulose sulfate, poly(naphthalene sulfonate), poly(styrene-4-sulfonate) and BufferGel, respectively, caused a ≥ 140-fold reduction in infectivity, while dextran sulfate, carrageenan and Carbomer 974P (pH 7), respectively, were less effective (4- to 25-fold reduction in infectivity).
The WR strain was 3- to 6-fold less sensitive than IHD-J to several compounds including TAnthPS, CuHPIX, and TPP2FS, but was about 3-fold more sensitive to inhibition by TPP[2,6(OH)2].
2-fold), BARD-1 (3.
We can easily identify those genes with large fold changes and see the relationship between the average count and the fold change.
For example, if only the fold change and average difference values are needed, the pertinent boxes are checked and the 'Save As Series To Excel' button is pressed.
The WP and LAT play the story below the fold, the NYT reefers it, and USAT runs it on Page 5.
A detailed description (Additional data file 1) of the miRseeker output data, including the folded structures and evaluation of the top 208 miRseeker candidates, that can be accessed at [ 43 ] is available with the online version of this article.
With these two substrates, there was a 19-fold and 45-fold decrease in the k cat values when using biapenem and meropenem, respectively (Table 5).
The change in expression (ratio of day 56 measurements to day 1 for each patient as calculated by Affymetrix software) was defined for each transcript; these are referred to as fold change (FC) values.
In this case we combined a fold change with a statistical filter to determine significance.
Marked increases in intracellular ADR accumulation were found in MCF7/ADR cells, the increases being 2.7-fold, 2.3-fold and 1.5-fold, respectively.
3shows that fs-α 1S recovered a significant fraction of the voltage-activated Ca 2+transient compared to that express by full-length wt-α 1S . The magnitude of the fluorescence signal expressed by fs-α 1S was approximately 5-fold larger than the largest Ca 2+transient detected in non-transfected myotubes expressing Idys, >20-fold larger than the average Ca 2+transient detectable in non-transfected cells, and about 1/3 of the maximum SR Ca 2+release expressed by the control wt-α 1S construct.
Yield of progeny virus in 20 nM dsRNA-treated cells was found to be reduced by 10 fold, and was reduced by at least 10 4fold at 100 and 300 nM dsRNA (data not shown).
A 250-fold reduction in recombination would leave less than 0.1 crossovers per chromosome, so all three chromosomes in most of the rec12 mutant meioses are achiasmatic.
In a similar analysis, Panc02+RheoSwitch-3 and -4 demonstrated induction levels of 366- and 428-fold respectively.
Data from the Children's Hospital Medical Center in Cincinnati have shown that the incidence of type 2 diabetes among adolescents increased 10-fold from 1982 to 1994, and virtually all diagnosed cases of type 2 diabetes occurred in obese individuals [ 28 ] . These observations are likely to reflect national trends and certainly deserve both confirmation, and a sharper focus.
Four--Disney, Comcast, Cablevision, and TCI--are up 20-fold, two are up better than 10-fold, a couple are up seven-fold, and a couple have "only quadrupled."
Adrenalectomy produced a non-significant trend toward an increase in hypothalamic POMC mRNA in sham-operated mice, but a 5-fold induction of POMC mRNA in mice on the high-fat diet (Fig.
Analysis of these genes revealed a subset of transcripts that were enriched 2-15 fold in the cytoskeleton fraction relative to the cytosolic fraction (Table 1, top).
To maintain the low false-positive rate obtained with the combination of qualitative and quantitative criteria (approximately 0.6%) using only the quantitative fold change and average difference change criteria, the thresholds would have to be set very high (for example, fold change greater than ten and average difference change greater than 200).
Radiolabelled chemokine binding was absent in synovia treated with 1000-fold excess homologous non-radiolabelled chemokine, indicating that the binding sites were specific (Supplementary Fig.
Overplaying stories like Tripp means underplaying stories like yesterday's U.S. aircraft missile launch against an Iraqi anti-aircraft battery that was radar-illuminating a British aircraft--just above the fold at the LAT , bottom of the front at the WP and only in a reefer box on the USAT front.
Prior to use for Western blotting, brush border membrane vesicle suspensions were tested for enrichment of brush border enzymes and showed a 4 - 5-fold increase of alkaline phosphatase and a 10 - 11-fold increase in alpha-glucosidase activity using standard methods [ 19 ] . On densitometric evaluations of Western blots, IBAT concentrations were twice as high in heterozygotes as in controls (17 ± 3 vs. 5 ± 1 density units; p < 0.05) and four times as high in homozygotes (30 ± 4 vs. 5 ± 1 density units; p < 0.05) (Fig.
Subjecting NaCl adapted cells to salt stress resulted in an approximately four fold increase in both proton transport and ATP hydrolysis on isolated membranes compared to unadapted cells [ 58 ] . Remarkably this increase in overall V-ATPase activity coincided with an apparent reduction in the amount of enzyme on the tonoplast.
Only 16% of the differences between the 0.1 μg and 0.5 μg groups were ≥ fold, compared to 65% that were ≥ 2 fold when comparing the amplified samples to 10 μg samples.
This fact was clearly demonstrated by Kuo et al (2002) in their recent publication [ 6 ] . In this paper we compared the fold change (Affymetrix) and balanced differential expression (cDNA) with Northern blot expression.
The results, shown in Table III, demonstrate that production of IFN-γ is upregulated over controls, from 3.5-4 fold, for the CD8 +T cells from HIV +and aged donors.
Usually, low or negative expressions are truncated to a small number before calculating fold changes, and GeneChip also cautions against using fold changes when the baseline expression is absent.
Another way of viewing the data is to plot differences in the two counts, rather than their fold ratios, as a function of the mean log count.
In fact, such targets belong more in the category of fold recognition since it is clear that even a 20% identity alignment can easily result in a wrong fold assignment.
47 of the 74 RP transcripts were either invariant or showed changes of 2-fold or less; 10 individual transcripts decreased by 3-5 fold (L12, L18, L24, L28, L30, S15, S16, S18, S19 and S24) and one was elevated by more than 3-fold (L17).
These include the PAS-like fold, which is the scaffold of the PAS [ 11 12 ] , GAF [ 13 ] , and probably the CACHE [ 14 ] superfamilies, and the ACT-like fold, which is seen in ACT, ferredoxin and related ligand-binding domains [ 4 15 ] . Identification of such conserved domains has, often, improved our understanding of the general structural and biochemical features that underlie protein-small molecule interactions.
In this manner, the measurement accuracy of expression values propagates to the estimation of fold changes.
Competition with 100-fold excess unlabeled CD5X oligo eliminated complexes 1-3 (figure 6a, lane 3).
Models for recombination posit that gene conversion and reciprocal exchange (crossover recombination) are alternative outcomes of a common intermediate [ 11 ] . Intragenic recombination at the ade6 locus, a measure of gene conversion, was reduced more than 100-fold in rec12-117 mutants [ 33 ] , and we have obtained similar results with the rec12-117 , rec12-D15 , and rec12-Y98F mutants (Figure 2; W.D.
A 5-fold reduction in the number of structures was achieved therefore in less than two cell generations.
No dramatic differences in gene expression were detected; the single largest ratio was only 2.3-fold compared to the control.
47 of the 74 RP transcripts were either invariant or showed changes of 2-fold or less; 10 individual transcripts decreased by 3-5 fold (L12, L18, L24, L28, L30, S15, S16, S18, S19 and S24) and one was elevated by more than 3-fold (L17).
In these experiments calbindin D mRNA was 3-fold greater than control by 24 h.
Analysis of the 28-day in-hospital adjusted mortality rates revealed 3-fold variability among centers.
The method developed herein includes: (A) determination of the upper X% of highest fold changes within narrow bins of absolute expression levels in order to generate a limit fold change (LFC) function; and (B) subsequent ranking of genes by a combined fold change/absolute expression calculation.
Human Fhit protein, a member of the Fhit branch of the histidine triad superfamily of nucleotide-binding proteins, binds and hydrolyzes diadenosine polyphosphates such as ApppA and AppppA ( 1 ) into AMP plus ADP and ATP, respectively [ 8 9 10 ] . His96, which is responsible for covalent catalysis and more than 4× 10 6-fold of rate enhancement in ApppA hydrolysis [ 9 11 12 13 ] , is nonetheless dispensable for ApppA-binding and tumor suppression, suggesting that Fhit function in tumor suppression depends on formation of an E-S complex [ 2 12 ] . If Fhit-substrate complexes promote tumor suppression by stimulating a pro-apoptotic effector, then Fhit inhibitors that resemble natural substrates may promote Fhit function.
Analysis revealed a relatively high false positive error rate in the naïve versus axotomy (experimental) comparisons (16%) when using only a 2-fold criterion for regulated gene detection.
The basic DPBB fold consists of six β-strands and two variable regions, which are located after strand 2 and strand 5 and, at least in some case, adopt a helical conformation [ 62 63 64 ] . The domain can be further split into two symmetrical structural units, each with three core β-strands.
We can use Q to construct fixed-level tests and to invert them to obtain confidence intervals (CI) for fold changes [ 5].
For example, the transcript levels of 310 of these genes changed by 1.5-fold or more in MDA PCa 2a and 2b cells following 48 hours of exposure to R1881; transcripts for 262 genes changed by 1.5-fold or greater in single treatments of all four LNCaP androgen-deprived subclones; and transcripts for 81 genes changed by 1.5-fold or greater in the three LAPC-4 and LAPC-4 (androgen-deprived) array experiments.
Under repressing conditions (2% glucose), the level of SUC2 mRNA was increased by two-to-four fold in an nrg1Δ strain compared to a wild-type control (Figure 3A).
Erosion of the dorsal fin fold begins, back beyond the pectoral fin level.
Staining was shown to be specific in control experiments in which either the primary antibody was preincubated with a 50-fold molar excess of immunizing peptide before being applied to the section (anti-TGF-β 2 , anti-TGF-β 3 ), or the section was stained with an equivalent concentration of nonimmune rabbit immunoglobulin (anti-TGF-β 1 -LC, anti-TGF-β 1 -CC, and anti-LTBP).
In contrast, the magnitude of the day-night difference in liver represents a nearly 30 fold change (see Fig.
Structural comparisons using the DALI program [ 20], indicated that the core fold shared by the KilA-N and APSES domains is more distantly related to the LAGLIDADG site-specific DNA endonucleases and the amino-terminal domain of the tRNA splicing endonucleases (TEN domain) (Figure 1b) [ 21].
All fractions were then precipitated by 3% PEG and the redissolved pellets tested at 2- to 256-fold dilutions for infectivity (see Methods section).
Mean luciferase activity following low-volume jet injection was 10-100 fold lower than following particle bombardment.
In contrast, co-transfection with a DFz2 plasmid augmented Wg signaling more than 1000-fold above control levels and about 30-fold above levels observed with Wg alone, suggesting that DFz2 was required for efficient Wg signaling and, although detectable in S2 cells, was present in limiting amounts.
These changes in the rate constants for either agonist binding or channel opening also produce a 140 fold decrease in the observed EC 50 for 5-HT activation.
The Y142A mutation produced a 160 fold change in K i . This change reflects the binding energy lost as a result of the alanine substitution.
In the case of pNPP hydrolysis, others have reported both saturated and unsaturated fatty acyl coenzyme A esters stimulate PP5 activity, with concentrations required for half-maximal stimulation approximately 10-fold lower than those of their corresponding free fatty acids [ 21 ] . We therefore tested whether a saturated fatty acyl coenzyme A ester could also stimulate Ppt1p.
Expression changes observed in microarray experiments can, in principle and in the hands of some investigators, accurately reflect expression-level changes observed by northern or quantitative RT-PCR data [ 40 ] . However, other investigators (including ourselves) have found that both oligonucleotide and cDNA microarray consistently underestimate true fold changes in mRNA levels as measured by northern or RT-PCR [ 23 41 ] . This is most probably due to background hybridization to the array and signal normalization, and is not an issue for digital-expression profiling approaches such as SAGE.
2-fold induction over DMSO).
This mutation produced smaller changes in K i for 5-HT and m CPBG (24 fold for both) and only a 10 fold change for d -tc.
This method moves beyond setting a single fold change cut-off by considering fold change in the context of absolute expression [ 27 ] . In brief, this method includes: (A) the determination of the upper 5% of fold changes within narrow bins of absolute expression levels to determine a limit fold change (LFC) function; and (B) subsequent ranking of genes by a combined fold change/absolute difference calculation.
Where f exp and f calc are fold change values from experiment and calculation, respectively.
Rosen's school flourished in the early-'90s recession, when newspapers were folding, budgets were being slashed, and the Net was a place for wizards to swap software wands.
We present evidence demonstrating that hybridization time can in fact increase the accuracy of expression ratios (fold changes), relieving the observed compression in ratios, and that this effect may be more dramatic for larger fold changes (Figure 4).
The levels of α DCTX, representing the oldest form of CTX, were increased 2.4-fold and 1.7-fold in HC+ patients and in NC+ patients compared with NC- patients (Fig.
A similar increase was also observed for m CPBG (160 fold).
If the C-terminal negative charge was included, the disparity was over 6-fold.
FtsZ2 (D212G) has 200-fold lower GTPase than wild type [ 23], yet it can support division when overexpressed (however, this division occurs with a mini-cell phenotype at 30°C, and cell lysis occurs at 42°C) [ 24].
These observations suggest that the APSES, LAGLIDADG and TEN domains, together with the KilA-N domain, define a novel nucleic-acid-binding fold with a conserved (β 2 α) 2 core (Figure 1b).
However, removal of the TPR domain only modestly increases Ppt1p activity, in contrast to the 5-25 fold elevation reported after TPR removal from PP5 [ 19 20 ] . Although we cannot rule out the possibility that proteolyzed Ppt1p is unresponsive to lipid because it is unstable, the observations that the catalytic fragment remains undegraded and control activity is not decreased argue against this possibility.
For example, microarray data showing a 4-fold change derived from low signal intensities may have no statistical significance whereas a 1.4 fold change derived from strong signal intensities may be highly significant in terms of reflecting actual changes in mRNA concentration within a biological sample.
This concept is supported in the literature [ 12 ] and questions the appropriateness of using a linear fold change cut-off in a system characterized by heterogenous variance.
Transcript levels were shown to increase approximately 2-4 fold in seedlings treated with cold and salt stress.
The wild type p51 alone exhibited very low DNA binding affinity with a K d[DNA] 1300-fold higher than the wild type heterodimeric enzyme.
Surprisingly, we find that long-term NGF exposure leads to statistically significant changes in relative abundance of at least half of these transcripts by factors of up to nearly 5-fold.
As with the genes expressed at higher levels in culture compared to xenografts, searches were made for significantly enriched GO and MeSH term classes for the set of 134 genes with significantly higher expression ( p < 0.01, fold change > 2) in the A549 tumors over the A549 cell cultures and the set of 112 genes upregulated in the U118 tumors over the U118 cell cultures.
filamin : -DOX = 59 ± 11; +DOX = 318 ± 64; fold induction approximately 5. fwd : -DOX = 240± 7; +DOX = 2,303± 28; fold induction approximately 10.
USAT leads with the movement of U.S. naval forces towards the Persian Gulf, apparently positioning for a strike against Saddam Hussein, a story that is played on the WP front above the fold, but inside at the other majors.
[ 21 ] . The 5-fold lower frequency of activators in the lexA-GFP/peptide library may indicate a role for the C-terminal negative charge, the specific geometry, or the conformational flexibility of the fused (vs.
Th1P5 was activated 1.4-fold at 15 minutes (Figure 2b), while Th2P6 showed a 4.0-fold rate enhancement at 15 minutes (Figure 2c).
A draft smallpox vaccine information sheet (CDC's 11/20/2002 version, see Additional File 1) was placed inside each folded questionnaire.
Most dramatically, the percentages of BrdU +cells in fetal thymocytes were 10-fold higher than in the adult at the earliest, TN1 (CD44 +25 -) thymocyte differentiation stage (P < 0.001).
However when cefaclor was used as substrate, the I164A mutant exhibited a 3-fold decrease in K m and a 1.5-fold decrease in k cat (Table 3).
Controls to confirm specificity of oligonucleotide probes included hybridization of sections with labeled probe with a 1,000-fold excess of cold probe or labeled probe with a 1,000-fold excess of another, dissimilar cold probe of the same length and similar G-C content.
In control MDCK cells infected with empty virus, the water flux was significantly lower (approximately 10-fold), ranging from 0.2 to 1.4 μl/cm 2/hour.
However, the p66 INS/p66 INSand p66 INS/p51 INSmutants displayed nearly 6,000-fold and 400-fold reduction in catalytic efficiency (k cat /Km) compared to their wild type counterparts, respectively, on this template primer.
Thus, the Bro-N domain adopts an α + β fold; furthermore, the pattern of predicted secondary-structure elements was similar to that seen in the KilA-N domain and its relatives (Figure 3).
The fold change model presented in this paper considers both the absolute expression level and fold change of every gene across the entire range of observed absolute expressions.
Table 1 (see additional file 1) lists those genes previously shown to be regulated in various sciatic nerve injury models using a variety techniques, as well as the expression intensity, fold change and P value derived for these genes from the arrays.
On the other hand, it's also possible that the tax incentives would miraculously repay the federal coffers many fold.
The rec12-117 mutant was isolated in a genetic screen; the rec12-117 mutation reportedly confers a 100-fold or greater reduction of intragenic recombination and a 6-fold reduction of intergenic recombination [ 33 ] . To define more precisely the requirement for Rec12 in meiotic chromosome dynamics, we used gene replacement to generate a null ( rec12-D15 ) mutation and a mutation in the putative active site tyrosine ( rec12-Y98F ). We then determined the effects of these mutations upon intergenic (crossover) recombination within intervals of chromosomes
The levels of AA and DHA chosen were similar to that previously shown in rats to affect neurotransmitter levels and behavior [ 96 ] ; and were not excessively high, being 2-3 fold higher than that recommended for human babies who have a slower Δ6 desaturase activity than rodents.
1) at serial 5-fold dilutions (2-fold to 3.9 × 10 6-fold in 0.14 M NaCl-0.
(The Los Angeles Times puts the story on the front, but below the fold.)
The initial nuclear protein level of E2F-1 in the untreated TM2H cells was 4.8-fold higher compared with the TM10 cell line (Fig.
0-fold change in IC 50 (determined by VIRCOGEN™ [Tibotec-Virco NV, Mechelen, Belgium], a virtual phenotype assay) in comparison to the control virus.
The preformed E-TP complex was then incubated in the presence of next correct dNTP followed by addition of 300-fold molar excess of unlabeled TP as the DNA trap.
6-fold), as compared with tumor 7.
When visualizing the (1-X)-percentile fold change in each bin, one obtains a data distribution similar to that seen in Figure 1a.
The New York Times runs a banner headline across its top front and just underneath that, two big pictures: on the left, exiting British Governor Chris Patten, head bowed, holding his country's folded flag, and on the right, newly arrived Chinese soldiers raising theirs.
Each domain may subsequently be interrogated with the SCOP browser to provide superfamily, family and fold level information.
To explore these issues, we used dsRNAi to reduce the levels of Arr and DFz2 RNAs in S2 cells in which Wg signaling was stimulated, since others have shown that the expression of endogenous genes in these cells can be eliminated or reduced by direct application of T7-transcribed dsRNAs [ 15 16 ] . Using this approach (Figure 2), we found that the previously observed, approximately 30-fold stimulation of luciferase activity by the Wg expression plasmid was reduced by 70% or more when S2 cells were co-transfected with inhibitory RNAs for Arr, DFz2, or both (Figure 2A), implying that endogenous levels of both types of receptor are required for an efficient response to Wg.
However, when the structure was redrawn based on comparative analysis (Figure 2b) [ 13 ] , and the new helix containing the κ interacting element was deleted (nts 185-201), the frequency dropped over 1000-fold.
Therefore, the subsequently calculated fold increase from the test sample was extraordinarily high and deemed unreliable.
Here we report the behavior for further genomic properties that have not previously been found; in particular, for the occurrence of pseudogene and pseudomotif populations in the intergenic regions of genomes, the number of protein functions associated with a particular fold, and the number of expressed mRNA transcripts within a cell.
In the in vivo time course, 167 genes displayed differential expression (> 3-fold change in at least 70% of the samples) with IL-2 treatment.
For example, the results in Figure 2showed a relative error ([fold change expected - fold change observed]/fold change expected) of 17% which is low compared with higher errors reported elsewhere [ 25 ] . However, the data exhibited a low but consistent compression of the ratios (obtained from comparing the signal obtained from one transcript concentration to that obtained from the next dilution).
0 fold and 28 a greater than 2-fold difference in the N vs.
4B, co-expression of pGal4-hCCR4 with either pVP16-hCAF1 or pVP16-hPOP2 elicited a significant increase (> 35 fold) in pG4-TK-Luc expression, thus demonstrating association between hCCR4 and either hCAF1 or hPOP2.
Although many studies have used microarray technology for expression profiling, the criteria for determining putatively regulated genes from such analyses remain poorly defined, the current standard being a >2-fold difference in replicate arrays.
The Washington Post has Mir on the front but below the fold, while making its top national story the sudden departure of Rep.
As was observed for 5-HT, the Y142A mutation produced a large increase in K i (160 fold) while the Y14 0A and Y152A mutations produced only 7 and 24 fold changes respectively.
The greater than 2-fold increase in Caspase 3 activation is associated with a 1.8-fold increase in PARP cleavage (Fig.
Neither exploiting the Wound nor shunning it, Dole has folded it into his life, establishing the Dole Foundation to help the disabled, pushing the Americans With Disabilities Act through Congress, and going out of his way to align himself with the physically impaired.
Comparison of reactions in the absence and presence of CM showed that the specific PEDF-binding to Y-79 cell-surface receptors was 6.8-fold higher with conditioned medium than with defined medium (Fig.
Only spots with fluorescence signals 1.5-fold greater than background in either the experimental or reference samples were included in the analysis.
In contrast, activation by GFP-C/EBPα was a statistically insignificant 1.88 +/- 1.48-fold (Fig.
Therefore, we conclude that secretory proteins must contain information, in addition to the signal sequence and slow folding characteristics, that targets them to the secretory pathway or that cytoplasmic proteins contain information that prevents export even if the folding parameters are altered.
An increase in the number of replicates is preferable to reliance upon magnitudes of fold changes, as the latter is not always linearly related to target concentration and is extremely variable for low transcript concentrations.
In contrast, anisomycin (500 ng/ml, 30 min) produced a significant increase in JNK activation (approximately 2-fold above basal).
Generally, the S224A and S224K mutants exhibited small changes in K m and k cat , while the S224D mutant yielded 20- to 40-fold increased values for K m and >10-fold decreases in k cat when using the penicillins as substrates.
Of these, approximately 10% were regulated by more than 3-fold in response to NGF and approximately 4% by 6-fold or more.
Therefore, the turnover number for the RNAseH activity needed to reach the detection limit in our assays is about 43,000-fold less than the 40 cycles observed for the polymerase activity under very similar conditions.
has shown that this reduced proliferation is not intrinsic to Rag mutant thymocytes, but rather is secondary to thymic microenvironment defects in Rag mutants [ 37 ] . Our results show that at fetal stages, Rag mutant thymocytes have a proliferation profile that is much more similar to wild type thymocytes at the same stage, with less than a 2-fold difference in the percentage of proliferating cells at any stage.
Specifically, AD sacross-array CV was 3.2- to 6.4-fold higher than the within-array CV.
The Affymetrix algorithm implemented in its Microarray Suite 4.0 package (referred hereafter as MAS4) uses empirical rules derived from its internal research data to assign absolute calls for the significance of gene presence and assign fold change calls for the significance of expression variations.
For example, microarray data showing a 4-fold change derived from low signal intensities may have no statistical significance whereas a 1.4 fold change derived from strong signal intensities may be highly significant in terms of reflecting actual changes in mRNA concentration within a biological sample.
As shown in Table 4, reintroduction of wild-type HNT2 produced a 40 to 125-fold reduction in intracellular concentrations of ApppN and a two to seven-fold reduction in levels of AppppN.
1%), ventilator support (varied 3.2-fold, 95% CI 2.1-fold to 4.9-fold; range 11.
OA contributed the hairpin OCP idea and performed initial hairpin OCP design and hairpin folding experiments, and edited the manuscript.
The problem is exacerbated for transcripts with small differences in expression (low fold changes).
Following completion of conceptus elongation, IL-1β gene expression and secretion rapidly decline and expression levels are more than 2000-fold lower in day 15 compared to day 12 filamentous conceptuses.
Non-specific hybridization is a characteristic of cDNA microarray hybridization and may be attributed to the uniform hybridization condition applied for all sequences on the chip [ 4 6 7 ] . The frequently used fold change threshold values of 2-3 to define a significant change are often arbitrarily chosen and do not take into account the statistical significance of absolute signal intensity.
The two conserved sequence motifs involved in ATP binding do provide a link between eukaryotic GshBs and the ATP-grasp superfamily, but it is rather tenuous, as it is possible that these sequences provide the best way to bind ATP within the context of this structural fold and have evolved by convergent evolution in eukaryotic GshBs and the ATP-grasp superfamily members.
No fold change in expression is represented by zero, induction is positive and repression is negative.
When compared to spherical conceptuses there was almost a 12-fold increase in mRNA expression for OSU-T1-50 in tubular conceptuses while expression in filamentous conceptuses increased over 100-fold.
In contrast, use of pressor support varied only 1.9-fold (95% CI 1.4-fold to 2.6-fold) across centers, ranging from 31.
Changes in thymocyte cell number and differentiation after culture were highly variable; for example, cell numbers could differ stochastically after culture by as much as 10-fold between two lobes from the same compound mutant embryo.
Thus the fold change around 2.5 for gene 11 is not as trustworthy as that for gene 1. Further examination reveals that this is due to the large SEs relative to the expression indexes for gene 11.
The main differences in the fit appear at the tail of the distribution, at high fold occurrences.
Organic phosphate compounds are the central metabolites of all biological systems [ 1 2 ] . Some are the basic building blocks of nucleic acids, some like ATP and GTP, are additionally, cellular energy stores, others like cAMP or cGMP are messengers in signal transduction, and, yet others, such as FAD, NAD, thiamine phosphates and pyridoxal phosphate are cofactors for a range of enzymes [ 1 2 ] . Protein domains belonging to a relatively small set of structural folds are known to bind or catalyze reactions that utilize these organic phosphate compounds (see SCOP database: http://scop.mrc-lmb.cam.ac.uk/scop/) [ 3 4 ] . Several of these folds trace back to some of the earliest phases of the evolution of the protein world, and participate in a wide range of disparate biological functions in extant proteins [ 4 5 ] . Some folds, such as the P-loop fold, the Rossmann fold and the Hsp70-like fold, have been well studied, and comprise mainly of dedicated nucleotide binding or hydrolyzing proteins [ 6 7 8 9 ] . Others, such as the palm-domain, which is found in adenylyl cyclases and various nucleic acid polymerases, belong to more generalized protein folds that contain representatives with diverse biochemical activities [ 4 10 11 ] . Current availability of extensive genome sequence data, allows one to identify less numerous, nevertheless biological important organic phosphate-binding domains that may have previous eluded detection.
The fold difference was calculated as (IL-2-treated)/(untreated).
With the Jeffrey lab protocol, less than 4% of genes showed changes in expression level by 2-fold or greater.
miRseeker subjects conserved intronic and intergenic sequences to an RNA folding and evaluation procedure to identify evolutionarily constrained hairpin structures with features characteristic of known miRNAs.
It seems the two algorithms have very close performance Table 1. They all have greater error margins for calculating down-regulated fold changes (captured by R err2 ) than up-regulated ones (captured by R err1 ). MAS4 is more asymmetric than MOID in this aspect.
my only response would be, "Fluff & fold?"
Conklin, personal communication), and others to calculate fold changes using only PM probes (F.
• The highest fold change (HFC) of gene k is defined as the following:
Use of these compounds in E. coli occurs by a broad substrate enzyme encoded by the dmsABC operon located at 20 minutes on the chromosome [ 1 2 3 ] . The 100-fold activation of dmsABC gene expression in response to anaerobiosis is controlled by the Fnr regulatory protein [ 4 ] . Following a re-examination, the dmsABC P1 transcription start site was located 223 nucleotides upstream of the translational start of dmsA [ 5 6 ] . This centers the Fnr binding site (TTGATnnnnAACAA) at -41.
An increase in K i of 50 fold was observed for d -tc on this mutant.
Thus, the retrovirus allows 20 to 30-fold overexpression of the transfected receptor.
The latter is consistent with the demonstration that c-Raf function is not mediated by the MAPK/ERK cascade [ 59 ] . Moreover, although we find an increase in total Raf protein (Table 2), no increase in activated c-Raf is found; we also see a 2-fold increase in activated Caspase 3 but no change in total Caspase 3 protein.
In fact, such targets belong more in the category of fold recognition since it is clear that even a 20% identity alignment can easily result in a wrong fold assignment.
Many researchers use an 'ad hoc' approach: for example, the 'fold change' for each gene is considered, where fold change is defined as the ratio of gene expression in a test condition to that in a control condition.
Estrogenic steroids regulate cellular function in a wide variety of tissues [ 1 ] . During human pregnancy, the production of 17-beta-estradiol (E2) rises eighty fold, from 0.75 nM preovulatory peak to 60 nM at term [ 2 3 4 5 ] , and estrogens influence various aspects of placental function and fetal development in humans and primates [ 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ] . Several previous studies have shown that human placenta binds estradiol [ 13 14 15 ] . However, more recent immunohistochemical studies on paraffin-embedded or snap frozen sections as well as other techniques (RT-PCR for ER-alpha mRNA) failed to demonstrate estrogen receptor alpha (ERα) in human placentae during pregnancy or in cultures of dispersed placental cells [ 16 17 ] . However, it has been indicated that the failure to detect the ERα does not entirely preclude the presence of this receptor in human trophoblast cells, but might be attributed to a relatively low number and density of ERα molecules on these cells [ 17 ] . On the other hand, Billiar et al.
They come in several hundred varieties, but the best known folding fans are made of fragrant sandalwood or black paper.
Versatile globular domains appear to have emerged fairly early in evolution in various fold classes, such as the α/β or α+β mixed folds, or the all-α and all-β folds [ 5, 8].
Visualization of the data in rotated coordinates reveals the relationship between average count and fold changes
The reversal effects of 20, 10 and 5 μM NOM were 21-fold, 12-fold and 8-fold, respectively.
As shown in Table 2, we find 18 proteins which have both a 1.5-fold or greater change with NF-κB inhibition and are specifically related to the
Purified E-FABP has five fold higher affinity for 18:0, than for 18:1n9 and 20:4n6 (22:6n3 not studied) [ 69 ] . Herein, hepatic E-FABP expression (Fabp5 transcript) was down regulated by all three diets (-5.
The results for each spot (or gene) include an absolute call of present (P) or absent (A) (a call of present indicates that the signal was greater than the regional background AND greater than the local background measured in the four corners surrounding the individual spot), the scaled intensity, the difference between the scaled fluorophore intensities, the fold change or ratio of the two-color intensities (expression ratio), and a qualitative difference or change call of I, MI, D or MD (change calls are based on the fold changes across the duplicate spot data).
Discrepancy in fold change calculation for a given gene
Tran and Chan [ 13 ] found a preferentially uptake (three fold higher after four hours of incubation) of gamma-tocopherol compared to alpha-tocopherol in cultured human umbilical endothelial cells.
Using a paired t-test we found 31 probesets with p-value smaller than 0.05 and greater than 2-fold higher expression in the dorsal spinal cord (Table 1).
They are not secreted from cells, but remain trapped intracellularly [ 18 ] . In addition to various glycosylated LHR variants, western blotting also yielded a 170 kDa band representing an LHR dimer [ 19 ] . LH binds to LHR variants with different affinities, and highest affinity appears to be associated with the fully glycosylated receptor (~90 kDa) [ 19 ] . Chorionic gonadotropin (CG), which is important for corpus luteum (CL) rescue and maintenance of pregnancy, also binds to LHR, although with a 10-fold lower binding affinity compared with that of LH [ 20 ] .
During the last Congress, Gingrich rehabilitated convicted felon Michael Deaver as a Republican adviser in good standing, while the Dole campaign brought such notorious sleaze-meisters as Lyn Nofziger, Paul Manafort, Charlie Black, and John Sears back into the fold.
The off-lead at the LAT , the WP and NYT , which USAT plays on the front below the fold, is Boris Yeltsin's decision to name Yevgeny Primakov, his current foreign minister, as his new prime minister.
Approximately 22 unique mRNAs exhibited 2-fold or more enrichment in the cytoskeleton-associated samples.
VhaSFD : -DOX = 4.8 ± 1.2; +DOX = 20 ± 5.5; fold induction approximately 4. Sugar baby : -DOX = 1.5 ± 0.5; +DOX = 12.
Genes were selected for cluster analysis on the following criteria: the signal intensity was at least 100 units above the background; among all probe pairs for any given gene, at least one pair had the probe 2 versus probe 1 ratio larger than 2.5-fold; and no more than one missing value among all probe pairs was allowed for a given gene.
Studies conducted at the Medical College of Georgia (MCG) in the mid-1980's have shown that transcranial doppler (TCD) can identify children at high risk for stroke by detecting high flow rate in major intracranial arteries [ 8 9 ] . Children with flow velocities of 200 cm/sec or higher in middle cerebral or internal carotid arteries (normal = 140-170 cm/sec for sickle cell children) had a stroke risk of 10-15% per year, which represents a 20-fold increase over that for unselected children with sickle cell disease.
In a different cDNA array study, also recently published, 16 genes were identified to be regulated by at least 2-fold one week after sciatic axotomy [ 8 ] . Of these, seven were also identified by our study.
5-fold difference).
Comparative modelling and fold recognition
5-fold over control levels, many genes identified as differentially expressed in these studies would not have been included in our libraries.
Different methodologies and strategies for reducing noise include establishing an arbitrary global threshold for fold-changes [ 9 ] , noise-filtering look up tables [ 8 ] , normalization techniques to make microarrays comparable, such as using ANOVA methods to provide estimates of changes in gene expression that are corrected for potential confounding effects [ 10 11 ] , and using replicate experiments to estimate the variability in reported gene expression [ 12 ] . Applying fold change thresholds has been the most common method of reducing noise by filtering out the false positives [ 8 9 13 ] . However, much of the work done to date has focused on decreasing noise within the same generation and has not addressed the issue of comparability across generations.
Interestingly, the conversion of these mutants to latent forms was ~3-4 fold faster than wtPAI-1, suggesting that the Asp355-Pro357 segment is involved in maintaining the inhibitory conformation of PAI-1.
Before this study, structure determination, biochemical studies and sequence comparisons of 2OG-Fe(II) dioxygenases [ 1, 9] had elucidated their structural fold, active-site residues and reaction mechanism.
The NYT has good evidence disputing this claim, but buries it below the fold: in 1984, Gore backed a proposal to broaden the definition of "person" in civil rights laws to include "unborn children from the moment of conception."
The largest changes in gene-expression levels were observed in this cluster: the genes for CCAAT-binding transcription factor-B (NF-YB) (12-fold), SYBL1 (8-fold) and aminopeptidase A (5-fold).
7-fold (60 ng versus 1000 ng).
In addition, we also detected another peptide, C-type natriuretic peptide (CNP), which is expressed at 2-fold higher levels in the dorsal spinal cord.
This effect is seen more dramatically in the contour plot for HSF1 , for which the highly dispersed, somewhat inconsistent ratios of 0.9-fold, 3-fold and 5-fold were observed.
Therefore, the 5% LFC model appears to be an appropriate selection criteria for the present experimental data set; however, the fold change percentage could easily be varied to meet other acceptable levels of risk, as is done with conventional hypothesis testing ( e.g. α-, p -, and χ 2-values).
On the basis of the results of database searches with representative sequences, we delineated several distinct families within the 2OG-Fe(II) dioxygenase fold and constructed individual alignments for each using the ClustalW program [ 24].
1B, relative phosphorylation levels of RARα decreased by 3 fold, similar to the reduction in cyclin H and cdk7 expression.
More risky, since I'm not tall, is my cavalier hat in silvery, streaked brown and black velvet, with a biggish mobile brim for folding up and down at will, fore and aft or amidships.
the miRseeker output data, including the folded structures and evaluation of the top 208 miRseeker candidates,
The expectation is that a map based on loci that are spaced at intervals of 1 cM ( c = 0.01 in an intercross) will be expanded approximately 3.66-fold.
Here, using sequence profile searches, we show that many other protein families contain the same constellation of active-site residues and are predicted to adopt the same fold.
A WP front-pager reports that damages awarded to 500,000 Floridian smokers in a class-action suit could not be paid in a lump sum, saving the tobacco industry from a multibillion dollar verdict that might have forced some of the small companies to fold.
Figure 1), but both wild-type and mutant LRP6, unlike the LRP homolog Arr, activated signaling about 10- to 15-fold alone, 2- to 4-fold when co-transfected with Wg, and 4- to10-fold when co-transfected with DFz2.
The three tetracysteine motifs do not form a stably folded structure on its own, but when combined with the 14 kDa C-terminal domain, forms a stably folded 268 amino acid DNA binding domain (ZD domain) that has higher affinity for single-stranded DNA than the 121 amino acid 14 kDa C-terminal region by itself [ 6 ] . Recent sequence and structural analysis suggests that the 14 kDa domain is evolutionarily related to the three tetracysteine motifs and belongs to the zinc ribbon family [ 7 ] . The ZD domain in E. coli topoisomerase I probably evolved from a domain that binds five Zn(II) originally.
Treatment with 10 -7mol/L 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D increased (~2-fold) CaT1 mRNA by 2 h, the earliest time point investigated, and clearly elevated CaT1 expression by 5-fold at 4 h, with progressively higher expression (up to 14-fold) at the later time points.
3% received low-dose dopamine only (<5 μg/kg per min); the proportion varied 7-fold (95% CI 2.4-fold to 20.
We first calculate the probability that a virion produced by an n -fold coinfected cell is pure.
Organic phosphate compounds are the central metabolites of all biological systems [ 1 2 ] . Some are the basic building blocks of nucleic acids, some like ATP and GTP, are additionally, cellular energy stores, others like cAMP or cGMP are messengers in signal transduction, and, yet others, such as FAD, NAD, thiamine phosphates and pyridoxal phosphate are cofactors for a range of enzymes [ 1 2 ] . Protein domains belonging to a relatively small set of structural folds are known to bind or catalyze reactions that utilize these organic phosphate compounds (see SCOP database: http://scop.mrc-lmb.cam.ac.uk/scop/) [ 3 4 ] . Several of these folds trace back to some of the earliest phases of the evolution of the protein world, and participate in a wide range of disparate biological functions in extant proteins [ 4 5 ] . Some folds, such as the P-loop fold, the Rossmann fold and the Hsp70-like fold, have been well studied, and comprise mainly of dedicated nucleotide binding or hydrolyzing proteins [ 6 7 8 9 ] . Others, such as the palm-domain, which is found in adenylyl cyclases and various nucleic acid polymerases, belong to more generalized protein folds that contain representatives with diverse biochemical activities [ 4 10 11 ] . Current availability of extensive genome sequence data, allows one to identify less numerous, nevertheless biological important organic phosphate-binding domains that may have previous eluded detection.
A 3-fold increase in anaerobic activation of dmsA-lacZ expression was observed for the consensus Fnr site (300-fold) relative to the 114-fold anaerobic activation by Fnr seen for the native dmsA sequence (Figure 1, λJA303 and λJA250, respectively).
We then introduced into each line a plasmid containing a luciferase reporter downstream of multimerized Gli binding sites and a minimal promoter [ 20 ] . An isolated stable clone of the 10T1/2 cell transfectants (referred to as clone S12) gave a 10-20-fold up-regulation of luciferase activity (Figure 1a) when stimulated with Hh protein [ 21 ] for 24 hours.
This suggests that despite the absence of significant sequence similarity, the NlpC/P60 domain is likely to contain a structural core corresponding to the classical papain-like protease fold (Figure 2).
2-fold and 2.4-fold compared with NC- patients and with postmenopausal patients).
TYRP-1 expression was higher than that of TSP-1 but lower than that of OPN (10-fold to 50-fold).
William Weld's decision to abandon his quest for the ambassadorship to Mexico leads at the New York Times , and is the number two story at USAT and the WP . (The LAT plays it on the front too, but below the fold.)
Overexpression of PLD2 for 48 hours in the cells caused a 74% increase of basal PLD2 activity and this activity was further increased by PMA by 3.2-fold (Fig.
Genes were chosen for further study by being up- or down-regulated by at least 2.5-fold compared to controls in at least one of the four probe pairs.
8C) shows more than three fold increased expression in trophoblast cultures as compared to the CV and time 0 protein extracts.
A 2-fold to 3-fold increase of β-catenin level in the mammary glands of transgenic mice also results in aberrant differentiation and tumors [ 34 35 ] . Thus while it is possible that a greater than 2-fold increase in β-catenin level would have a neoplastic effect on adult neurons, evidence from other transgenic models suggests the increased protein level in our mice could be sufficient for tumor promotion.
The results are shown in Table 3. A 50 to 100 fold increase in readthrough activities was observed, demonstrating that very high levels of suppression were reached.
In this system, the secondary structure of an RNA molecule is taken as a predictor of the fitness of the underlying sequence [ 31 32 33 34 35 36 ] . RNA folding has the advantage that all genotypes can be separated naturally into only two classes, the viable ones (those that fold into a particular target structure) with fitness 1, and the non-viable ones (those that fail to fold into that exact structure), which are assigned fitness 0. Such a classification permits a precise mathematical analysis, while at the same time many important properties of high-dimensional fitness landscapes are retained [ 37 ] . The set of all viable sequences can be decomposed into smaller sets called neutral networks [ 38 39 ] . Two viable sequences belong to the same neutral network if one sequence can be transformed into the other through a series of single point mutations, without passing through a sequence with lower fitness along the way.
We used one-sample, two-sided t-tests on the reported GeneChip ®fold changes to assess whether the log fold changes of mutant cell strains differ from zero on average.
The New York Times puts the story above the fold, but leads with Iraq's latest weapons inspection snit and off-leads with word that driven by budget constraints as much as by the reduced threat of nuclear attack, the Pentagon is quietly recommending unilateral reductions in U.S. nuclear warheads.
47 of the 74 RP transcripts were either invariant or showed changes of 2-fold or less; 10 individual transcripts decreased by 3-5 fold (L12, L18, L24, L28, L30, S15, S16, S18, S19 and S24) and one was elevated by more than 3-fold (L17).
Thus, deletion of hnt2 afforded a 48-fold increase in ApppN in ade2 mutants, consistent with an earlier report of a 31-fold effect [ 13 ] , but a 211-fold increase in ADE2 strains.
Extrapolating from mice to humans, the dose of SVS administered in this study was approximately 400-fold higher than the average dose given to humans.
Previously, such systematic differences in the two technologies were reported [ 6 ] . For example, perforin showed a 103-fold change in the Affymetrix array, whereas the cDNA microarray showed only a balanced differential expression of 3.8-fold.
The present model takes this into account by raising the criteria appropriately at the low expression range, i.e. a higher fold change at low expression levels is required for a gene to be considered differentially expressed.
5-fold (P < 0.05) in the DRG 3 days after sciatic nerve axotomy.
Consistent with previously published results, a mig1Δ mutant had a nine- to-fourteen fold increase in SUC2 mRNA levels while a mig2Δ mutant had no detectable defect in glucose repression of SUC2 [ 4, 12].
The 114-fold anaerobic activation seen for the wild-type dmsA promoter was reduced to about 35-fold in each of the two mutants (Figure 1), indicating that the position of the Fnr site at the wild-type dmsA promoter is important for controlling optimal dmsA gene expression.
The largest observed changes in expression are in the range of 3-5 fold.
The same genotypes examined here were also tested in undiluted LB, which is a medium that is roughly 100-fold more concentrated.
Ignoring the qualitative calls in an analysis of the replicate 129SvEv cerebellum data and using only quantitative thresholds (a fold change greater than 1.8 and an average difference change greater than 50) yielded a long list of 715 genes scored as differentially expressed.
In addition, preliminary micro-array gene profiling of HIV-1-infected tubular epithelium showed that cyclin D 1 expression is up-regulated several fold when compared to uninfected tubular epithelium (Michael Ross, personal communication).
As previously reported, the full-length LAP-form of C/EBPβ induced the RIIβ promoter 5-6-fold, whereas the C/EBPβ LIP-form lacking the transactivating region had no effect.
Antisense BRCA1 clones 1, 3 and 4 showed a 10-fold to 16-fold increase in cell number between days 5 and 8 after estrogen treatment compared with only a threefold to fivefold increase of cell number in NEO clones and BG-1 parental cells (Fig.
6, expression of the G1 phase markers p21 WAF1/Cip1and p27 Kip1in the mutant RARα clones was up to 3 fold higher compared to control cells.
Moreover, in the present study, only mutations that re-created exactly the same RNA folding as the wild-type were deemed compensatory, while in nature even a modified secondary structure may have a tertiary structure that is sufficiently close to the wild-type that no fitness loss is incurred [ 45 ] , which means that compensatory mutations in natural RNA structures may be even more frequent that in our computational model.
Specific binding was obtained by subtracting non-specific binding (in the presence of a 100-fold excess unlabeled EGF) from total binding.
The results indicate that slow folding is not sufficient for SecB binding and subsequent targeting to translocase and further, that secretory proteins contain targeting information in addition to the signal sequence and the folding kinetics.
The DSBH fold that comprises the core domain of the 2OG-Fe(II) dioxygenases is also present in a large number of proteins typified by the arabinose-binding domain of the transcription regulator AraC, plant seed proteins such as vicilin, and oxalate oxidase ([ 29]; see SCOP [ 12]).
However, with ADGE microarray, there were 63 genes >4 fold up-regulated, 220 genes 2-4 fold up-regulated, 92 genes 2-4 fold down-regulated and 14 genes >4 down-regulated.
Under the fold, the Post calls a foul on Bill Bradley for reneging on his promise to play a chivalrous campaign game; the Democratic hopeful has taken verbal jabs at his competitor Al Gore recently.
The genes selected showed expression differences between 2 to 7-fold by DNA microarray.
The yield from the second round represented an approximately 100-fold amplification, resulting in an overall amplification of 1-5 × 10 5. Probes for hybridization were synthesized by RT and labeled with either Cy5 (red) or Cy3 (green).
Pseudotyped retroviruses containing the vesicular stomatitis virus G protein are more robust, and can be concentrated more than 100-fold by ultracentrifugation without significant loss of viral infectivity.
The results showed that 20, 10 and 5 μM NOM significantly increased the sensitivity of MCF7/ADR cells to ADR, the degrees of reversal being 21-fold, 12-fold and 8-fold, respectively (Fig.
President Clinton, in a televised speech shortly after the strikes were announced, appealed to a UN report released earlier in the week that documented Iraq's systematic obstruction of the UN's weapons inspection efforts in violation of promises it made last month, a report that was the NYT 's off-lead yesterday, and was below the fold at USAT , but was inside elsewhere.
However, in several cases the first Alu I site was not recognized by the enzyme despite the use of an at least 4-fold excess of enzyme units compared to the amount of cDNA, indicating site preferences of this restriction enzyme that may depend on the context of the recognition sequence [ 22 ] . This did not affect the analysis of fingerprints in mixed clone analyses reported below as the same site preference was also observed under these conditions.
Only a 4.6 fold change in K i resulted from the Y140A mutation.
On the other hand when carbapenems were used as substrates, the Tyr228 mutants exhibited < 6-fold increases in K m values as compared to those values for wild-type L1 (Table 5).
5 fold compared to that obtained before room temperature incubation.
As seen in Figure 4C, the percentage of CD4 +T cells producing IL-4 upon PMA+ionomycin restimulation was increased more than 6-fold when 5A6 anti-CD81 mAb had been added to the initial anti-CD3 culture.
In a Prl suppressor strain, however, the proofreading function would be compromised and the mutant protein would be exported [ 8 ] . In the experiments described here, we tested this hypothesis by examining the export of such a cytoplasmic protein with a folding mutation.
As shown in Figure 2, tRNA-dependent lysine incorporation was increased 2.1-fold by expression of KRS1 from a multicopy plasmid.
Consistent data, even when relatively dispersed (ratios 3-fold, 5-fold and 10-fold), as for GCR1 , shows this effect but with a greater slope in the likelihood surface.
Significantly elevated (~5-fold) levels of OPN transcripts were observed in cells of epithelial origin dissected from primary carcinomas and associated metastases over nonmalignant cell sources.
Another notable fusion is with a specific version of the HD hydrolase domain [ 19 ] , which is also found fused to the C-terminus of the HSP70-fold domain in the exopolyphosphatase (PPX) (Fig.
The rationale for defining 'regions' and 'super-regions' came from our observation that RNA folding algorithms would not necessarily identify characteristic pre-miRNA structures if they were folded within the context of longer RNAs, owing to base-pairing with non-miRNA sequence.
We have generated a web interface where folded structures and evaluation of the top 208 miRseeker candidates may be accessed [ 43 ] .
JunB expression was also decreased by up to 20 fold in mutant RARα expressing cells.
The entire cytoplasmic region has been classified as a novel β-rich fold with no relatives in the SCOP database [ 6].
All fold changes were subjected to a student's t -test (α = 0.05) to ensure fold changes observed by RT-PCR were statistically significant.
The third CASP saw consistent but little progress relative to CASP2 in both comparative modelling and fold recognition categories [ 20 21 ] , but the most dramatic results were observed in the ab initio category.
Yield of progeny virus in 20 nM dsRNA-treated cells was found to be reduced by 10 fold, and was reduced by at least 10 4fold at 100 and 300 nM dsRNA (data not shown).
Post-cloacal somites are now forming and the dorsal fin fold appears.
The addition of H 2 O 2 resulted in a 4.5-fold average intensity increase (349.
3 fold) and Q150A - K153A (6 - 8 fold).
The major findings are: (i) The ablation is highly efficient: nanomolar concentrations of dsRNA can lead to a 10-20 fold reduction of the corresponding protein.
(The Post plays that story lower, but above its fold.)
Finally, the β-lactamase fold consists of two subdomains of the β4-α-β-α topology whose β sheets are sandwiched against each other; in structural terms, these domains are completely different from the TIM-barrel, with which the ORF program matched the MJ0301 structural prediction.
Table 2compares all the predictions we made for CASP4 using comparative modelling and fold recognition methods.
Some well studied examples of these peptidases include Zn-dependent peptidases of the Hedgehog carboxy-terminal domain fold and the DD-peptidases with a PAS domain-like fold [ 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17].
Clone #2 had 8.4-fold higher luciferase activity with GS-E treatment.
In some cases (such as miR-4 and miR-100), the nontranscribed strand actually adopts a fold with longer continuous helices than does the transcribed strand.
3% received low-dose dopamine only (<5 μg/kg per min); the proportion varied 7-fold (95% CI 2.4-fold to 20.
The sixth position after the conserved basic residue is invariably occupied by a bulky residue that is either arginine (in AlkB) or phenylalanine or tryptophan in all other members of this fold [ 8, 9, 10] (Figure 1).
The partially modified cRNA generates more ratios in the one to 1.5 fold change bin and fewer ratio changes in the other bins.
Cell were fixed in Zamboni's solution, rinsed 3-fold in PBS, and incubated with mouse anti-ERα or ERβ monoclonal antibodies (1:10 dilution) for at least 1 h at room temperature.
p value of less than 0.05 to define a significant gene-expression increase, and a fold change of less than -1.
Vehicle-treated Min /+ mice displayed a 2-fold increase in their capacity to generate PGE 2 when compared to wild type mice (figure 2).
Lerisetron inhibited [ 3H]-granisetron binding with a K i value of 150 ± 36; an increase of 190 ± 43 fold compared to wildtype values.
Genes for RecT/Redβ superfamily proteins are associated with genes encoding a λ-type exonuclease (LE) of the type II restriction enzyme fold, RecE, which also might be a divergent member of this fold, and a nuclease of the Endonuclease VII (EndoVII) fold [ 7 34 ] (Fig.
These DNA circles are amplified in the powerful homogeneous ERCA reaction capable of 10 12-fold signal amplification [ 6 ] , similar to that achieved with PCR technology, the current gold standard in genetic analysis and quantitation.
The magnification of a power function was found up to a 6-fold input ratio or 30-fold detected ratio.
Thus, deletion of hnt2 afforded a 48-fold increase in ApppN in ade2 mutants, consistent with an earlier report of a 31-fold effect [ 13 ] , but a 211-fold increase in ADE2 strains.
To determine the overall number of gene-expression changes in each GO term, an additional criterion of a fold change greater than 1.2 or less than -1.
When the percentage of cells was corrected for cell number, there was a 3.7-fold increase in CD11b +cells in the spleen of IL-10 -/-mice.
3 fold increase in the amount of its product [ 3H]phosphatidylpropanol relative to controls) was observed after 45 minutes (data not shown), a time period employed in subsequent studies.
In comparison, Combes et al . [ 1 ] recorded a four fold increase in MP count in HUVEC culture stimulated overnight with TNFα when compared to control cells.
The rate of pneumococcal bacteremia is about 100-fold higher in patients with than in patients without HIV infection [ 21 ] . Because most of the blood stream infections were community acquired and the most common source of infection was pneumonia, Staphylococci were less frequent than
This opens a possibility for obtaining a distribution of fold change values.
The three tetracysteine motifs do not form a stably folded structure on its own, but when combined with the 14 kDa C-terminal domain, forms a stably folded 268 amino acid DNA binding domain (ZD domain) that has higher affinity for single-stranded DNA than the 121 amino acid 14 kDa C-terminal region by itself [ 6 ] . Recent sequence and structural analysis suggests that the 14 kDa domain is evolutionarily related to the three tetracysteine motifs and belongs to the zinc ribbon family [ 7 ] . The ZD domain in E. coli topoisomerase I probably evolved from a domain that binds five Zn(II) originally.
A first node including 52 genes consistently upregulated (at least 3-fold change in ≥ 70% of samples) was identified.
The NlpC/P60 domain is predicted to adopt a papain-like fold, in which the catalytic cysteine is at the amino terminus of a helix, which is packed against a five-stranded β-barrel with the histidine and the polar residue.
For example, the user may start with the all-alpha class and drill down through fold, superfamily, family, and domain level.
Controls to confirm specificity of oligonucleotide probes included hybridization of sections with labeled probe with a 1,000-fold excess of cold probe or labeled probe with a 1,000-fold excess of another, dissimilar cold probe of the same length and similar G-C content.
Waldrop, the former editor of the Washington Times-Herald , which was folded into the Washington Post in 1954, died two years ago at age 92.
I think it's being a little hard on Miramax to say it folded on Dogma; it kept its commitments to the film and to Disney by buying it (film, not Disney) back and arranging to distribute it independently.
Thus the genes most highly induced in multiple monkeys 4 h after allergen challenge were those for: MCP-3 (400-fold), MCP-1 (14-fold), eotaxin (13-fold), thrombospondin (8-fold), PAI-1 (5-fold), and alpha 1 -antichymotrypsin (4-fold).
The treatment regime employed was sufficient to attenuate COX activity by 75% and increased the number of apoptotic bodies within tumours by greater than 2-fold.
2, when p35-C/EBPβ is co-transfected with the reporter construct, there is a 13-fold increase in CAT activity in the absence of activated Ras that is increased to 24-fold when CMV-Ras.V12 is co-transfected.
This value shows a greater than 140 fold increase in EC 50 compared to wildtype receptors; a larger change than was observed for the K i (24 fold).
It is important to note that the nature of the LFC model allows differentially expressed genes to be selected based on differences between the treatments, and therefore explains why some genes discussed in the text have no fold changes marked with an asterisk (as significance was observed between treatments and not versus the control diet).
9* fold with the combination diet (1.
We have developed a software package DNA-Chip Analyzer (dChip [ 10]) to perform invariant-set normalization (see below), calculation of MBEI [ 1], computation of confidence intervals of fold changes, and hierarchical clustering with resampling.
For example, a cephalosporin-doxorubicin prodrug was 9-fold less toxic than free doxrubicin against tumor cells in vitro, but caused tumor regression when tested in tumor xenograft models [ 40 ] . A cephalosporin-vinca alkaloid prodrug was 5-fold less toxic than the free drug against tumor cells in vitro, but was highly effective in tumor xenograft models in vivo [ 41 ] . When taxol was conjugated to a cephalosporin, the resulting prodrug was approximately 10-fold less toxic than free taxol against tumor cells in vitro [ 36 ] . Thus, prodrug 2 has the potential to be useful in cancer treatment using the ADEPT approach.
Winchester invents some luscious women: young, chocolate-skinned, giggling naked girls with sleek wet bodies and rosebud nipples and long hair and coltish legs with scarlet and purple petals folded behind their ears, who play in the white Indian Ocean surf and who run, quite without shame, along the cool wet sands on their way back home (40).
5-fold with absolute, equivalent concentrations exceeding 90 μM (Table 3).
The blast hit was determined to be homologous if it folded into a similar structure as the drosophilid sequences and one or both helical arms were highly conserved; these candidates are flagged orange on the web output.
RPE cells express all three forms of PPARs but PPARβ is the dominant isoform [ 24 ] . There is a 10-fold induction of PPARγ mRNA that reaches a peak at 4-hour after phagocytosis of photoreceptor outer segments.
Those fold change numbers that deviate largely from 1.0 are considered to be false positives.
The method developed herein includes: (A) determination of the upper X% of highest fold changes within narrow bins of absolute expression levels in order to generate a limit fold change (LFC) function; and (B) subsequent ranking of genes by a combined fold change/absolute expression calculation.
The most common classifications of proteins are the fold, superfamily and family [ 14]; each class is a subset of the one before, and groups proteins with increasing similarity.
Intergenic recombination was reduced an average of 256-fold in the rec12-D15 (null) mutants and 263-fold in the rec12-Y98F (active site) mutants, relative to wild-type levels (Table 1).
have shown that increasing the dose from 30 μg to 300 μg by multiple injections resulted in 7 to 10 fold higher plasma levels.
This inhibition was independent of the total amount of AA released, since AA release stimulated by 10 μM IONO was 3-fold greater than release stimulated with 1 μM IONO or 100 μM ATP, but the percent inhibition by U0126 was similar.
Centrifugal concentration of viral supernatant by 10- to 100-fold significantly increased the efficiency of viral transduction, with 50% or more of FLS expressing EGFP in several independent experiments using FLS lines from separate donors.
While the story is prominent and above the fold at the WP and USAT , both the NYT and the LAT leave it off their front pages altogether.
The level of expression of genes in this cluster was decreased between 2.5-fold and 12-fold 4 h after challenge compared to the control pool, with minimal changes observed 18 h after challenge.
4A) and a significant 10-fold increase (t 4 = 7.98; p < 0.001) in apoptosis (Fig.
Cct : -DOX = 2.3 ± 0.4; +DOX = 4.0 ± 0.2; fold induction approximately 1.7.
In the remaining 45% of the data pairs, which differed by 1.5-fold or more between the two methods, 35% of the paired comparisons were higher by RT-PCR than by microarray, whereas only 10% were higher by microarray than by quantitative PCR.
In studies with cefoxitin, cefaclor, and cephalothin as substrate, the observed k cat values for the S224A and S224K mutants were 2- to 7-fold lower; however, the k cat values when using nitrocefin as substrate were slightly higher (< 2-fold).
Representative genes are shown in Figure 3and all 20 genes are summarized in Table 2. Ten of the 20 genes showed significant differences ( p < 0.05) between the challenged and normal control lungs (Table 2); 8 of these 10 genes were initially identified by microarray as being expressed ≥ 2.7-fold above control.
These observations strongly suggest that results for significantly altered genes should be confirmed with other traditional techniques such as Northern blots or RNase protection assays prior to reporting the fold increase.
In Hoxc-8 transgenic chondrocytes, we found increased expression of Collagen II splice form A mRNA [ 24 ] . This is consistent with our earlier finding of at least 2-fold increased Collagen II mRNA expression by in situ hybridization and increased numbers of immature chondrocytes in Hoxc-8 transgenic mice [ 1 ] . Sox-5, which is normally expressed in proliferating chondrocytes [ 25 26 ] , is elevated in Hoxc-8 transgenic cells, again consistent with accumulation of immature chondrocytes.
We can easily identify those genes with large fold changes and see the relationship between the average count and the fold change.
Those fold changes that are significant by the 5% LFC model are further identified with an asterisk (*).
All four transcripts showed approximately 2-4 fold increases in response to 100 mM sodium chloride stress compared to untreated controls.
2-fold and 2.4-fold compared with NC- patients and with postmenopausal patients).
While fold assignment does not necessarily translate into functional assignment, it provides a useful indicator.
More than 75% (23/31) of the characterized genes within the top 50 genes in this cluster are localized to the ER and participate in various aspects of secretion, including protein folding ( KAR2, LHS1, FKB2, JEM1 ), protein disulfide isomerization ( EUG1, PDI1, ERO1 ), protein glycosylation ( GFA1, PMT3, PMI40, SEC59, WBP1, OST2 ), and forward and retrograde trafficking ( ERD2, ERP1, ERP2, SEC24, SEC13, RET2, RET3, and others [ 21]).
In the microarray hybridization, the expression levels of two of the selected genes were unchanged (< 2-fold) while four additional genes showed a differential expression between the trophozoite and schizont stage (> 2-fold).
13) associated with a 1.5-fold increase in total ERK2 protein (Table 2).
By E18, SMG CORT has increased more than 50-fold, and SMG GR has increased nearly 11-fold.
These comparisons show strong concordance between putative and actual regulation as well as a direct relationship between array fold change and mRNA fold change.
eNOS expression in the lung, as studied using quantitative reverse-transcription PCR, was increased 1.5-fold following hypoxia as compared with normoxic conditions, whereas iNOS expression was increased 3.5-fold (Fig.
However, the mutation frequency of this recombinant virus (HSV-2 6757PR) was not completely penetrant when compared to the parental HSV-2 6757 virus, which showed a 400-fold higher percent of resistant mutants compared to HSV-1 SC16.
The top three mosquito hits were then folded and scored as before.
Secondly, a 24 hour hybridization time consistently outperformed an 18 hour hybridization time, with respect to the relative error, for all fold changes examined on the Codelink platform.
..,8 that folded into the same structure, by calculating the secondary structure of up to 10 6mutant sequences at each Hamming distance.
For PDB structures 1gp4 and 1gp6 (putative leucoanthocyanidin dioxygenase, NCBI NR database 17 October 2001 release), 123D was able to correctly predict the fold to be similar to 1hig (clavaminate synthase-like SCOP superfamily).
5% of the data points were within ± 1.4-fold.
At signal intensities below the threshold with maximum specificity and sensitivity some genes gave a ratio greater than 1.6-fold (at a confidence level of p < 0.05).
Each of the rec12 mutants behaved similarly and produced approximately 10% diploid meiotic products, more than 30-fold higher than the frequency produced by wild-type cells (Figure 4B).
Fluorescence traces were normalized using early cycles as a baseline, and a threshold value was determined, typically at 10-fold above the average standard deviation of the baseline values.
7% for differential gene expression was observed, i.e. the fold change for a given gene seen by microarray was directionally consistent with that seen by RT-PCR, regardless whether the results were significant by either the 5% LFC model (for microarray data) or a student's T-test (for RT-PCR data).
A 10-fold serial dilution of the circles ranging from 10 6to approximately one circle was used in the ERCA reactions.
We concentrated viral supernatant 100-fold in as few as four hours by centrifugation at 20,000 g , with complete recovery of infectious viral particles.
4%, and antibiotics given within 24 hours after onset had the least variation, of 1.1-fold (95% CI 1.0-fold to 1.1-fold] and ranging from 87.
Since muscle represents roughly 50% of the body mass, the muscle blood flow, which can vary 10 fold or more depending on experimental conditions, is the single most important PBPK parameter and the parameter that limits the accuracy of the PBPK model.
Only 4% of these changes had a magnitude of 2-fold or greater, for an average of 10 changes per chip.
In total, 169 cDNA elements were identified to be regulated by more than 2.5-fold in at least one of the pairwise probe comparisons.
Figure 1ashows that the category 'apoptosis regulator' was enriched 2.4-fold in genes with altered expression levels.
The actual fold and function of MJ0757 and its homologs cannot be predicted at present.
A three-year study of various sites was conducted by a consortium of government and private interests, and the deserted island of Cancún won out: not only was it a beautiful spot, but its use would revive the flagging economy of the Yucatán and finally bring Quintana Roo into the fold.
It is predicted to adopt an α + β fold that is possibly related to the PAS-like fold.
In contrast, with regular microarray, 227 and 244 of 10,000 genes were detected at 2-4 fold up- and down-regulated, respectively; 10 and 30 genes at >4 fold up- and down-regulated, respectively.
One gene, mesothelin, exhibited a 3-fold induction in C57mg cells treated with the Wnt-1 but not the Wnt-5a secreting 293T cells (Figure 1, panel A).
25 μmol/g residual dry weight) that are about 20-fold lower than those found in E. coli, but it is not known whether they synthesize GSH or simply import it from the medium [ 4].
Figure 3summarizes the overall frequency of induction of 2-fold or greater in each arm of the trial.
Our previous studies showed that BP1 is also expressed in leukemia and has characteristics of an oncogene: in acute myeloid leukemia, BP1 is highly expressed in the bone marrow of 63% of patients overall, with a preponderance of expression in pediatric patients [ 11 ] . When overexpressed in a leukemia cell line (K562), BP1 increased the ability of cells to grow in soft agar, an indicator of leukemogenic potential, up to 45-fold [ 11 ] . Consistent with a possible oncogenic role for BP1 in breast cancer was the observation that its expression was correlated with the ability of breast cancer cell lines to cause mammary tumors in mice.
The rec12-117 mutant was isolated in a genetic screen; the rec12-117 mutation reportedly confers a 100-fold or greater reduction of intragenic recombination and a 6-fold reduction of intergenic recombination [ 33 ] . To define more precisely the requirement for Rec12 in meiotic chromosome dynamics, we used gene replacement to generate a null ( rec12-D15 ) mutation and a mutation in the putative active site tyrosine ( rec12-Y98F ). We then determined the effects of these mutations upon intergenic (crossover) recombination within intervals of chromosomes
Artificially large fold changes caused by small values in ratios (red/green or vice versa) should be numerically bounded in competitive hybridization experiments.
3-fold declines in older muscle of several mRNAs encoding components of NADH dehydrogenase, cytochrome c oxidase, and ATP synthase complexes [ 11 ] . For all of these mRNAs, both the signal and ratio methods detected the differences at P < 0.03, whereas the ratio method was a bit more likely to detect them at P < 0.01 (14/17 genes) than was the signal method (12/17 genes, Table 3).
One of these novel genes, CG9335, was notable for its 16-fold relative induction in eye-antennal discs (Figure 5).
Fully expanded leaves exhibited an increase only for the proteolipid mRNA, an increase of approximately three fold over non salt stressed plants [ 54 ] . Cell suspension cultures when subjected to salt stress exhibited increase in activity of both P-Type and V-Type ATPases without concomitant increase in protein levels [ 55 ] . Transcript levels of subunit E of the V-ATPase in Mesembryanthemum crystallinum were recently shown to increase in leaves but not roots of salt stressed plants with a concomitant increase in protein levels in leaves [ 56 ] . On the other hand, subunit E in Hordeum vulgare showed no effect on mRNA level in response to salt stress [ 57 ] . The effects of salt stress on V-ATPases has also been investigated in tobacco ( Nicotiana tabacum ) suspension cells.
This method moves beyond setting a single fold change cut-off by considering fold change in the context of absolute expression [ 27 ] . In brief, this method includes: (A) the determination of the upper 5% of fold changes within narrow bins of absolute expression levels to determine a limit fold change (LFC) function; and (B) subsequent ranking of genes by a combined fold change/absolute difference calculation.
This story also runs above the fold at the WP and the NYT 's national edition.
A nearly 10-fold range of response to the fixed dosage of FGF-2 was observed among different inbred strains of mice, suggesting that genetic variability may indeed play a significant role in determining the magnitude of angiogenic response to FGF-2.
Following a similar time course, c-jun expression increased by 25 fold following stimulation by EGF.
Earlier, hnt2 deletion was reported to increase AppppN levels only 2.5-fold but the study was performed in ade2 mutants [ 13 ] . Consistent with that report, the three hnt2 ade2 strains showed only a 2-fold higher AppppN level than the three HNT2 ade2 strains, when nucleotide levels were averaged across the three time points.
The landmark acquisition in December of 75 rare and important hanging scrolls and folding screens is evidence of the commitment to build the IMA's permanent collection of world art.
Based on the results obtained with known IL-2 target genes, the criteria used to identify additional bona fide IL-2-regulated genes in these samples were set at ≥ 2-fold change, with a subtracted difference in fluorescent intensity ≥ 100, and a significance level of the difference between the means of the two treatment groups of p < 0.05.
Thus, F2/5(pT2TFXK) effectively inhibited gall incidence by two of the three tested tumorigenic strains when co-inoculated in approximately 10-fold excess.
Altogether, very low in vivo ERα expression in all moderately and severely abnormal placentae rose significantly (several fold) in early cultures, and high expression remained unchanged in late cultures.
Direct measurement of intracellular F mRNA by semi-quantitative RT-PCR showed a nearly 15-fold loss caused by anti-F dsRNA (Fig.
However, these data do demonstrate that the increase in relative error with increasing fold changes may be a common feature of multiple microarray platforms.
Four--Disney, Comcast, Cablevision, and TCI--are up 20-fold, two are up better than 10-fold, a couple are up seven-fold, and a couple have "only quadrupled."
The Tyr228 mutants exhibited < 4-fold change in k cat values for the cephalosporins tested (Table 3), suggesting that Tyr228 is not playing a large role in catalysis.
For example, in human primary chondrocytes (Figs 3a,3b), IL-1 induced MMP-1 to 14 molecules per molecule of GAPDH, whereas MMP-13 was expressed at 0.06 molecules per molecule of GAPDH, a more than 200-fold difference.
fiber folding during morphogenesis [ 3 ]
6. Although this consensus, like the three others, has not been found to be completely essential for any tested S. pombe origin, a 10-bp linker substitution in ars3001 (the S. pombe rDNA origin) that removes a Maundrell consensus sequence reduces origin activity about 30-fold [ 11].
There are three primary categories of methods for predicting protein structure from sequence: comparative modelling, fold recognition, and ab initio prediction.
When the cephalosporins were used as substrates for the F158A mutant, the K m values observed were 7- to 31-fold higher than those determined for wild-type L1, and surprisingly, the k cat values were 2- to 31-fold higher than those exhibited by wild-type L1 (Table 3).
The availability of SEs for the model-based expression indexes allows us to obtain confidence intervals for fold changes.
There were 5-10-fold more dead cells present in the media of control cells (BG-1 parental and NEO clone) then in the BRCA1 antisense clone AS-4 (data not shown).
Most of these ratios identified only in the 1:1 DAP:A sample were small in magnitude, with fold changes between 1.1 and 1.9.
All Dm regions were folded with mfold 3.1 by submitting parallel batches of 500 mfolds to the cluster nodes and copying the .det and .out mfold output files to a final storage destination.
The vast majority of these genes, however, exhibit low fold changes (<1.
3 fold) and Q150A - K153A (6 - 8 fold).
If CaT1 is an important regulator of intestinal calcium absorption, it is likely that it would be regulated by 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D. As shown in Figure 2, treatment of cells for 24 h with 10 -7mol/L 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D caused a 10-fold increase (p < 0.001, ANOVA, n= 10 studies) in CaT1 mRNA expression.
Just as Kwanzaa, created in 1966, has returned many black Americans to their African heritage, so Hanukkah has helped tether Jews to their heritage and in some cases has brought them back to the fold.
Both of the cell lines expressing fTAF II 135(372-1083) showed an approximately 2-fold accelerated growth rate compared to wild type cells while no significant increase was seen in the fTAF II 135(805-1083) expressing cells (Fig.
Although the in vitro activation of splicing was modest (up to an 18-fold change in initial rate), this change was more than enough to mediate the survival of a thymidine-dependent E. coli strain.
We used 10fold cross-validation to evaluate the predictive ability of theBPNN models.
Since it is expressed at levels that are 1-2 fold that of wild-type Tag in NIH 3T3 cells [ 23 ] , we would not expect that the half life was significantly lower than that of wild type.
As more human tissues were tested, single round amplification produced a 200- to 500-fold yield, lower than the 700-fold yield originally found in their study and lower than yields reported in amplification studies using cell cultures.
By comparison, the 19 selected genes showed IL-2-induced changes in expression levels, ranging from 2.0 ± 0.3-fold (IL-4R, probe set 404_at) to >80-fold (TNFβ 36296_at).
For IFN-γ, CD8 +T cells from both the HIV +and aged states show a 4.5-5 fold enhancement in cDNA copies (32,000 and 47,000 respectively versus controls of 7,400 and 9,100).
The SN50 results are presented as fold change relative to CONT protein.
The placement of a negative charge at position 224 drastically affects nitrocefin binding and results in a 6-fold decrease in binding affinity (Table 6).
First, Dlakic [ 12 ] and Hofmann et al [ 13 ] showed that the yCCR4 C-terminus contains a fold related to the Mg 2+-dependent endonuclease core, suggesting that it may function as a nuclease.
3-fold differences were detected (P < 0.01) for 17 genes encoding proteins involved in mitochondrial electron transport or ATP synthesis (Table 3).
All reported 95% confidence intervals are reported in terms of fold changes, but derived from t-tests computed on the log scale.
Although the reason behind the lower activation potential is unknown, at least in PfPP5 it correlates with a similar fold activation following loss of the TPR domains through either mutagenesis or proteolytic cleavage (Fig.
I've always favored the alternative plan--small, unmanned probes, along with a gigantic annual bonfire of $1,000 bills folded into origami cranes.
The story also gets front-page play at the NYT , LAT , and WP . But the nature of that coverage varies considerably: the NYT 's piece dominates the top front via the use of three color shots from the CIA video the FBI presented, while the LAT runs it as a two-inch square box "reefer" well below the fold.
5-fold and 1.6-fold compared with NC-patients and with postmenopausal patients, respectively) and in NC+ patients (2.
Aged CD8 +T cells show a significant increase (approximately 3 fold) over young cells in the percentage producing TNF-α (57.
The results for each spot (or gene) include an absolute call of present (P) or absent (A) (a call of present indicates that the signal was greater than the regional background AND greater than the local background measured in the four corners surrounding the individual spot), the scaled intensity, the difference between the scaled fluorophore intensities, the fold change or ratio of the two-color intensities (expression ratio), and a qualitative difference or change call of I, MI, D or MD (change calls are based on the fold changes across the duplicate spot data).
With these two substrates, there was a 19-fold and 45-fold decrease in the k cat values when using biapenem and meropenem, respectively (Table 5).
The levels of the three CTX isoforms α L, β Land α Dwere 2.3-fold to 2.7-fold higher in the postmenopausal women (Table 1), in accordance with previous reports of CTX levels during the menopause [ 15 ] . As all forms were elevated to the same magnitude in postmenopause, the ratios between the newly synthesised α LCTX form and the older β Land α DCTX forms was not significantly different in premenopausal and postmenopausal women.
FCC regulations may require the new Viacom to sell a few of its TV stations--because there's a rule saying one company can't own stations that serve more than 35 percent of the United States--and to either spin off or fold in the still-struggling UPN.
The Gore phone call controversy was first broken last winter by the WP , but yesterday in their stories on this latest development, neither the LAT nor USA Today (which placed it prominently: front page, column six, above the fold) could bring themselves to acknowledge this.
The λJA303 consensus mutant fnr +strain exhibited a 1000-fold anaerobic increase in β-galactosidase expression relative to the corresponding fnr -strain (i.e.
In addition, using the same set of parameters to fit the roughly 20 fold difference in concentration between the Munson et al.
pBS58 carrying four of the benign mutations caused a similar 3-5-fold increase in total FtsZ.
When cultured in the presence of IL-1 and CDDO, cells transfected with Bcl-3 expressed 3.6-fold more MMP-1 than did cells transfected with the empty vector (Fig.
Claiborne persevered, however, learned French, changed the laws, and brought his carping constituents into the American fold as citizens of the new State of Louisiana, even though it was very much unlike any other US state.
A statistical cluster program was used to analyze the 169 cDNA elements identified as regulated by more than 2.5-fold in one or more probe pairs.
Modalities with moderate variation profiles among the eight participating centers included PACs (varied 4.0-fold, 95% confidence interval [CI] of 2.6-fold to 6.4-fold; range 8.7% to 35.
This effect is seen more dramatically in the contour plot for HSF1 , for which the highly dispersed, somewhat inconsistent ratios of 0.9-fold, 3-fold and 5-fold were observed.
Taken together, the combination of unmodified oligonucleotides and low printing concentrations has resulted in an approximately 16-fold reduction in reagent costs.
A continuous model is derived from the discrete one by relating the mean expressions of each bin with the corresponding (1-X)-limit fold change, using a least squares fit of the equation:
9-fold), normal synovial tissue (4-fold) and RA synovial tissue fibroblasts (9.
First, the mature miRNA can be derived from either arm of a given stem-loop, and many predicted pre-miRNAs fold well on either strand.
In a plot similar to that shown in Figure 3, the correlation of the combined RT-PCR fold change data with the GeneChip ®log fold change data was 0.91 (data not shown).
The average fold change of all of these transcripts was higher in the SU5416 arm (the lowest average fold change was 2.6 for hypothetical protein FLJ13052, the highest was 33 for lactoferrin); the range of fold changes was also broader in this category, presumably reflecting variability among patients.
This makes it easier to visualize the data, with horizontal lines rather than diagonal lines corresponding to fold changes.
The ASCR fold has a β2-α-β2-α topology and forms a two-layered structure with a 4-stranded β-sheet and characteristic strand order of 1-2-4-3 (Fig.
In contrast, the proliferation level of DP cells increased nearly 2-fold in compound mutants compared to wild type (Fig.
As seen in Figure 9, both frameshift mutations lead to elimination of a highly conserved motif (NCVpRFaDT) near the carboxyl terminus of the peptide - a region that must be critical to proper function or folding.
Iraq absorbed 88,000 tons of bombs during the 43 days of the Gulf War without folding or replacing Saddam, noted several pundits, including Tim Russert on NBC's Meet the Press . Saddam's bio-chem arsenal was surely bunkered beyond the reach of U.S. bombs, they concluded.
The correlation of the combined RT-PCR fold change data (based on average of log of the three measurements from each wild-type and each mutant sample) with the GeneChip ®log fold change data was .92 (95% CI = 0.86, 0.96) (Fig.
