We will meet a similar problem in the next chapter when we attempt to distinguish between the function of a part of an organism and the other causal consequences of that part of the organism.
The work in question offers nothing regarding language, so its review here is ancillary to the main function of VERBATIM.
The main functions of money are distinguished as: a medium of exchange; a unit of account; a store of value; and, occasionally, a standard of deferred payment.
Despite being intangible, bank money still performs the basic functions of money, being generally accepted as a form of payment.
Understanding the enzymatic mechanisms of the NTPDases will help description of their physiological functions, and development of strategies to regulate the functions of the enzymes.
Understanding the enzymatic mechanisms of the NTPDases will help description of their physiological functions, and development of strategies to regulate the functions of the enzymes.
E174 in ACR3 and S218 in ACR4 are required for catalytic function [ 12 ] .
In addition to these functions in the developing CNS, GABA signaling is also required for the normal development of non-neural tissues.
The association of liver disease and 1°SS was suggested more than 40 years ago [ 1 ] . While liver involvement in 1°SS has been considered "rare" [ 2 ] only a few clinical studies specifically address this complication and evaluate the association of liver function tests abnormalities with the severity of 1°SS [ 3 4 5 6 ] .
We report the results of a review of cases undertaken to determine the prevalence of abnormal liver function tests (LFTs) and liver disease in patients with 1°SS referred to a tertiary care center and the association of abnormal LFTs with other systemic features and autoimmunity markers of 1°SS.
Liver function tests had been determined in 59 patients (80.
8 %) and abnormal liver function tests were found in 29 of the 59 patients (49.
3%), all of whom had abnormal liver function tests.
Risk factors for liver disease were identified in 40% of the patients with abnormal liver function tests and are described in Table 4. No association with tobacco use was found.
We found no significant differences in risk factors for abnormal liver function tests among patients with or without hepatic involvement.
5%) there was only one determination of liver function tests.
The pattern of liver enzyme abnormalities is shown in Figure 1. None of the patients with abnormal liver function tests had clinical evidence of muscle involvement that could explain the high levels of amino-transferases.
Activity of CPK or aldolase was not elevated when measured in 15 of the 29 patients with abnormal liver function tests.
The association of abnormal liver function tests with other non-exocrine features of 1°SS is shown in Figure 2. Patients with abnormal liver function tests were more likely to have lung, kidney or hematological manifestations, when compared to Sjögren's patients without liver disease.
The association of abnormal liver function tests with other non-exocrine features of 1°SS is shown in Figure 2. Patients with abnormal liver function tests were more likely to have lung, kidney or hematological manifestations, when compared to Sjögren's patients without liver disease.
A positive anti-ENA (anti-Ro, anti-Ro/La, and/or anti-RNP) was also associated with an increased prevalence of abnormal liver function tests (Figure 3).
In this group of Sjögren's patients seen at a tertiary care center, abnormal liver function tests were found to be a common non-exocrine feature of 1°SS.
Although the prevalence of viral hepatitis markers in our group of patients with liver disease was very low and did not account for most of the cases with abnormal liver function tests, these markers were not sought in a small percentage of these patients.
The co-existence of liver disease and the presence of circulating AMAs in Sjögren's patients sera has been pointed as an indicator that liver pathology might be autoimmune and similar to that of primary biliary cirrhosis [ 4 7 8 10 ] . In previous studies, a pericholangial lymphocytic infiltration similar to that found in stage I of primary biliary cirrhosis, has been reported in 1°SS with abnormal liver function tests or positivity for AMA [ 4 7 ] . In our review of cases, we found predominance in hepatocellular liver damage rather than cholestatic disease, which would argue against a PBC-type of liver damage.
While we could not find an association between use of NSAIDS or other medications and prevalence of liver function tests abnormalities, the study design did not allow us to exclude the possibility of over-the-counter (OTC) medication use that could have affected LFT's measurement.
immunosuppressants for autoimmune hepatitis, interferon-alpha for viral hepatitis, ursodeoxycolic acid for primary biliary cirrhosis) warrant a diligent search in all cases of 1°SS with abnormal liver function.
Note also that Steve Kean reminded me that we've got to continue to push to get the utilities out of the merchant function.
In addition, California will only achieve a competitive retail market when the utility is removed completely from the procurement function.
California should therefore begin immediately to phase the utility out of the procurement function entirely, with the goal of having all customers served by a non-utility provider within 36 months.
But if they didn't, one of their functions was to continue the racism of the KKK.
The locations of the rest of these sensors will depend on their function.
The sonar will constantly be detecting nearby objects and initiate an escape maneuver when their inputs pass a certain threshold of stimulation, and the bump sensors will, when depressed, also initiate the escape function.
The e-vector (heading) returned from the two polarization-sensitive photodiodes (1, 2) follows a cos2-function.
Almost all motor output will be a direct function of sensory input as indicated in the following section.
Common behaviors will include a forward cruise and turning mechanism, procedures to determine the orientation towards nest and the distance from the nest when outside, in-nest navigation, an escape function for when objects are detected or bumped into, object identification and gripping, a generic algorithm for pheromone plume and chemical trail following, and the identification of other ants.
For a simple start, the forward cruise function will merely take in a double integer representing a speed and cause Antie to move forward at this speed.
These behaviors will often be used in other subroutines running on a schema basis, and when combined with the forward cruise function, should cause the robot to move at an angle.
Antie will therefore have a polarization function that will return a compass direction toward which it should orient in order to return home to the nest, and a distance function that will return the shortest direct distance.
Antie will therefore have a polarization function that will return a compass direction toward which it should orient in order to return home to the nest, and a distance function that will return the shortest direct distance.
We may assume that this first function will return a direction in degrees, positive or negative, and that the second function will return a distance in centimeters.
We may assume that this first function will return a direction in degrees, positive or negative, and that the second function will return a distance in centimeters.
The first function might look something like this:
In-nest navigation will be a function of the temperature, read by Antie’s thermometer and a light source.
To enter the nest, such as at the end of a task, Antie will perform the same function, except it will seek a lower temperature instead of a higher temperature, it will avoid light, and it will only activate while Antie is less than 10cm from the nest entrance.
This void function will be called nestEnter(), and will take in no inputs.
To avoid bumping into things (including other ants), Antie be provided with an escape function.
Regardless, this will be a very simple function.
Because this function responds to the sensors on Antie’s around the sides and only its sonar detectors will be able to detect objects in front of it, this escape function will not prevent Antie from being able to locate and pick up objects such as seeds.
Because this function responds to the sensors on Antie’s around the sides and only its sonar detectors will be able to detect objects in front of it, this escape function will not prevent Antie from being able to locate and pick up objects such as seeds.
A simple void function grip() taking in no inputs will tighten the grippers until a certain threshold of pressure is reached, at which point the grippers will be lifted for carrying.
A void function release() will perform this same action in reverse.
As a partial control for the problem of imprecise sensing, a function will perform an analysis of the array information coming on from Antie’s four sensors on each stalk.
Research has shown that red harvester ants switch tasks partially as a function of age (ex., Ingram, et al, 2005) and partially as a function of interactions with other workers (ex., Schafer et al, 2006; Gordon, 2002; Greene & Gordon, 2007).
Research has shown that red harvester ants switch tasks partially as a function of age (ex., Ingram, et al, 2005) and partially as a function of interactions with other workers (ex., Schafer et al, 2006; Gordon, 2002; Greene & Gordon, 2007).
In order to perform both of these functions, Antie will need a subroutine to explore in a zig-zag fashion, as harvester ants do (Gordon, 34).
Workers probably switch to patrolling based on their perceived life expectancy and as a function of a gene whose expression changes between young and old ants, and this is easily emulated using a clock pulse counter in Antie’s CPU that will count its “age” since last boot.
The switch from patrolling to foraging has been modeled as a function of successful foragers’ returns with great accuracy by Schafer, et al (2006), and evidence from experiments in which successful foragers were removed before reentry to the nest does support the theory that returning successful foragers have an effect on the activation of new foragers (Gordon, 2002).
For the purposes of modeling Antie, I will assume that the switches between these behaviors are permanent, irreversible and partly a function of age, with new foragers being activated by returning successful foragers.
While the strong V-I motion from measures 90-91 does carry a tonal implication of dominant-tonic, such cadential bass motion does not imply anything about structural function in this context.
The passage from measures 85-89 is centered on E♭ (and the pentatonic set from the opening of the exposition is transposed down a whole step), but its mere presence as local tonic does not signify any sort of dominant function.
However, as previously mentioned, C acts as a “fake” dominant that in measures 149-155 actually functions as an upper neighbor to B, the “true” dominant.
E and F♯ are both active throughout the entire transition from second theme back to first theme (measures 456-487) which brings out their functions as upper and lower chromatic neighbors to F, which returns triumphantly in measure 488 with the much-anticipated recapitulation of the first theme.
During the day, the homeostatic system slowly accumulates a 'sleep drive,' a desire to sleep that increases as a function of time spent awake.
Their letter claims that you owe them money, which they will take and use to pay for the operation of essential functions of the government.

 Prostanoids are important regulators of fibroblast function [ 5 6 7 8 9 ] .
When an architectural competition was announced for the New York Public Library on May 21, 1897, Dr. John Shaw Billings, the library’s executive director, was determined that in his building, design would not triumph over function.
It was not a question of function.
The function of a baseboard is to cover the joint between the wall and the floor, and secondarily to protect the wall from scuffing.
This implies that he shoehorns functions into the building, which is not the case.
just dropped off nikita to her hostel Thinking about TapTCP NAT traversal for kerjodando p2p l_a:groups like "s.asians for obama" capitalize on affinity groups' desire for bus/soc networking:multi function event->more particip ...
No longer a center of government, it now functions as a cultural center.
A spokeswoman for Crum & Forster said employees were told early this week that numerous staff functions for the personal insurance lines were going to be centralized as a cost-cutting move.
Lumican expression has previously been correlated with higher tumor grade, lower estrogen levels in the tumor and younger age of patients in human breast cancer [ 21 ] . In addition, lumican is structurally related to both biglycan which is among the top IL-8-tumor related genes and the human embryonal carcinoma marker antigen TRA-1-60 [ 22 ] . These relationships support the hypothesis that lumican may be a tumor related protein involved with IL-8's tumorigenic function.
If specific binding to PIP 2 (and/or to some other phosphatidylinositide, such as PI4P) is critical for Boi1 function, then how could fusion to a myristoyl group-accepting sequence (i.e.
Like other folklore genres, riddles serve a function, helping children learn to interpret facts and form an opinion.
The focus of such research represents a departure from the classical reductionist approach in the biological sciences, and moves toward the integrated approach to understanding the interrelatedness of gene function and the role of each gene in the context of multi genetic cellular functions or genetic circuits [ 8, 9, 10].
Further study has revealed that CT is produced extrathyroidally by NE cells throughout the body, and may have multiple functions [ 15, 16].
Consequently, FDR for Welch-SAM is not a smooth function of Δ, as is the case of t -SAM.
These findings suggest that TNFR2 has multiple biological functions.
For each model, unaffected individuals and individuals with serology or biopsy based diagnosis were given a penetrance function based on disease prevalence.
The low-key coverage of the event reflected several pre-established media themes: a) Steele is a "peripheral" figure hounded by a vindictive special prosecutor, Kenneth Starr; b) the Steele trial is a pathetic coda to Flytrap's now-finished symphony ("Starr's Last Gasps," says Time ); and c) the sole remaining function of the case is to help determine the credibility of Kathleen Willey, the Richmond, Va., socialite who accuses President Clinton of crudely groping her near the Oval Office in 1993.
In summary, we have shown in children with SCD that the lipid composition of their cellular membranes is related to phase angle, a non-invasive whole body measurement of membrane integrity and function.
Consequently, there is a good chance that this sequence contributes significantly to whatever role region 16 plays in enhancer function.
To use the source code effectively, a competitor would need to figure out which commands affect which functions and how changes to one part would affect the functioning of the whole--a nearly impossible guessing game for even the most experienced programmers.
Most of the analytical tools outlined below have been applied individually to previous Drosophila circadian rhythms data, most saliently MESA and autocorrelation were used in both behavioral and molecular studies [ 39 15 13 ] . Butterworth filters have been employed in studies of locomotor rhythms [ 13 ] . The Rhythmicity Index (RI) was devised to facilitate studies on Drosophila heart function behavioral studies [ 46 25 ] and extended to the
The KK (as well as the KKTK) version of Boi1 appeared to be completely non-functional, pointing to the possibility that binding specifically to PIP 2 (as opposed to binding to acidic phospholipids generally) may be critical for Boi1 function.
Thus to understand the function of multi-protein complexes, or whole proteomes, from a structural viewpoint, it is necessary to have a model for many proteins encoded by the genome of an organism.
A comparison of the actual number of functions successfully tested to the number planned in the acquisition schedule, for example, requires that system testing be underway.
The secreted glycoproteins in the Wnt/Wingless (Wg) family serve diverse functions in developmental processes, ranging from cell fate specification and cell proliferation to cell migration and cell polarity [ 1 2 ] , and deregulation of the Wnt signaling pathway can lead to cancer [ 3 4 ] . In a simplified model of the canonical Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway, the binding of Wnts to their receptors activates a downstream component, Dishevelled (Dsh).
The functional assignments of the E. coli gene products in the November 97 GenBank U00096 deposit represented an accumulation of information retrieved from the literature (collected in the GenProtEC and EcoCyc databases) as well as imputed functions based on similarity of a known protein to the translated sequences [ 1].
Smad1, as one of the three known R-Smads of BMPs, has been extensively studied within the scope of its phosphorylation, interaction with Smad4, nuclear translocation, DNA binding and protein-protein interactions related to its function as a transcriptional regulator.
Altered vascular function in older individuals is evidenced as impaired endothelial function [ 8 9 10 ] , an altered ratio of endothelin receptors [ 11 ] , and/or altered reactivity of the smooth muscle to sympathetic activity [ 7 12 ] . Reduced endothelial function is related to impaired formation and decreased activation of nitric oxide [ 13 14 ] and is particularly prominent in older subjects with evidence of cardiovascular disease [ 15 ] , diabetes [ 16 ] , or obesity [ 17 ] . Interestingly, aging does not appear to effect endothelium independent vasodilation [ 10 14 ] .
Although the manual annotation step could not compete with the speed of the automatic annotation process of HERON, it provided us with more useful function descriptions.
If COP1 is indeed an E3, its RING finger is likely to be indispensable for this function, considering the numerous examples of other RING fingers.
Concentration-Response Functions
Excess GC activity due to LIFR loss is an unexpected result since LIF gain-of-function mice develop a Cushing's-like syndrome [ 29 30 ] . Thus, if the relationship were simple, loss of LIFR function would predict development of GC insufficiency.
Although there have been many studies exploring the general impact of total hysterectomy on sexual function, few have compared particular types of hysterectomy and their associated effect on subsequent sexual function.
One of the burning questions of modern genomics research is the need to assign annotations to new genes whose biological function is yet to be understood.
Furthermore, there is evidence from the analysis of the yeast genome that duplicated genes tend to be from those sets of functions that are more highly expressed [ 62], supporting a general role for selection on protein dosage in duplicated genes.
A specification of the functions to be satisfied bythe software.
It will be important in future work to refine these results and test, for example, whether NPM3 may have chromatin or ribosome assembly functions that are similar or complementary to nucleoplasmin or nucleophosmin, or whether it may have completely independent functions.
9% (OA 100 ). Second, response starting with the maximal relaxation until it returned to baseline values was used to obtain the times to spontaneous recovery of 10, 25, 50, 75 and 90% of the neuromuscular function.
RNA interference (RNAi), mediated by short interfering double-stranded RNA molecules (siRNA or dsRNA), is now recognized as a major mechanism of post-transcriptional gene silencing (PTGS) in essentially all eukaryotes [ 16 ] . Recently, the technique has been successfully applied to cultured mammalian cells, whereby introduction of 21-nucleotide long synthetic dsRNA molecules corresponding to specific mRNA sequences effectively and specifically degraded the cognate mRNAs and abrogated the expression of the corresponding proteins [ 17 18 ] . This prompted us to test a similar approach to knockdown PfPP1 function in the erythrocytic P. falciparum stages.
Despite poor gastric emptying, small bowel function usually remains relatively intact and placement of a post-pyloric small bowel feeding tube may allow for the administration of enteral nutrition in these patients.
As long as sufficient skills are retained inhouse to meet the smart buyer approach discussed above, there does not appear to be any greater risk from contracting out a broader range of design review functions, including such services as construction document discipline reviews and code compliance checks, so long as such functions are widely available from a competitive commercial marketplace.
The five special function areas were (1) law enforcement and internal security, (2) intelligence, (3) foreign affairs, (4) national defense, and (5) research and development.
The CyaB protein may represent one such case where after the original transfer from an archaeon into the proteobacterial lineage it may have acquire the novel function as an adenylyl cyclase.
The data presented here argue against a sequence specific Golgi membrane targeting function for the novel 35 amino acid sequence found in sα i2 . The novel sequence of sα i2 is not sufficient to direct other proteins to Golgi/ER membranes.
In region 16 (the ~50-bp region that seems most important for enhancer function; Fig.
There is uncertainty associated with all of the numbers presented in this paper due to sampling error and estimation error in econometric estimation procedure used to recover household-level demand functions
Any computer/Internet paucity among students attending traditionally black colleges may be a function of their own interests and choices rather than of affordability.
9) and spline function (fig.
6), suggesting that the TK mutant is able to provide whatever vital function normally is provided by Boi1/Boi2.
Moreover, Frizzled receptors, Versican and other proteoglycans which contribute to Wnt protein activity are also controlled by Wnt signaling, as previously described in Drosophila [ 28 29 ] . At the level of transcriptional regulation, we found up-regulation of CBP/P300, which partners with β-catenin [ 30 31 ] but also TLE/Groucho, which is an inhibitor of TCF function [ 32 ] . These responses suggest a rich system of homeostasis and feedback control mechanisms, but they complicate the interpretation of experimental studies of Wnt signal transduction in which the time course of induction cannot be controlled easily.
9) and then using this function to select the break points.
The pattern of liver enzyme abnormalities is shown in Figure 1. None of the patients with abnormal liver function tests had clinical evidence of muscle involvement that could explain the high levels of amino-transferases.
This reduction is due to functions being experimentally determined (77 CDSs), assignment of putative functions (367 CDSs), phenotype-associated functions (14 CDSs), and genes identified as belonging to phages (138 CDSs).
C57mg cells were chosen since they become transformed by ectopic expression of Wnt-1 and by loss of function of Wnt-5a [ 12 15 16 ] . In addition, Wnt-5a/Rfz-2 C57mg cells exhibited phenotypic differences from wt C57mg cells (see results).
The cell death that occurred upon reduction of Cul1 function was suppressed when E2F function was reduced by mutation.
As we will discuss below, formalizing a functional descriptive language for biology can offer additional benefits for exploring and understanding the function of complex biological systems if the functional structures and processes can be adequately and unambiguously described.
IL-10, a cytokine produced by activated macrophages and Th2-type T cells, has crucial inhibitory effect against several Th-1 type immune responses, such as the antigen-presenting functions of monocytes and macrophages [ 52 53 ] . IL-10 may play an important role in preventing the induction of IBD, since animals deficient in IL-10 will develop colitis spontaneously, and low levels of IL-10 are positively correlated with recurrences of Crohn's disease [ 25 54 ] . However, unlike TNF-α based therapies, the administration of recombinant IL-10 (rIL-10) shows poor clinical efficacy.
Our results may suggest that the stimulatory effects of genes and drugs on cardiac function may be more profound in male or masked in female mice.
First, the N-terminal domain might mediate yeast-specific functions (e.g.
Such alterations cannot be identified until the function and regulation of BRCA1 are better understood.
It is clear that computer modeling and simulations must be used iteratively with an experimental program to continually improve in silico models and to develop systemic understanding of cellular functions.
The authors, however, did not differentiate between the patients with a normal right ventricular function and those with a reduced right ventricular function.
It is conceivable that a Btk PH domain-PIP3 interaction is important for membrane localization of the complex, and that this function is independent of Btk kinase activity.
Most readers of VERBATIM would, I am sure, have been as intrigued as I was to discover that a yeoman is “an English landowner often having municipal functions”; that in tennis a ball is net “when it touches the top of the summit [ sic ] of the net separating the two sides”; that a starting block has “compartments in which race-horses are put before the off so they can all leave simultaneously”; and that brick is the English for “a sailing-ship with two masts” --taking part, maybe, in a lofing match: “in a sailing-boat regatta, the action of one of the participants consisting in an attempt to bring one of his rivals head to the wind.”
In the absence of a biological plausibility for this differential effect of red and white wine on lung function we are concerned about the potential spurious nature of the observed associations.
The parameter deconvolution is a Maple table characterizing the type of deconvolution calculation: usedata determines whether the bolus response function, the input function, or both functions are found, fitfunc determines the deconvolution technique that is used, plotinput specifies the graphical output, Nexp is the number of exponentials in the bolus response function, breakpoint is either the type of procedure used to determine the breakpoints for the spline deconvolution, or the time interval for the uniform deconvolution and scale_smooth scales the smoothing parameter.
Such models are needed for testing the potential contribution of AQPs to regulating water content and transport, and indeed for determining which of the range of plausible but untested ideas about AQP function may or may not apply to different membranes, cells, tissues, plants and environmental conditions.
The mean gray scale values of these regions are then used to determine local thresholds, which are then interpolated to give a global threshold function.
Phosphorylation of Ser 505has been extensively studied because it is readily detected due to a characteristic electrophoretic mobility shift when analyzed by SDS-PAGE [ 13 16 ] . The importance of Ser 505phosphorylation in regulating cPLA 2 has been demonstrated in different cells and in vitro models by using cPLA 2 containing a S505A mutation [ 16 22 ] . However, the mechanism whereby Ser 505phosphorylation regulates cPLA 2 function has been elusive.

Finally, at least in some lineages, the CYTH domain proteins may have been secondarily recruited for other functions.
All MEN genes are required for exit from mitosis, but it has not yet been tested whether this is the sole essential function of all MEN genes, or if some MEN genes play critical roles in other processes.
As with all demand functions, the mailers are presumed to understand that they must pay any paper, printing, and preparation costs associated with their increased use of the mail.
This observation suggests that specific nucleotide sequences within the enhancer are required for its function.
A simplest interpretation of our data is that RecBCD enzyme is involved in repair and degradation of broken chromosomes, and that RecA, RecFOR, RecQJ and RecET functions are involved in prevention and/or repair of the breakage.
[ 16 ] to test gene function in diploid C. albicans, we were unable to disrupt both copies of the CaCET1 gene, signifying that RNA triphosphatase is also essential in that species, a significant human pathogen.
Future studies will attempt to identify the gene and its translated protein to determine the biological function during conceptus development.
Since the standard deviation varies systematically with the mean, we then fit a smooth curve representing the standard deviation as a function of the mean.
Figure 6 displays the average unit costs generated with the cost function for the USPS.
An overview of the genes most consistently affected by IL-2 therapy revealed a large array of transcripts with functions ranging from regulation of cell division and apoptosis to the secretion of immune-stimulatory and/or pro-inflammatory factors.
The delicate plastic ear bones are just begging to be snapped, and the toy's many cool functions spark curiosity about how it all works.
A number of very simple properties of networks, involving connectivity of the network and simple biases on the Boolean functions, control which regime a network lies in.
The ~50-bp stretch that proved most important for extended ars3002 function is region 10.
Even the casting functions as a form of allusion.
Similarly, the second most abundant component of cell walls (pectin) is the assumed target of nematode-encoded pectate lyase and exo-polygalacturonase, both functions also postulated to have been acquired by HGT.
Genes in each cluster grouped by the same profile are labeled using COG's 18 broad functional categories excluding category R (general function) and category S (function unknown).
Until predictions with accuracies rivalling that of experiment are made, assessment of predictions must be done automatically using limited and stringent criteria, most relevant to biologists interested in function.
In addition, mice deficient for Btk and PLCγ2 have similar defects in B cell development and function (reviewed in [ 30]).
Some of the sequences found in the BLAST searches correspond to hypothetical proteins whose functions have not been experimentally verified.
This is despite the fact that codon usage in individual genes is known to be influenced by a long list of other factors, including the amino-acid sequence necessary for the gene's function (although the fraction of crucial residues may typically be small).
The choice of the ecological functions f (•), g (•), and h (•) is not straightforward, considering the variety of functional forms that have been suggested [ 36 ] . However, for the subsequent purposes of estimating statistical density dependence, it is biologically reasonable to assume that the functions may be approximately linear in X 
Glucocorticoids influence a wide spectrum of cellular functions through their action on soluble intracellular receptors.
To examine the influence of the available covariates in addition to the Fok I polymorphism on beta cell function and insulin sensitivity, we employed a stepwise regression analytical approach.
The resulting implications can be used to assign refined hypothetical functions to uncharacterized gene products on the basis of the known functions encoded by the genes in each cluster.
b provides a function in LHC assembly that is not served by Chl a.
Early tools using phylogenetic and structural information have shown promise in predicting the functional consequences of a mutation [ 13 ] . These reports predict that anywhere between 20-36% of non-synonymous SNPs alter the function of a gene's protein product.
In addition, inferred function assignments were withdrawn for 104 CDS-coded proteins whose functions remain unknown.
The strength of this study is the detailed evaluation of information on covariates, including smoking and dietary habits that have shown a relation to lung function.
This result is consistent with the fact that a 2-exponential function is used in most of the recent experimental applications of deconvolution [ 18 33 34 ] . For the more "complicated" pharmacokinetic PBPK model where there is extensive tissue binding (similar to that for propranolol), a 2-exponential function fit is no longer adequate (fig.
To test the function of the virally encoded receptors, we measured IGF-I stimulated autophosphorylation of the IGF-IR and phosphorylation of IRS-1.
Studies of the yeast proteome have the potential to clarify the function of midasin by identifying the protein partners with which it interacts in vivo.
Interestingly, some investigators have proposed the use of psychostimulants in the treatment of HIV dementia [ 13], however the effects of these drugs on cerebral function in the setting of HIV infection has not been well studied.
Many physicists now think that such decoherence constitutes a modern interpretation of the famous “collapse of the wave function” during a measurement event, as posited by the Copenhagen school.
Initial analysis of approximately 157,000 SAGE tags from PC12 cells cultured without or with NGF for 9 days revealed nearly 800 transcripts (of a total of at least 21,000) that are regulated by ± 6-fold or greater in response to NGF [ 11 ] . Of these, approximately 150 were assignable to named genes of known functions that regulate cellular behaviors ranging from actin and microtubule cytoskeleton assembly/disassembly, gene transcription, RNA processing, neurotransmission, and energetics.
One mutant protein, E274A was completely inactive in assembly, GTPase activity and in vivo function.
This is a housekeeping function for most organisms.
This method uses the approach of Verotta [ 4 5 ] in which the input is parameterized by a general B-spline function and the deconvolution is obtained using a constrained regression method that prevents the input rate from having negative (non-physical) values.
It is also helpful to know that the masks, painted faces, and costumes identify each character’s social role and personality, and that the live music, with its gongs and cymbals, often functions like a film score to emphasize the action on stage.
The following files are available as additional data: a complete listing of gene ontology mappings for M. incognita clusters organized into (a) biological process, (b) cellular component, (c) molecular function (Additional data file 1); complete KEGG biochemical pathway mappings for M. incognita clusters (Additional data file 2); a complete list of C. elegans RNAi phenotypes for genes with M. incognita homologs (Additional data file 3); classification by RNAi phenotype of C. elegans genes with M. incognita homologs (Additional data file 4).
Formation of acyl conjugates during the maturation of the lipoprotein component of the viral capsid could be one such potential function.
Reengineering the Finance Function."
Once C is determined, we can calculate the power as a function of d , the magnitude of the expression change targeted to be detected.
Towards a General Postal Service Cost Function*
We are pleased to introduce, as of sometime Friday, Aug. 22, Slate Search 2.0--a new, improved version of our search function.
Furthermore, it is easier to identify the related functions of these genes because they are precisely those functions that related one gene to another by computation.
If we arbitrarily assign the node with the lower estimated expression to a level of unity and assume an equal error variance in both treatment and control, there are only two parameters to estimate: the mean expression level of the higher-expressed node, and their common error variance 2. Figure 2ashows contour plots of the likelihood functions (see Materials and methods) for genes for three yeast transcriptional regulators ( MSN4 , HSF1 and GCR1 ) that could potentially be responsible for observed downstream changes discussed later in this text.
In addition, 50 EPKs were associated with non-descriptive names (such as FLJ20574, LOC51086 or KIAA0175), that give little information regarding potential function or family ties, but indicate that the submitter believed that the sequence encoded a protein.
Comprehensive quantitative evaluations of different deconvolution approaches have been described previously [ 7 11 22 ] . The evaluation in this paper is not comprehensive, using a single typical human bolus response function and just two different input functions (one and two component) that are representative of human intestinal absorption rates.
The constant, called the fudge constant, is found by removing the trend in d as a function of S in moving windows across the data.
All 12 sequences in this region have high similarity to the derived consensus sequence GXGXXG(7X)A(SX)GXGXXG(4X)D(9X)R, which defines a nucleotide binding motif [ 16 25 ] . In addition, all sequences have five residues, or conservative substitutions in the case of Pa-MoeB, shown to participate in the adenylation reaction catalyzed by Ec-MoeB (Figure 3) [ 7 ] . The fact that such high similarities are retained in the ThiF coding region across three bacterial divisions suggests that this domain functions more or less autonomously.

As people, for example, we all have different utility functions depending on numerous biological and extraneous variables.
With a genealogy of animals, it will be easier to determine the origins and inheritance of mutations, genes, gene functions, and structures.
Second, proteins are grouped into the same superfamily if they share the same fold, and are deemed to share a common evolutionary origin, owing to a similar protein function, for example.
The WP reports that all five Law Lords ruled that a former head of state, unlike a sitting one, has but limited immunity: he or she can be forced into court to answer for actions that are not part of the legitimate function of government.
Three additional phases involve testing the system«s basic data-sharing function and adding new capabilities such as data importing, on-line processing, and document management.
Use of a PBPK Model to Evaluate the Accuracy of the Determination of the Bolus Input Function r(t)
Data were fitted by nonlinear least squares, using Fitall (MTR software, Toronto, Canada) modified with an exponential fitting function.
Although the specific function of this protein is currently unknown, it contains a potential V-type ATPase domain as well as several predicted coiled-coil regions (figure 2).
IFN-γ appears to have two separate functions, disease promoting as well as disease limiting [ 40 ] . Neutralization of IFN-γ with antibodies early in the course of disease exerts a suppressive effect, whereas anti-IFN-γ treatment late in disease enhances arthritis [ 41 ] . Also, disease severity in CIA is enhanced in IFN-γ receptor-deficient mice, and loss of the IFN-γ receptor turns mice normally resistant to CIA into an arthritis-susceptible strain [ 34 35 ] . IFN-γ thus provides a dominant protective effect in CIA.
We have previously investigated nmt55/p54 nrbprotein expression in human breast tumors and observed a statistically significant association between decreased nmt55/p54 nrbexpression, loss of hERα and hPR and increased tumor size [ 13 ] . It is possible that decreased nmt55/p54 nrbexpression represents poor tumor differentiation, increased tumor growth and metastases since reduced or absent hERα expression and function correlates with poor tumor differentiation [ 11 36 ] and tumor size is a strong indicator of tumor progression [ 37 ] . Here we investigated nmt55/p54 nrbmRNA expression using Northern blot analyses and ribonuclease protection assays to determine if the reduction of nmt55/p54 nrbprotein expression was the result of transcriptional regulation.
We measure the fit of each function by calculating the residual between actual protein-fold occurrence and the mathematical functions as follows:
However, disruption of GSK3β in mice results in embryonic lethality and impaired NFκ B function [ 37], indicating that GSK3α cannot substitute for GSK3β in this model system.
It could also indicate that the effects are not related to recent intake of antioxidants from wine only but that long-term intake may exert positive effects on lung function.
This association ties in with the function of the SSAPs in single-strand annealing, suggesting that they closely interact with SSB.
Interestingly, Gαi-2, another alpha subunit heavily expressed in taste cells [ 26], also functions to decrease intracellular levels of cAMP and may lead to regulation of IP 3 R3.
The resulting decompositions of evolutionary sequence data allow multiple definitions of sequence, structure and function homology within a protein family, and hence grant new perspectives to family sequence analysis.
We examined the effects of insulin signaling on 5-HT 2C receptor function in isolated rat choroid plexus cells.
Thus, mefloquine apparently crosses the blood-brain barrier and accumulates to sufficient levels to include those concentrations found to disrupt neuronal calcium homeostasis and ER function in vitro . The possibility that a disruption of neuronal calcium homeostasis or ER function may be responsible, at least in part, for the clinical neurotoxicity of mefloquine is worthy of further investigation.
Scientific literature on the health effects of air pollutants provides the source of these concentration-response functions.
This describes various distributions, including the normal, logistic, triangular (where the probability density is unimodal, dropping off linearly to zero in each direction, forming a triangular density function), and others.
It is likely that over time consolidation of functions within DHS may reduce costs below what otherwise would have been the case if these functions continued to operate separately.
A thyroid function screen showed a raised serum thyroglobulin level (54
An aerosol (either albuterol or saline) treatment was given following baseline measurements of heart rate, respiratory rate, wheeze score, arterial oxygen saturation by pulse oximetry, and pulmonary function.
Systemic and local delivery of an adenovirus encoding ATF have been shown to inhibit the growth of primary tumour implants as well as of tumour metastasis in different animal models [ 18 19 ] . In the ATF-BPTI chimeric protein, ATF has two functions (1) the anti uPA effect with its known angiostatic activity and (2) delivery of BPTI at the tumour site due to over-expression of uPAR on tumour and endothelial cells.
The variation in separation distances within a given population can be examined by ordering all the separation distances in the network from shortest to longest and plotting them as a function of distance.
Rv2235 also contains the SURF-1 signature sequence [ 26 ] and modest homology to members of the SURF-1 family such as the SURF-1 protein of Caulobacter crescentus (25% identity; 40% similarity) [ 27 ] . SURF-1 proteins are ~33-kDa, integral membrane proteins whose precise function is not known.
This result indicated that with regard to the mechanism of E. coli topoisomerase I, the ZD domain was likely to function as a single-stranded DNA binding domain instead of having double-stranded DNA binding function as previously suggested [ 21 ] . Even though Zn(II) binding transcription factors that recognise specific double-stranded DNA are well represented in eukaryotes [ 23 24 ] , there are also numerous examples of Zn(II) coordination being required for interaction with single-stranded nucleic acid or damaged DNA with single-strand characteristics [ 24 25 26 27 ] .
Surely it would be relevant to know if it functions similarly to what's being proposed now and to know if it has indeed helped make medicine safer.
Spline Function Input
Clusters of CNCSs are readily apparent in VISTA plots of complex gene regions with known cis -regulatory function (Figures 2and 4).
This hypothesis would account for how tBid affects the function of many different processes without binding directly to several proteins.
The decrease in DP cells is associated with increased apoptosis in both pre-DP and DP cells [ 29 ] . As the defects at the TN to DP transition in these mutants are caused by defective TEC function rather than thymocyte-intrinsic defects, these mice represent an opportunity to study the role of TECs in promoting this transition.
Thus, given a particular genetic background, treatment with an antagonist against CRH-R1 can mimic the genetic abolition of gene function.
This domain, which lies outside the EPK catalytic domain of certain members of the PKC subfamily, mediates the modulatory effects of diacylglycerol and phorbol esters on the function of sensitive PKCs.
The humbling of Clinton would also serve a political function: It would placate conservatives, especially if service were combined with a haymaker congressional censure.
The binding energy function implemented in icm is partitioned into three terms: the hydrophobic, or cavity term, that accounts for the variation of water/non-water interface area, the electrostatic term, composed of the coulombic interactions and desolvation of partial charges calculated by the boundary elements method, and the entropic term, that results from the decrease in the conformational freedom of functional groups buried upon complexation [ 20 ] . A constant term also present in the energy function, that accounts for the change of entropy of the system due to the decrease of free molecules concentration and the loss of rotational/translational degrees of freedom, was omitted, and only differences in the binding energies of the ligands are accurate.
Using whole bacteria and viruses, several studies have sought to measure the mutational decay function for fitness and the overall direction of epistatic interactions [ 25 26 27 28 56 ] . Only one of these studies found net synergistic interactions [ 56 ] . Several other studies with bacteria and viruses have documented widespread compensatory mutations [ 57 58 59 ] , although these studies all used selection to find compensatory mutations rather than directly estimating their frequency.
To elucidate the mechanisms used by tubercle bacilli to survive in macrophages, researchers at several laboratories are studying mycobacterial genes specifically expressed during growth in macrophages [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 ] . Among the genes specifically expressed during intracellular growth are genes encoding two extracytoplasmic function sigma factors, SigE (σ E) and SigH (σ H) [ 3 4 5 ] . Sigma factors play critical roles in the recognition of promoters by RNA polymerase.
Others, like NASA, have a centralized program policy and oversight office, with all program and project management functions conducted at the field activity level.
The deconvolution calculation of the unknown input function I(t) is routinely described by the following three plots: 1) Plot of the calculated I(t) versus time, along with a comparison with the gamma distribution deconvolution (optional) and the model gamma distribution input (optional), 2) Comparison of the calculated deconvolution venous concentration with the experimental data, and 3) Plot of the total amount of absorption versus time.
Once IL-10 is produced it functions in an autoregulatory fashion to suppress proinflammatory cytokine mRNA expression and protein production [ 5 6 7 ] . In addition, IL-10 suppresses the expression of MHC class II molecules and costimulatory molecules such as intercellular adhesion molecule 1 and B7, leading to reduction in T-cell macrophage interactions [ 8 9 10 ] .
The U.S. cost elasticities in Table 1, when applied to the accrued costs of each function, determine the coefficients in the cost function, which in turn generate the unique shape of the unit cost function (Figure 1).
The similarity of the transcriptional responses among the four androgen-responsive cell lines suggests that this expression program may be intrinsic to prostatic epithelial cell function.
The main caveat to hold in mind, in addition to misreading the articles or the articles being a nonrandom sample of published data, is that genes governed by canalyzing functions may have more easily detected genetic eects, hence, be noticed and studied.
The accumulation of the non-circular, broken chromosomes correlated with the growth rate or DNA damage response in most of the recBC -minus background [ 30 ] . The recB or recC null mutation showed low viability even in the absence of exogenous DNA damage [ 31 32 ] . A simple interpretation of these data is that RecA, RecFOR, and RecQJ functions (and RecET functions for the sbcA background) repair chromosome breakage and/or prevent generation of the breakage.
The true relevance of lateralization of function will be ascertained only by careful research that acknowledges that aspects of this function develop throughout the life span, beginning at birth, if not before.
1 fraction was expected as we have demonstrated in several cell systems that the G 1 cell cycle phase increases in length and frequency during exponential growth as a function of cell density [ 11 15 16 ] . This change in G 1 can be demonstrated either by successive harvests from cells plated at a single density or by plating cells at different densities and harvesting simultaneously (as in this study).
Current clinical guidelines [ 5 ] call for persons infected with HIV to take a combination of antiretroviral medications to decrease viral load, maintain immune cell function, and prevent the development of resistant viral strains.
Altered cerebral function may also result in disordered language and difficulty in movements requiring dexterity.
The second website function supports volunteers who are uncomfortable in a new area of law and need guidance and direction.
Using the all-atom function alone to select native-like conformations is not likely to suffice when it is also used in the actual minimisation/search process, since all conformations generated in such searches represent local minima of this function.
We do not yet know the functions of the other sequences (regions 11-14 and 16-20) that-according to the results in Fig.
The data presented suggest that attenuation of apoptosis mayunderlie the beneficial effect of β-blockade on ventricular function,and that the inhibition of apoptosis can possibly lead to improvementin ventricular function.
Though there is disagreement on the subject, good sense and good taste would seem to dictate that this perfectly normal function can be carried out in public with as little obviousness as is feasible.
This is expected because RecF-mediated recombination is non-conservative in the sense that it generates only one progeny DNA molecule from two parental DNA molecules [ 10 ] . Alternatively, RecF function may somehow help generation of broken chromosomes or maintenance of break to load RecA [ 23 ] .

Several aspects of pulmonary function were chosen as outcome measures.
For example, Buchnera is unique among sequenced genomes in having lost recA, which functions in homologous recombination and repair.
It will also be important to determine how cholinergic cells regulate the metabolism of PA - a compound with multiple signaling and structural functions - when the PLD pathway is stimulated to meet the demand for choline.

Although the myristoyl group-accepting sequence improved the ability of the KK mutant version of Boi1-PH to function, it failed to improve the function of the corresponding mutant version (KK) of full-length Boi1.
The selected probability function is the product of these disjoint probability distributions.
The E. coli proteins were treated as modular entities where a module is at least 100 amino acids, carries a biological function, and has an independent evolutionary history.
A nation's total output of goods and services, or its GDP, is a function of the hours worked, the capital stock, and total factor productivity.
These transplanted cells line up properly, make the correct connections and function just like native heart cells.
Gene groups are not explained by gene function or homology
This might correlate with the increased complexity of animal-specific secretory functions.
Meanwhile, a search of the Protein Data Bank (PDB) for the keyword 'unknown function' retrieved 31 protein structures.
The last scoring function, HSP quality score, assigns a score of 20 for HSPs 11-18 nucleotides long without mismatches, and 10 for all other HSPs with an acceptable number of mismatches (no mismatches allowed for HSPs < 11 nucleotides; one mismatch allowed for HSPs up to 18 nucleotides; one mismatch per 50 nucleotides allowed for HSPs > 18 nucleotides).
As quantitative values and functions are warranted, they can then used to constrain the qualitative predictions of the model.
To assign putative functions to clusters, the integrated protein domain recognition program InterProScan [ 97 98 ] was run locally to search translated contig consensus sequences versus all InterPro protein domains (as of 2 April 2002) [ 99 ] . The Prosite, Prints, Pfam, ProDom, and Smart search components of InterProScan were used with default parameters.
The multiple physiological derangements which the potential organ donor manifests require aggressive, labor intensive management in order to maintain organ function until legal brain death is declared and procurement can be undertaken [ 12].
Delegate appropriate management functions so that the Executive Director can be a visible leader among staff and the greater equal justice community;
5, 6, 7), which are evidently important for the shape of the fitness function whether or not a sequence is in the middle of a dense cluster.
The percent of total cost for each function included in the model and cost elasticity (with respect to volume) are shown in Table 1.
A comparison of the manually assigned putative functions with the HERON predicted functions showed that when leaving aside issues of specificity, a nearly equivalent function was predicted in 46% of the cases, whereas in 52% of the cases less information was obtained with HERON.
A Boolean function with K inputs, as noted, can have , , ,   .
Second, it provides a means for researchers to test gene functions by experimentally downregulating expression of specific genes under well controlled conditions.
As a corollary, until the sequence space of a protein family has been sampled sufficiently, insight into the full functions and specificities within a phylogeny remain limited.
Interestingly, many of the biological functions involving phosphoryl transfer form large gene clusters as well.
Gohlke H et al ., 2000 [ 17 ] developed DrugScore, a knowledge-based scoring function, to discriminate between well-docked ligand binding modes and those largely deviating from the native structure.
Fixed/Variable Cost By Major Function a (FY 1999)
The number of cell types in real cells scales as roughly a square root to a linear function of the estimated number of genes in that organism, from yeast to sponge to worm to man.
It is also conceivable that the FAD cofactor of these enzymes functions analogously to NAD, in a deacetylation reaction of acetyllysines similar to that carried out by Sir2 enzymes [ 47].
Since net1 tab 2-1but not CDC14 TAB 6-1also perturbs nucleolar functions [ 18 ] , CDC14 TAB 6-1is a more specific and representative bypass mutant.
Expression profiling has led to dramatic advances in understanding of yeast biology, where homogeneous cultures can be grown and exposed to timed environmental variables [ 7 8 9 10 11 12 ] . Such studies have led to the rapid assignment of function to a large number of anonymous gene sequences.
E-FABP is found in liver and other organs [ 68 ] , but it has been most studied in psoriatic skin lesions [ 69 ] where it has putative roles in FA cytoplasmic transport, skin barrier function and keratinocyte differentiation [ 70 ] . Although links between PPARs and E-FABP have not currently been identified, this gene clustered with other known PPAR-affected genes suggesting a possibly important regulatory link.
Premature ovarian failure is a condition characterized by cessation of normal ovarian function before the age of 40.
Thus direct determination of the location of each AQP within tissues is still required to understand its function in the plant.
While it has been shown in specific cases that disease-associated amino acid substitutions affect protein function, until now few studies have examined this across many genes.
Liver function tests had been determined in 59 patients (80.
However, imaging studies have revealed quite specific anatomical networks for functions of attention such as orienting to sensory events, developing and maintaining the alert state and executive control used in resolving conflict between stimuli and responses (for a review of these networks see [ 2 ] ). We seek to use this anatomical information to define appropriate endophenotypes for genetic studies of attention.
Two of the Meloidogyne genes revealed by our filters, which encode an L-threonine aldolase gene (MI01644) and a deduced protein of unknown function (MI00109), exhibit striking amino-acid identity to rhizobial proteins (48% and 51% respectively), but a complete absence of meaningful homology with any eukaryotic sequence (Table 3).
The same can be said about the function of these clocks: while circadian clock cells in the brain control behavioral rhythms, the biological functions of clocks in peripheral tissues are minimally understood, except perhaps in the case of the antenna [ 14 ] .
While at higher multiplicities of adenoviral infection (MOIs) than those required for efficient transduction there were deleterious effects on naïve T cell viability (data not shown), at the MOIs used we saw no decrease in cell viability or function.
The house cannot be visited, as it is owned by the company that makes Chup-a-chups lollipops, but you can hold a private function in Gaudí’s emblematic home — for a significant fee, of course.
The independent associations between patient factors and hospitalizations for poisonings were examined using multivariate analysis with stepwise Cox Regression (likelihood ratio method) including recipient and donor age, recipient race, gender, weight, pretransplant dialysis (yes/no), year of transplant, duration of dialysis prior to transplantation, total follow-up time, repeat transplant, donor cytomegalovirus serology, dialysis in the first week after transplant (delayed graft function, yes/no), rejection (diagnosis or treatment) occurring during the first six months after transplant, induction antibody therapy, maintenance immunosuppressive medications at time of discharge after transplant surgery, graft loss (analyzed as a time-dependent covariate as previously described), [ 9 ] and cause of ESRD (diabetes, systemic lupus erythematosus (because of the potential effect of corticosteroid therapy prior to renal transplantation), hypertension and glomerulonephritis).
These techniques use models of planting decisions, yield response functions, and agricultural product supply and demand.
The majority of tumors in Wnt-1 TG, Pten +/- mice had lost the wild type allele of Pten , suggesting that the complete inactivation of Pten function provides an additional growth advantage to these tumors.
The experimentally characterized PRC-barrel-containing proteins possess diverse biological functions: the PRC-H subunits themselves are involved in photosynthesis in the purple bacteria [ 14], whereas RimM is a protein that associates with the 30S ribosomal subunit and is required for efficient translation and processing of 16S RNA [ 23, 24, 25].
Gene C is governed by a canalyzing Boolean function.
Only by addressing in a systematic way the functions of each AQP in planta will it be possible to understand such simple but puzzling issues as the reason behind the large number of AQP genes in plants.
Evidently, a detailed analysis of the relevant pathways in A549 and HEp-2 cells promises to shed light on this difference and lead to the identification of the missing function.
ARS consensus sequence has been found near the vicinity of c-myc, lamin beta 2 and Dnmt1 replication origin [ 26 ] . Therefore, Identification and characterization of this protein from insect cells and finding its human counterpart will greatly help in elucidating its possible function in DNA replication.
The structural rigidity of rib cartilage is greatly compromised, fatally interfering with pulmonary function, and vertebral cartilage is so weak that the skeleton often disassembles during skeletal preparation [ 1 ] . These results suggest that Hoxc-8 continues to regulate skeletal development well beyond pattern formation in a tissue-specific manner, presumably by controlling the progression of cells along the chondrocyte differentiation pathway.
Under this environment, the average postpartum mother who does not have other reasons to avoid light, is able to carry on her daily activities, including the care of her infant, without sacrificing her exposure to light that regulates circadian rhythms responsible for many normal biological functions.
Conservation of plasmid sequences can provide clues about the origin of the pXO2 plasmid and about potentially conserved gene functions.
This 3 parameter input function can then be used as the input into PKQuest.
The CASP results indicate that structure prediction methods have matured to a point where they can be applied on a genome-wide scale, and that these structures can be used with novel but straight-forward approaches to annotate and understand function [ 54 55 60 61 ] . The resulting models and annotations, when combined with other genomic/proteomic data, including that from gene expression arrays [ 62 ] , genome-wide two-hybrid experiments [ 63 ] , and other proteomics studies [ 64 ] , will provide us with a dynamic picture of organismal structure, function, and evolution [ 65 ] .
An understanding of how results vary as a function of the scale of the study and as a function of the spatial sensitivity of the method is important for us to evaluate geographic variation in cancer morbidity.
The identification to the GOLD domain may help in a directed dissection of p24-family function and provide novel candidate molecules for experimental studies on secretion and sorting.
Despite the multitude of cellular functions in which coiled-coil proteins participate, the general theme is the association of proteins with the solid-state components of the cell.
Thus, studies of Runx genes in sea urchins, tunicates, and nematodes are likely to highlight primitive, pan-bilaterian regulatory functions of this family of genes in the cell biology of animal development.
Similarly, we have conducted a number of reviews of State's visa function over the years and, based on our work, we believe that there are a number of areas in which the visa function can be strengthened.
Modern cerebral function monitors survey brain electrical activity in real time and reflect changes in brain activity caused by sedatives and other therapeutics [ 34].
(2) outlays for the defense, Social Security, Medicare, and net interest functions; (3) allother receipts and outlays; and (4) the deficit or surplus.
Doing so in a timed, controlled manner will permit in vivo studies addressing PP1 function during discrete phases of the cell cycle, and will be the subject of future endeavors.
[ 1 ] The effect of mefloquine on thyroid function appears not to have been investigated in any phase III or phase IV study.
It is to be expected that more detailed information about its function will be available shortly.
Tyrosine (Y167) and histidyl residues (H57, H111 and H121) are two of these amino acids playing important roles in the function of transporters [ 33 34 35 36 ] . In our mutation screening of families with Bipolar disorder we did not find variants at these positions.
3. We analyzed the highest-scoring translation for each L1 sequence for the extent of the protein alignment, nonsense mutations, and missense mutations that would likely eliminate protein function.
The Pgm Sallele was used for the overexpression experiments presented here, and presumably the overexpressed enzyme should be subject to any regulation or localization characteristic of Pgm S. However, the Pgm Senzyme was overexpressed in a 'wild-type' Pgm Mbackground, and it may be that any phenotypic consequences of Pgm Sallele function are not apparent when Pgm Mis also present.
The wealth of biological information on E. coli is still increasing [ 3] and is contributing to a better understanding of this organism as well as of functions encoded in other organisms.
A phylogenetic profile of a single gene could be corrupted by many genomic events during evolution, such as gene duplication or the possible loss of gene functions after speciation [ 24], which introduces noise into the coevolution patterns.
In King’s Square, you can witness re-enactments of many of its historic functions.
NTPDases are important in many physiological processes like cell motility, adhesion, nonsynaptic information transfer, secretion, regulation of hemostasis and ectokinases [ 1 ] . Understanding the enzymatic mechanisms of the NTPDases will help description of their physiological functions, and development of strategies to regulate the functions of the enzymes.
They then fit VSL as a function of age and extrapolate outside the range of the data to obtain ratios for the very old.
In the quest to determine Arabidopsis TF function and establish the regulatory networks that control the expression of all Arabidopsis genes, the development of a web-based resource that divides TFs into families and allows the rapid download of any Arabidopsis TF sequence and the fast identification of mutants, linked to the possible sequences to which these TFs may bind in the Arabidopsis genome is of pressing urgency.
If the correlogram is sinusoidal with peaks and troughs occurring in the circadian range, we accept the signal as rhythmic - even when the autocorrelation function fails to be statistically significant.
These animals all died within 9 months from lymphomas or other extra-CNS neoplasms known to be associated with abrogation of p53 function.
A mathematical algorithm was used to quantify the sleep-wake dependent dynamics of delta power during both baseline and recovery from SD [ 10 ] . In this algorithm, delta power decreases during NREMS and increases during wakefulness according to saturating exponential functions, the time constants of which are estimated by minimizing the square of the differences between empirical (delta power) data and the values produced by the mathematical functions.
Recently, it has been reported that interstrain and intrastrain variation of gene expression and protein productions of pmpG 6 and pmpG 10 are modulated by deletion of tandem repeats in pmpG 6 [ 9 11 ] and variation in the length of polyguanosine tract in pmpG 10 [ 12 13 ] . This evidence suggests that variation may be an important requisite for the function of this gene family in the biology of Chlamydiae .
When we made networks with K = or K = inputs and randomly chosen Boolean functions, their Derrida curves, as expected, were in the chaotic regime, a percolating green sea existed, and vast purple avalanches careened around the system.
It is infeasible to completely automate functional analysis, because it is impossible to precisely define what protein "function" means.
Details of the maximum likelihood estimation method are presented in [ 18 ] . The profile log-likelihood functions were optimized using a numerical scheme E04 JBF from [ 19 ] ; asymptotic standard errors of the parameters were obtained by approximating second derivatives of the function at the maximum.
[ 11 ] , we fitted functions exp(-αd β) to the measured w ( d ), in order to obtain a two-parameter description of the average effect of single mutations, α, and the directional epistasis, β.
The carboxy-terminal half of each *AroQ protein is of similar length but not highly conserved, and it has no known catalytic or regulatory function.
This paper measures the returns to scale of the U.S. delivery function.
The primary biological function of these proteins appears to be related to polyphosphate and nucleotide metabolism.
When the size of each group is plotted against its usage, the distribution can be approximated to a power-law function; that is, the number of words (N) with a given occurrence (F) decays according to the equation N = aF - b . This distribution has a linear appearance when plotted on double-logarithmic axes, where -b describes the slope.
2) can be identified, which are strictly invariant among all the yCCR4-related proteins, but have no equivalent in the presently aligned AP-endonucleases and DNAseI, or in other Mg 2+-dependent endonuclease fold-containing proteins previously described (not shown) [ 12 13 ] . These CCR4-specific amino acids are most probably relevant to functions common to and specific for all yCCR4-related proteins (see Discussion).
But in fact I'm not bitter--the Voice was where I really developed as a writer and editor, and I'm grateful to it, on the whole--I'm just frustrated: I think the paper served a crucial function as a space for cultural reporting and analysis and culturally radical ideas that were censored elsewhere, and it isn't serving that function anymore, nor has any other publication come close to replacing it.
In this case of a predicted protein function, JEvTrace analysis presented direct evidence for additional binding functions and highlighted the presence of potential subtypes in the RNA-binding specificity.
Ion channel function is modeled as a 'transporter'-derivative 'ion channel' that is used to represent the K +and Ca 2+ion transport pathways as parts of ATP-sensitive potassium channels (KATP) and calcium channels, respectively.
The new information management leaders are accountable for not only the range of information management activities outlined in the PRA, but also for more strategic IT functions such as developing architectures, managing portfolios, and measuring the performance of information technology investments.
(Remember you must have Internet Explorer 4.0 or better or the forthcoming Netscape Navigator for this function to work.)
Thus, in considering models of Ptc function based on Hh-stimulated effects it is important to consider whether the form of Smo that is being observed is the active (coupler/effector bound) signaling state, or perhaps a downregulated and inactive form.
The law specifically states that records generated by emergency and trauma physicians are not covered because their primary function is not to provide substance abuse counseling.
The endothelial cell lining of the blood vessel is extremely sensitive to damage from reactive oxygen species (ROS), the results of which are losses of both microvascular metabolic function and barrier properties [ 46].
Based on the strength of the phenotype and its enhancement by removal of an endogenous copy of Cul1, we infer that the mCul1 expression only partially suppresses Cul1 function to create a hypomorphic phenotype.
They used the game software to increase their familiarity with aircraft models and functions, and to highlight gaps in cabin security.
For example, management is responsible for the operations of the company and members of the board in their oversight function should have the ability to challenge the CEO in managing the company.
However, HF is a clinical diagnosis that does not necessarily exclude those with intact left ventricular systolic function [ 11 ] . Hypertension is a major risk factor for diastolic HF; as many as 25% of asymptomatic hypertensives with left ventricular hypertrophy have diastolic dysfunction.
Biliary epithelial function is partially under the control of secretin and vasoactive intestinal peptide [ 1 ] . Other extracellular agonists that influence biliary function include neuropeptides [ 2 3 ] , ATP [ 4 5 ] , and bile salts [ 6 ] . In addition to the well-documented role that cytokines play in the immune response and inflammation [ 7 8 ] , cytokines also modify the functioning of epithelial cells.
That is Fannie Mae's social function.
If a payoff has an expected (mean) value of p , but residual error variance ∈ dependent on the player's utility function, then the actual payoff p' will be:
The apoptotic processis linked to the development and progression of heart failure aswell as the improvement in cardiac function seen with β-blockade.
Future in vivo studies combining estradiol and selected interleukins may further elucidate how the network of signals from the marrow microenvironment influences both Ocl development and Ocl function.
Since chromosomal deletion can affect more than one gene, M6P/IGF2R loss of heterozygosity alone does not rule out the possibility that other adjacent genes also have a tumor suppressor function in head and neck cancer.
(A quarter century after high school trigonometry, about all I can remember of it is the benevolent Indian “Soh-Cah-Toa”: Sine = o pposite/ hy potenuse, C osine = a djacent/ hy potenuse, T angent= o pposite/ a djacent, relating the lengths of the right triangle's sides to the functions of its angles).
In this approach the function I(t) is estimated on a dense, uniform sequence of time points and the stochastic regularization procedure of De Nicolao et.
As an alumnus and Chairman of that activity, my function is to beat the drums for financial contributions of $1,000 (or more) per year from alumni and friends of the school.
The image for one of the hybridizations was selected to be the reference, and corresponding pixels in the other image were normalized by substituting them into a quadratic polynomial normalization function (of the pixel value), the coefficients of which were estimated by singular value decomposition (SVD) [ 10 ] . This quadratic model allows for some compensation in the event that the response of the phosphorimager changes between measurements.
The presence of cardiolipin has been implicated in the function of numerous mitochondrial proteins including, sites I and III of the electron transport chain, the adenine nucleotide transporter, the protein translocation machinery, and the localization of mitochondrial creatine kinase [ 19 20 21 22 ] .
Human and macaque cDNAs have recently appeared in the database that encompass this clone and the sequences of their encoded proteins are compared in figure 7. These polypeptides contain a predicted coiled coil region (figure 2) but do not contain other functional domains that might indicate their possible function(s).
The association of abnormal liver function tests with other non-exocrine features of 1°SS is shown in Figure 2. Patients with abnormal liver function tests were more likely to have lung, kidney or hematological manifestations, when compared to Sjögren's patients without liver disease.
Future studies should address the possible functions of HSPB2 in normal lens.
Genomic analyses have recently revealed a large gene family of 21 polymorphic outer membrane proteins (Pmps) with predicted outer membrane localization in C. pneumoniae [ 7 10 11 ] . The function of this gene family in chlamydial growth and development remains unknown.
As long as the owner retains the inhouse capabilities to operate as a smart buyer of facilities, there does not appear to be any greater risk from contracting out a broad range of design reviewrelated functions, so long as such functions are widely available from a competitive commercial marketplace.
Analysis of E2F levels revealed that cell cycle oscillations in E2F levels were absent when Slimb function was severely reduced.
Neither provides complete enhancer function by itself.
Next we present the following recursive functions
A simplified search function (Slate Search Lite) will appear on the bottom of every new page from now on, and the full-featured search is available on the Search Page.
Phase angle is regarded as an indicator of cellular health and membrane integrity, a low phase angle being indicative of a deterioration in the integrity or function of cell membranes.
The hierarchical combination first reduces the 10,000 conformations to 8000 by applying the density function, which is then reduced to 6000 by applying the hydrophobic compactness function, which is then reduced to 4000, 3000, 2000, and 1000 in the same order as presented in Table 5.
MAPPFinder builds a local copy of the GO hierarchy using the three ontology files (Process, Component and Function) available from GO [ 12].
However, in spite of these limitations, we used the ejection fraction to define the basal right ventricular function of our patients, because this parameter is measured by the pulmonary catheter we used and because it is the one we use in our clinical department for this purpose.
, annual mean PM concentration) as inputs to the health and welfare C-R functions of the benefits analysis.
The dorsal striatum is a massive nucleus in the basal forebrain that plays a pivotal role in modulating motor activity and higher cognitive function.
In some cases, as in the attachment of PKA, this function appears to be crucial for the spatial regulation of signal transduction.
It is unclear at present how immune responses to Ad-transduced T cells might affect their in vivo function, but the ability to examine early in vivo responses following adoptive transfers for even 3-4 days should prove valuable, and transfers into immune-deficient recipients should facilitate long-term in vivo studies.
The avalanche of new genes resulting from completion of the genome project has accentuated the need to develop methods to determine gene function.
Significantly enhanced expression of the ~64 kDa ERβ hormone binding variant in differentiating trophoblast cells and stimulation of trophoblast differentiation by estrogens indicates a unique role of the ERβ hormone binding domain in the regulation of placental function.
The hypothesis that a protein's rate of evolution is determined by the fraction of residues that are critical to its function, and this, in turn, is likely to be proportional to the number of interactions a protein is involved in, seems to make perfectly good sense.
have demonstrated that spontaneously hypertensive rats(SHR) with symptoms of heart failure had significantly higher levels ofapoptotic myocytes than control myocytes [ 37 ] .When treated with an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor, thenumber of apoptotic cells in the SHR with symptoms of heart failurewas dramatically reduced to control levels; controls were SHR withoutsymptoms of heart failure [ 37 ] . Kajstura et al.have also reported that angiotensin II increased the percentageof apoptotic cells in isolated adult rat ventricular myocytes, andthis effect was mediated by AT-1 receptors [ 38 ] .Although ventricular function was not assessed in these studies,the observations raise the possibility that, like our findings withcarvedilol, the beneficial effect of ACE-inhibitors or AT-1 receptorblockers in heart failure may in part be attributed to an inhibitionof myocyte apoptosis with a resultant improvement in in vivo cardiacfunction, a concept that needs further study.
The Jerusalem Post 's editorial said, however, that Barak's landslide "was not only a function of his opponent's failures, but of Netanyahu's success."
) Predictions: Blue-chip companies will use the Internet to transform themselves; business-to-business e-commerce will flourish; and companies will outsource everything but their core functions.
The present results predict that timing of IFN-γ exposure will be an important determinant of its biological function during in vivo osteoclastogenesis.
3Bshows the maximum Ca 2+current during the test pulse plotted as a function of the pre-pulse potential.
These included the ratio of expiratory time to reach PTEF to the total expiratory time as a primary outcome measure, the tidal volume ( V T ), PTEF, TEF10, TEF25 and TEF50, and 25/PT as other pulmonary function tests of interest.
The analysis of gene function during mammalian embryonic development relies heavily on the use of transgenic mice.
Dezateaux et al . [ 12] compared t PTEF / t E with airway function measured by plethysmography.
Cdc15, Dbf2, and Mob1 are not properly localized to the spindle pole body in a significant fraction of cdc5-1 cells [ 30 31 17 ] , and Dbf2/Mob1 protein kinase activity is diminished in cdc5 cells [ 15 16 17 ] , suggesting that at least one function of Cdc5 is to generate maximally active Dbf2/Mob1, which can then trigger Cdc14 release.
For example, RP L18, which was significantly down-regulated by NGF, has been reported to negatively regulate double-stranded RNA (dsRNA)-activated protein kinase (PKR) [ 45 ] . As an additional example RP S19, which is also down-regulated by NGF, has been implicated in erythropoiesis and has also been described as a monocyte chemotactic factor [ 46 ] . As one last example, rat RP L9 which we found to be up-regulated by NGF starting within a few hours and maximally by 8 hrs, has been shown to be the ortholog of the yeast gene grc5 which appears to be involved in multiple cellular functions including growth control, cytoskeleton control and energy metabolism [ 47 ] . Identification of NGF-regulated RPs should now facilitate exploration of their potential roles in the responses of cells to neurotrophins.
Link lengths in these random populations also become more uniform as a function of object density in the population suggesting that improved uniformity of spacing in denser populations is not a ramification of the mechanism responsible for the patterns found in macrofiber populations.
Analyses of nuclear labeling intensity and comparison to proliferation index as a function of days in culture revealed a strong correlation.
In brief, analysis of survival data involves two interrelated functions: the hazard function h( t ), which given survival until time t, gives the instantaneous potential of an individual to undergo the event of interest, and the survival function S( t ) which gives the probability of survival longer than time t [ 31 ] . The hazard and survival functions vary depending on the specific model.
Once a change in expression of the 240 genes in Table 3 have been validated, similar analyses of their putative function need to be made in order to begin to address what role the genes play in the adaptive and maladaptive response to nerve injury.
Episodes of rejection were not restricted to those occurring in the first year, in contrast to studies of allograft function, since there is no evidence that late (vs.
The lack of disequilibrium between these sites and the 7-repeat has been observed previously [ 34 69 ] . The distribution of alerting score, executive attention score and overall reaction time as a function of each genotypic class were examined by ANOVA, linear regression and non-linear regression analysis.
3E), SCF core subunits are the most likely candidates for such a function.
mod(mdg4) has been implicated in a range of cellular and developmental processes, including chromatin insulator functions [ 52] and apoptosis [ 53], and it has been suggested that its many different isoforms underlie the pleiotropic nature of this gene [ 49].
Automated function annotation was provided using HERON.
This method uses the approach of Verotta [ 4 5 ] in which the input I(t) is parameterized by a general B-spline function and the deconvolution is obtained using constrained regression.
Its principal function appears to be the conservation of body calcium stores in certain physiologic states such as growth, pregnancy and lactation, and the maintenance of bone mineral in emergency situations by means of attenuation of the activity of osteoclasts [ 14].
After partitioning the contributions of w neut ( d ) and w comp ( d ) for all 100 functions w ( d ), we determined α and β for the functions w neut ( d ) in the same way as was done for w ( d ). The functions w neut ( d ) can be thought of as the decay functions without "contamination" by compensatory mutations.
The pattern of residue conservation seen within this core of 250 amino acids is thought to be due to selective evolutionary pressure to preserve the major function of this gene family: catalysis of phosphate transfer from ATP to a protein substrate.
In order to evaluate the deconvolution methods for a more general input function that cannot be described by a single gamma distribution, the procedures will also be tested for the case where the input consists of two distinct gamma distribution, a large standard input and an additional smaller, delayed component.
In addition, the comparison of multiple genomes and the identification of related genes and "core" genes can lead to insight into the structure and function of genes and genomes [ 4 ] . This is very useful in genome annotations and also in the identification and characterization of functions for "newly found" putative genes.
An NMR structural analysis of the HRD domain of Sgs1p and models for the WRN and BLM domains suggests that this region is a single-strand nucleic acid binding domain that functions as an accessory DNA binding region with the helicase domain [ 41].
On stage, every character, every prop, every interjection has a precise symbolic function; on film, those elements no longer stand out in relief.
We have previously determined, using dose-dependent studies, that this concentration is optimal for functions of this chemokine on these embryonic fibroblasts and in processes of granulation tissue formation [ 3 4 ] ). Although chemokine concentrations of 10 -2-10 ng/ml can chemoattract and activate leukocytes, chemokines acting on other cell types such as endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells and fibroblasts require concentrations in the range of 10 2ng/ml and higher [ 4 26 27 28 ] . This is within physiological range; for example wound fluid from burn patients contain MGSA (a chemokine that is highly homologous to cCAF) concentrations of 10 2-10 3ng/ml [ 29 ] . Because both the N-terminal and C-terminal peptides of cCAF have been shown to be functional in culture and in vivo (1-4, 30), we also tested these two peptides (Fig.
However, given that all engagements are a function of time, as well as scope and resources, limitations in one require balancing the others.
For the purpose of our analysis, we analyze changes for the six most economically significant crops for which C-R functions are available: corn, cotton, peanuts, sorghum, soybean, and winter wheat.
Other highly homologous genes of RPS10 are RPS5, RPS9, RPS29, RPL5, RPl27a, and RPL28 [ 26 ] . FLJ12671s a hypothetical gene with an unknown function identified by the NEDO human cDNA-sequencing project [ 27 ] . Blasting the FLJ12671 sequence against the nr database also identified hits on chromosomes 1 and 11, suggesting that this gene has been duplicated on several chromosomes.
The biological function of and any clinical significance of TYRP-1 expression in normal or malignant breast carcinomas are presently unknown.
Retinal dysplasia is characterized by palisading outer retinal cells that surround a central lumen [ 57 ] . It occurs in mice with a variety of genetic defects and in some instances is associated with abnormalities of the retinal pigment epithelium [ 58 59 60 61 62 ] . Both during development and in adult life, the retinal pigment epithelium is critical to retinal function [ 63 ] . BMP2 and 4 may act as negative growth regulators in the retinal pigment epithelium [ 64 ] . It is possible that haploinsufficiency of BMP4 in the retinal pigment epithelium may be responsible for focal retinal dysplasia and displacement of photoreceptor nuclei.
Padilla said the model of owning a building that functions as a one-stop legal service facility is a new endeavor for the organization.
Finally, due to the rapid decay of gene expression following maximal activation, this system can be easily titrated for the duration of the induction necessary by using slow release formulations such as ALZET mini pumps [ 18 ] . The postgenomic era has accentuated the need to develop methods to determine in vivo gene function in cancer and this ecdysone system may be a useful approach to address this.
Most importantly, they will not understand the function of the external funds being provided by the International Monetary Fund and some countries, or where the whole process is heading.
A single bolus injection was also found to produce significant improvements in myocardial blood flow and function [ 9].
The GO Consortium is creating a defined vocabulary of terms describing the biological processes, cellular components and molecular functions of all genes.
6), suggesting that Myr does not impair the function of Boi1-PH.
It is expressed in intestine, kidney, liver and brain [ 16 ] . The function of SLC15A1 is to absorb and transport small peptides [ 17 18 ] . The efficiency of absorption and transportation of L DOPA and its metabolite dopamine, which are neurotransmitter candidates, is increased by SLC15A1 [ 19 ] . Therefore, it is an important potential gene for future drug design, delivery, and targeting [ 20 ] .
Expression monitoring on a genome-wide scale was first successfully demonstrated in budding yeast [ 1 13 14 ] . Whole-genome expression profiles provide a rich source of information on protein function, protein-protein interactions, and gene pathways, and have been compared with data sets describing transcription factor binding sites, protein families, protein-protein interactions, and protein abundance [ 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 ] mainly in budding yeast.
Because of the possibility that alcohol intake was particularly harmful in those with heavy alcohol consumption (a subgroup of the population that consumed predominantly large quantities of beer and liquor) and because an association between light drinking and lung function could be influenced by heavy drinking, we investigated whether the correlation between lifetime beverage specific alcohol intake and lung function were similar in the group with lower alcohol intake.
5. In the absence of LIFR, muscle atrophy may be caused by GC induced alteration of metabolism, which leads to glycogen accumulation, inhibition of protein synthesis and stimulation of protein degradation [ 67 68 ] . Because low levels of RU486 can fully protect Lifr -/- fetal muscle from the late gestation GC surge, the balance between hormone function and muscle integrity appears both delicate and direct.
Several candidates for myosins and kinesins have been identified from plants and their function as motor proteins is under investigation [ 28 29 ] . Besides these few examples, nothing is presently known about plant long coiled-coils and their potential function in anchoring and structuring of different cellular events.
Many genes encode multi-functional proteins, and one kernel document might relate only to a certain aspect of the gene's many functions.
Stroke is defined according to the World Health Organization criteria [ 19 ] as rapidly developing signs of a focal or global disturbance of cerebral function with symptoms lasting 24 hours or longer or leading to death, with no apparent cause other than vascular origin.
Activity of CPK or aldolase was not elevated when measured in 15 of the 29 patients with abnormal liver function tests.
Rec12 (Spo11) protein shares homology with the catalytic (Top6A) subunit of Topoisomerase VI, which functions as a heterotetramer with Top6B [ 16 17 ] . However, no Top6B homolog is present in most eukaryotes and the Rec12 (Spo11) enzyme does not need to affect strand passage in the manner of canonical type II topoisomerases [ 11 ] . We therefore tested whether overexpression of rec12 +would lead to a hyper-recombination phenotype, thereby implicating function as a homodimer.
Local perturbations of chromatin structure can specifically affect the accessibility and/or function of transcriptional regulatory proteins that bind DNA sequences in the region where histone acetylation or deacetylation took place [ 44].
The overall pattern of gene expression provides clues to the diverse functions of Wnt proteins in cancer, cell fate decisions and other developmental events.
Aberrant promoter methylation changes that occur in cancer are associated with transcriptional repression and loss of function of the methylated gene [ 9 ] . Since we found evidence of down-regulated expression of several methylated genes in CC cell lines, we tested to see if this down-regulation could be reactivated by methylation and HDAC-inhibiting agents.
Drosophila and Anopheles (data not shown) may imply that their functions overlap to a greater extent in insects than in nematodes.
At present, in contrast to studies on bacterial and archael ribosomes, relatively little is known about the functions of individual mammalian ribosomal proteins ( [ 42 ] . However, assuming that changes in message abundance lead to alterations in protein levels, it is reasonable to anticipate that the NGF-promoted effects observed here may affect the protein synthetic capacity of the cell in some manner.
To determine the time course of ApppN and AppppN levels as a function of stresses, we used strains BY71-16d and BY71-6c transformed with pRS423, pB05, pB32, or pB86.
In 1996, Mayor Rudolph Giuliani created the Mayor's Office of Emergency Management, which had three basic functions.
Formally speaking, it is not possible to order gene functions based on suppressive interactions involving reduction-of-function (e.g.
In this section the four different techniques described in the background section will be used to determine the intestinal absorption function I(t) by deconvolution (see eq.
ADP-ribosylation of Rho proteins by C3 exoenzyme prevents neurite retraction in the specialized growth cone of developing neurons, and in fact promotes neurite outgrowth in the same fashion as microinjection of purified dominant negative RhoA T19N [ 39 ] . In these instances, neuronal N1E-115 cell outgrowth induced by inactivation of RhoA was mimicked by microinjection of Rac1- or Cdc42-GST fusion proteins, and could be abolished by coinjection of dominant negative Cdc42 T17Nor Rac1 T17N [ 39 ] . From these results, the authors concluded that inactivation of RhoA by C3 exoenzyme treatment resulted in the activation of Rac1 and Cdc42 GTPases, suggesting the mutually exclusive function of RhoA and Rac1/Cdc42.
In this group of Sjögren's patients seen at a tertiary care center, abnormal liver function tests were found to be a common non-exocrine feature of 1°SS.
It is striking that most of the genes identified in this screen as positive regulators of Drosophila life span are implicated in functions at the membrane, including regulation of transport, phospholipid metabolism, signal transduction and actin cytoskeleton organization.
The bottom row compares the true model intestinal gamma input function (green) with the intestinal input rate determined by the gamma distribution deconvolution method (see below) using this r(t) (black).
The fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids is known to reflect the phospholipid composition of cell membranes [ 10 ] . Because the fatty acid composition of membrane phospholipids is a major determinant of membrane fluidity and function [ 11 ] , any alteration in fatty acid composition of membrane phospholipids could contribute to the red cell abnormalities seen in SCD, such as cation imbalance, dehydration, reduced deformability and hypercoagulability [ 12 13 ] .
If compensatory mutations were responsible for the shift of β to values below one, then by adjusting the function w ( d ) to remove their contribution we should find a distribution of β symmetrical around one.
Hsp90 is a highly conserved molecular chaperone necessary for viability and for proper folding, processing, and function of proteins involved in several signal transduction pathways [ 31 32 ] . Interestingly, mammalian hsp90 has been shown to specifically interact with PP5, and this interaction may have important consequences in PP5 structure and function [ 33 34 ] . An hsp90 ortholog has been described in Pf [ 35 ] , but its function is currently unknown.
The Alternative Estimate uses alternative C-R functions to evaluate the effect of short-term exposure to particulate matter on premature mortality.
It has been suggested that at various times throughout metazoan evolution, HMG-box containing sequences duplicated, in each case leaving one redundant copy, which was free to evolve a new function or be lost from the genome [ 33 ] . The spare HMG-box-containing fragment recruited preexisting functional domains and formed mosaic proteins capable of rapidly taking on novel function.
In this approach the intestinal absorption function is determined on a uniform, dense sequence of time points and the stochastic regularization procedure of Nicolao et.
The observed GC activity excess suggests that LIF and LIFR are integral to GC regulation, but that the relationship is complex and that alterations in GC response are likely to result from altered balance of the GC response cascade induced both by gain and loss of LIFR function.
We found no significant differences in risk factors for abnormal liver function tests among patients with or without hepatic involvement.
A "default" set of parameters is determined without any user input, based on the assumption that the input function can be roughly approximated by a gamma distribution.
Gestapo, led to the FBI's being assigned responsibility for internal security functions and counterespionage.
In addition to these functions in the developing CNS, GABA signaling is also required for the normal development of non-neural tissues.
MEK's primary role is activation of MAP kinase through threonine and tyrosine phosphorylation of MAP kinase which in turn phosphorylates and regulates the function of several nuclear proteins, such as transcription factors, as well as cytosolic and membrane-associated proteins, such as the insulin and EGF receptors.
Further investigation revealed an autosomal-dominant inherited defect in the anticoagulant function of factor V resulting in resistance to the anticoagulant action of activated protein C (APC) [ 18].
However these two types of blood vessels serve distinct functions in the circulation, i.e. resistance vs. capacitance.
6), this method returned a nearly perfect fit to the model input function.
Federal government members represent agencies that have functions related to telecommunications research, standards, regulation, law enforcement, or intelligence or are major telecommunications users.
Xenopus nocturnin ( xNoc ). As we originally reported [ 36], XNOC protein is similar to a large, C-terminal domain of the transcriptional regulator, CCR4, but appears to be lacking in several regulatory domains critical to CCR4 function.

The documentation of this unique subfamily of HMG box proteins is a necessary initial step in evaluation of their biological function.
Interestingly, the rec12-Y98F mutant produced a significantly higher frequency of inviable spores than the rec12-117 and rec12-D15 mutants (Figure 4A), suggesting that rec12-Y98F is a separation of function mutation.
However, their functions and ligand specificities remain to be understood.
Overall, the spline function method seems to be superior, at least for inputs with this time course.
In contrast, TGF-β1 protects L929 cells from TNF cytotoxicity by upregulating the expression of antiapoptotic TIAF1, TIF2 and a novel matrix protein [ 11 12 13 14 ] . TGF-β1 blocks PH-20-increased TNF susceptibility [ 15 ] . Likewise, PH-20 inhibits TGF-β1-induced TNF-resistance [ 15 ] . TGF-β1 suppresses PH-20-mediated ERK activation [ 16 ] ; however, the ERK activation is not related with PH-20-increased TNF susceptibility in L929 cells [ 15 ] . Whether the proapoptotic p53 and WOX1 block the function of antiapoptotic TIAF1 and TIF2 is not known.
Use of the Linear Interpolation Method is based on the assumptions that the responses (1) are monotonically non-increasing (the mean response for each higher concentration is less than or equal to the mean response for the previous concentration), (2) follow a piece-wise linear response function, and (3) are from a random, independent, and representative sample of test data.
Knowledge of brain structures involved in performance will serve to constrain candidate gene identity and function and thus facilitate the integration of genetic information.
In another study, a different approach was taken to inhibit the intracellular function of F. The domain of RhoA that binds to F was mapped to RhoA residues 77-95 [ 14 ] . In cell culture, a peptide of this sequence inhibited syncytium and cell-to-cell spread of the virus, suggesting that the two might be related, and that syncytium formation required signaling through RhoA [ 14 ] . The same peptide, however, also inhibited human parainfluenza virus type 3 (HPIV-3), the reason for which was not obvious.
While these studies are helpful in broadly defining the function of IL-10, it is difficult to determine the cytokine dose and timing by these means.
There appear to be two distinct subclades within the YlxR sequence family, both consisting of proteins with unknown or uncertain function (S 1 and S 2 , Figure 2a).
The magnification of a power function was found up to a 6-fold input ratio or 30-fold detected ratio.
Virtually every newspaper in the country has married some editorial and business functions, but Willes would go further.
, to a membrane-localization tag) improve the function of mutant versions of Boi1-PH that are impaired in the ability to bind PIP 2 ? One possibility is that each of these mutant versions of Boi1 retains at least a slight affinity for PIP 2 and that the myristoyl group causes these mutant PH domains to be apposed close enough to the lipid bilayer to enable the residual PIP 2 -binding activity to now be sufficient for binding to PIP 2 . We speculate that, just as binding to PS may serve to position the PH domain of wild-type Boi1 near the plasma membrane in a manner that facilitates binding to PIP 2 , the myristoyl group may help to situate the PH domain of the mutant versions of Boi1-PH at the plasma membrane in a manner that facilitates binding to PIP 2 .
The severity of the patients' condition was determined by their Kellgren grades on radiographs and by the Hospital for Special Surgery Hip Scoring System, which includes an assessment of pain, walking status, muscle power and overall function, using a 10-point scale for each parameter.
unc-129 is expressed dorsally and loss of UNC-129 function disrupts dorsal axon migrations.
The contact plots of APE1 and DNase1 with their respective substrates (Figure 6) documents that the similar molegos in the proteins serve similar functions.
Identify all major functions performed by the finance organization (e.g.
As duplication events are known to incur a fitness cost [ 50, 53], the fitness function of duplicated genes most probably resembles an inverted parabola, such that it contains a clearly defined maximum [ 28, 53].
For example, a hypothetical study conducted in New York and one conducted in Seattle may report different C-R functions for the relationship between PM and mortality, in part because of differences between these two study populations (e.g.
The error function that is minimized to determine the input vector U is the sum of two terms [ 1 ] :
Altered vascular function in older individuals is evidenced as impaired endothelial function [ 8 9 10 ] , an altered ratio of endothelin receptors [ 11 ] , and/or altered reactivity of the smooth muscle to sympathetic activity [ 7 12 ] . Reduced endothelial function is related to impaired formation and decreased activation of nitric oxide [ 13 14 ] and is particularly prominent in older subjects with evidence of cardiovascular disease [ 15 ] , diabetes [ 16 ] , or obesity [ 17 ] . Interestingly, aging does not appear to effect endothelium independent vasodilation [ 10 14 ] .
The monumental spaces are comparable in size and function.
Answering these questions will facilitate identification of primitive (general) and derived (specialized) aspects of Runx gene structure, function and regulation.
One useful function of dictionaries till recently was that they showed syllabic breaks, enabling letter- and novel-writers alike to discover where to hyphenate words.
Their role in the structure or function of the FPP proteins is presently not known, but their high degree of conservation in the tomato and rice sequences imply that they are of relevance.
High amplitude delta waves can be associated with global cerebral dysfunction, indicating brain damage or potentially reversible metabolic suppression of cerebral function.
With the increasing effect on the animals of gene function impairment, the animals' loadings on the first component become more similar to the genetic CRH-R1 inactivation.
CED7 functions in the engulfment of cell remnants during programmed cell death [ 7 ] .

Based on colony-sectoring analyses, the KK, TK, and KKTK mutant versions of Boi1 are all impaired in function.
Whether Hyal-2 enhances the apoptosis-inducing function of WOX1 was determined.
While the experimentally known cis -regulatory information is rather limited, the use of high throughput micro-array expression studies in recent times have generated transcript profiles of Arabidopsis genes so as to infer the functions of known and putative TFs.
In univariate analysis, current antiretroviral therapy was associated with only two HRQOL dimensions: therapy was negatively associated with Role Function and positively associated with Mental Health.
At least one third of the 48 human members of the nuclear hormone receptor superfamily function as heterodimers with the Retinoid X Receptors, (RXRs, NR2B1-3) [ 1 ] . Some, but not all of these heterodimers can be directly activated by RXR agonists, called rexinoids, which include the endogenous ligand 9-cis-retinoic acid (9-cis-RA) and a number of synthetic compounds.
The CIA was specifically accorded "no police, subpoena, or law enforcement powers or internal security functions."
Functions Learn what implementation has been achieved, understand unexpected aspects; understand reasons why implementation looks the way it does; useful when enabling legislation has given flexibility
However, these approaches are limited because the gene underlying a QTL may not be recognized as a good candidate gene if little is known about the gene's function and/or if a QTL region is large, in which case sequencing every gene within the QTL requires considerable time, cost and labor to complete.
Thus, we propose to study polymorphisms in genes involved in a number of systems and pathways related to stroke risk [ 5 ] : genes associated with coagulation factors and thrombophilia (Factor V, Prothrombin, Fibrinogen, Factor VII, Factor XIII, PAI-1, Thrombomodulin [TM], and MTHFR), as well as polymorphisms in genes that are involved in vascular reactivity (ACE), platelet activation/function (GpIIb/IIIa, GpIb IX-V, and GpIa/IIa), endothelial cell function (MTHFR, TM, VCAM-1, E-Selectin, L-Selectin, P-Selectin, and ICAM-1), inflammation (TNFα), lipid metabolism (Apo A1 and Apo E), and cell adhesion (VCAM-1, E-Selectin, L-Selectin, P-Selectin, and ICAM-1).
We postulate here that elements conserved in all the members of related protein families dictate common structures and also common "functions", i.e., individual steps in a complex reaction.
To accomplish this, we have constrained metabolic function based on the most reliable information, the metabolic stoichiometry (the stoichiometry is well known for the vast majority of the metabolic processes).
The use of a richer function set, includingBoolean operators and other mathematical operators, may allow moreflexibility in the NN models.
Figure 3shows the venous concentrations as a function of time when a low dose of ethanol (0.
This comparison examines the performance gains achieved through the use of binary operations (shift, exclusive OR, OR, bit scan) as replacements for the equivalent functions in the standard USM (division by 2, subtraction, max, and log).
The AQP1-mediated ion conductance may contribute measurably to the function of tissues in which AQP1 is abundantly expressed, such as in the mammalian renal proximal tubule [ 13 ] . Further work is needed to assess the additional levels of regulatory control that may constrain the availability of the AQP1 proteins to serve as ion channels gated by cGMP, within a background of constitutive water channel activity.
The most striking initial differences in M. incognita GO representation from the other three species were for molecular function, where 52% of Meloidogyne clusters had ligand-binding/carrier mappings versus 24-28% for the other species, and cellular component, where 15% of M. incognita clusters had extracellular mappings versus 0-2% for the other species.
As actin is utilized by myosin for motility, the possible functions of myosin in plants are closely linked to the functions of actin.
The simplest interpretation is that Rec12 functions in a multisubunit protein complex; a complex in which other components are required either for efficient catalysis of dsDNA breaks or for correct subcellular localization of Rec12.
In this regard, a recent study has demonstrated the ability of BMP-4 to inhibit cyclic AMP-stimulated androgen production by the cultured human theca cell line, presumably by activating BMP receptors (BMPR-IA, -IB, and -II) which are expressed in these cells [ 34 ] . Because theca derived androgen is required for follicle estrogen biosynthesis and has been implicated in ovary pathology [ 35 ] , it will be interesting to determine how the expression and functions of these TIC-specific BMPs are integrated into the overall processes of physiology and pathophysiology.
NPC clusters, NE herniations, or membrane sealing of NPCs) [ 23 31 35 ] , and in previous studies GFP-epitope tagging of Nic96p or Nup170p did not inhibit function [ [ 26 ] , our unpublished observations].
The identification of functional non-coding sequences, such as untranslated regions (UTRs), genes for non-protein-coding RNAs, and cis -regulatory elements, poses an even more difficult problem for comprehensive genome annotation, as the rules governing their structure and function remain more elusive.
The discovery of such possible functions will require in planta examination of transgenic plants and an extension of analyses beyond highly selective water and small-molecule permeability assays in heterologous systems and protoplasts.
3%), all of whom had abnormal liver function tests.
The Postal Service developed the coverage function and first used it in the Docket No.
It is possible that sα i2 functions as a short-lived protein regulating some aspect of membrane transport pathways; however, no experiments to directly support or refute this hypothesis have been reported.
The clinical relevance of this line of investigation is a function of the prevalence of trauma in our world today and the need to provide life-saving intervention quickly after injury.
The resulting correction in any cross-section through the center was thus a series of step functions, which roughly approximated a Gaussian distribution A smoother approximation could have been achieved outside Photoshop, but the visual results of the current scheme were smooth to human observation.
This disproportionate increase in the percentage of LTR retrotransposons as a function of genome size is consistent with the view that genome size variability in plants is often heavily dependent on variation in LTR retrotransposon content [ 27, 28].
6, right column), any errors in the intestinal input function I(t) must result from the deconvolution procedure.
The scoring functions used for the final filtering include the all-atom function [ 32 ] , hydrophobic compactness [ 40 ] , a simple residue-residue contact function [ 44 ] , a density-scoring function that is based on the distance of a conformation to all its relatives in the conformation pool, contact order [ 45 ] , a secondary structure based scoring function that evaluates the match between the predicted structure and the secondary structure of a final energy-minimised conformation, and standard physics-based electrostatics and Van der Waals terms [ 46 ] .
This fact underscores the need to elucidate gene function, yet many of the tools that have propelled the study of model organisms remain inefficient or nonexistent in Plasmodium . Despite recent improvements in P. falciparum transformation techniques, [ 7] the efficiency of stable transfection under a direct drug selection remains approximately 10 -6, making knockout and gene replacement experiments difficult, and genetic complementation strategies nearly impossible.
Conservative clothing at business-related functions ought to put you both at ease.
This finding underlines the fact that an impaired adrenocortical function contributes to vascular hyporesponsiveness in septic shock.
This is not to say that for the purpose of administrative efficiency, it would not make sense to divide functions between the federal and state governments.
A goal is to develop gradients of preference from "most-to-least dispensable" gene functions.
This would include annotation of internal nodes of a gene tree with a "biological function".
This is a set of genes whose functions are intuitively perceived as important, much isolated information has been accumulated, yet their function is far from being understood.
When Wilcha and his colleague were given the job of starting the alt-rock catalog, they explicitly adopted a team structure, breaking down the traditional hierarchical division between the 19 th and 17 th floors and integrating the marketing, creative, and design functions in a way that had never been done before at Columbia House.
The primary support for the pelvic organs comes from the pelvic floor muscles [ 1 2 ] . This suggests that an alteration to the levator ani supportive function may significantly contribute to the pathogenesis of PFD [ 3 ] , which affect 5% of younger and nearly 50% of elderly women [ 2 ] . In women, the levator muscles form a horizontal shelf with an anterior midline cleft (the urogenital hiatus) through which the urethra, vagina, and rectum pass.
Genes were also chosen which displayed a wide range of fold-changes and varying p values and possible functions were taken into account (Table 2).
The normal function of transforming growth factor β 1 (TGFβ 1 ) is essential for the entire organism, representing a multifunctional regulator of cell growth and differentiation [ 1 2 3 4 5 ] . TGFβ 1 is a potent inhibitor of epithelial cell proliferation.
Alcohol from beer and liquor is not significantly related to pulmonary function.
On the basis of comparison with its close relative Mycobacterium tuberculosis, M. leprae shows a pattern of genome reduction that includes both loss of large fragments and also loss of gene function through slight changes in sequence [ 41].
Cholesterol and phospholipids are the major lipid components of cell membranes and the major determinants of membrane fluidity and function [ 11 ] . In the present study, using the cholesterol content and the fatty acid composition of red cell membranes as surrogates for tissue membranes in children with SCD and healthy controls, we found significant correlations between phase angle with both cholesterol and the proportions of specific n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the red cell phospholipids of these subjects.
Both VASP and WAVE function in controlling actin dynamics at the leading edge - VASP is thought to promote filament elongation, and WAVE, actin nucleation [ 25 26 ] . Both VASP and WAVE1 were de-localized from the leading edge after 1 min of BDM treatment [Figure 4].
First we define the following two functions
Estrogen deficiency has been implicated as a risk factor in the development of several neurodegenerative diseases [ 16, 17, 18] and estrogen replacement may result in improvement of cognitive function [ 19].
' Another entry under L is Laadan , a language constructed by linguist Suzette Hayden Elgin and first used in her science fiction novel Native Tongue , a language which is designed to contain many “woman function” words not included in English.
In fact, it must be conceded that even the function of the intact periplasmic pathway to phenylalanine is unknown.
The tumor suppressor gene PTEN (also called MMAC1) has been found deleted or mutated in a great variety of human tumors and tumor cell lines [ 1 2 3 ] , and its tumor suppressing function has been confirmed in several in vitro studies [ 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ] . Mice which are homozygously deficient in wild-type PTEN die during embryonic development and harbor regions of increased cellular proliferation, whereas heterozygous mice are viable but spontaneously develop tumors of various origins [ 11 12 ] .
As seen in Figure 9, both frameshift mutations lead to elimination of a highly conserved motif (NCVpRFaDT) near the carboxyl terminus of the peptide - a region that must be critical to proper function or folding.
An evaluation of the cellular localization and distribution of the gene product as well as loss and gain of function manipulations in vitro and in vivo are required.
Net1 is unlikely to directly regulate transmission of the tester chromosome, because it is only localized to rDNA in the nucleolus [ 15 16 17 ] . Thus, the difference between net1 tab 2-1and CDC14 TAB 6-1presumably results from molecular defects unique to the former mutant, including defective nucleolar structure and function, or perhaps defective nuclear transport ( [ 18 ] ; Figure 6).
For each of the 21 countries in the international data set described above, we calculate the value of scale in the delivery function using the same approach we used for the U.S. with a slight modification.
However, the lack of key activation domains in nocturnin that are required for the function of CCR4 suggests that yeast CCR4 may not be the best model for delineating NOCTURNIN function.
This is especially important during early embryonic development as well as in the development and function of adult tissues such as the gonadal cells (ie ovarian and testes) [ 41, 48].
testosterone-regulated KAP promoter activity in proximal tubule cells [ 15 ] as well as estrogen-regulated endothelial cell function [ 16 ] ). Given these limitations, our data suggest that sex steroids do not alter renal cell sensitivity to the cytotoxic effects of this Stx-1.
Many of the organizations and the members stated that the personal relationships and contacts developed through participating in information-sharing organizations was as important, if not more important, in developing trust than the information received by attending an organization's function.
Team members were able to assist other team members when needed, which helped develop team members' skills in functions they did not previously perform.
Established in 1998, this Division is an integrated product team of experts such as engineers and electronic technicians, who perform all of the functions required to repair ground-based radar systems.
In C. elegans, EGL-9 is required for normal egg laying, whereas loss of its function provides resistance to hypercontractile muscular paralysis caused by Ps.
Still, it appears likely that Siah1a may play an important role in mGluR signaling in addition to any putative function regarding the proteasome pathway.
The splines are then used as signal-dependent normalization functions on the signals of x . The target signals can be from another array or could be means calculated from multiple arrays as just described.
The presence of a rhodanese domain in MoeBR and MoeZ suggests that these members of the family may perform an additional function compared to MoeB.
failed to find a protective effect of wine intake on pulmonary function [ 18 ] . These authors 'classified participants into categories of light, moderate and heavy drinkers based on the amount (drinks per occasion) and frequency (rarely, occasionally, weekly and daily) of consumption of alcoholic beverages.
Taken together, our results demonstrate that insulin/IGF-1 signaling down-regulates 5-HT 2C receptor function in choroid plexus and Xenopus oocytes via MAP kinase, and that the 5-HT 2C receptor is a substrate for MAP kinase.
As a result, on 16 August 1982 the Canary Islands were given autonomous status, with nearly all governmental functions transferred from Madrid and the status of capital being shared between Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Las Palmas de Gran Canaria.
But he could have mentioned a most important function that the book fulfills: that of setting straight the many misapprehensions regarding the origins of English place-names.
Most of the acquired genes have no known functions, though a few are annotated as membrane proteins, phages or IS.
Subsequent work has shown that this covalent modification of cellular proteins is involved in the regulation of virtually all cellular functions.
In the context of this study, we wished to explore density dependent expression as a function of these two types of transformants.
REMSAD also gives visibility, which is used as an input into the visibility damage function.
Likewise, the presence of the euryarchaeal-type solo PRC-barrels in every euryarchaeal genome, despite the metabolic diversity of these euryarchaea, suggests that these proteins probably have a core cellular function.
Delivery function" as used in this paper refers to street delivery.
With a very large number of input neurons it is possible to overload the middle-layer neurons, effectively always operating them at one extreme limit or the other; this can have the undesirable effect of reducing their sigmoid transfer function to a step function, with the loss of the network's non-linearity.
Nearly all of the proteins with known functions in the output were GshBs or other members of the ATP-grasp superfamily.
Marcotte et al . [ 10] used correlated evolution, correlated mRNA profiles and patterns of domain fusion for genome-wide function prediction.
In addition, past findings support the possibility that at least some of the regulated RPs have extra-ribosomal actions that may affect neuronal differentiation and function.
(5) Error Function = ( Y - GU ) T ( Y - GU ) + γ U T ( F T F ) U 
The phase was defined as linear function of time between two onsets of inspiration.
Several studies of protein folding in silico indicate that widespread neutral networks exist, comparable to the situation for RNA sequences [ 39 49 50 ] . Moreover, decay functions similar to the function w ( d ) studied here have been measured in vitro [ 51 52 ] by making fitness a binary variable (e.g.
One important assumption that we adopted for the threshold sensitivity analysis is that no adjustments are made to the shape of the concentration-response function above the assumed threshold.
Looking to the future, about onethird of the responding agencies reported that they are considering further outsourcing of design review functions.
The second bias in Boolean functions are the canalyzing Boolean functions.
This data may offer clues as to which transcripts are involved in basic neuronal function, as opposed to a function that may be specific to the brain.
An example in the case of the recombinase genes is the loss of recF, which is required for some recA functions [ 38] and which was deleted individually with both flanking genes retained (Table 1).
We summarize the findings of our qualitative uncertainty analysis in Table 5, which draws on past damage function uncertainty characterization [ 4 ] .
The first function acts as a forum for finding volunteers for such activities as consulting on cases, handling economic development transactions or working on intake systems.
The soluble guanylyl cyclases are important signaling molecules in animals that transduce signals mediated by the gaseous first messenger, nitric oxide [ 16 17 18 19 ] . In animals, NO functions as a neurotransmitter both in the central and peripheral nervous system.
AF-1 Activation function 1
These potential isoforms may have altered biological function due to the loss of domain specific interactions.
In addition, the maternal GC surge effectively leads to fetal glycogen accumulation in the liver for energy demands at birth, increased fetal bioavailable tri-iodothyronine from thyroxine to allow for an increased metabolic rate and thermogenesis required at birth, maturation of the fetal small gut to prepare for digestion, heightened fetal adrenal medullar catecholamine release for control of the above processes, maturation of fetal kidney function and a switch to bone marrow hematopoiesis from the fetal liver [reviewed by [ 41 ] ]. The timing of this maternal surge suggests that LIFR function is required at this point in development as a moderator of the consequences of excess GC level.
where A is the total amount reaching the systemic circulation, Γ is the gamma function, a is the gamma number (usually between 1.0 and 6.0) and b has units of inverse time.
In the smoothing algorithm the spline points differ from the experimental data points by an amount that is proportional to the jump in the third derivative of the cubic spline function.
Many RING-finger-containing proteins that may act as ubiquitin ligases under certain conditions have otherwise diverse structures and functions [ 32 ] . It is clear that Siah can act in the ubiquitin pathway, targeting some proteins for proteolysis, under certain circumstances.
Because genes with different functions evolve at different rates [ 24, 25], the observed relaxation of selection in paralogs could potentially be due to an over-representation of fast-evolving genes in the paralogous gene set.
The functions of Boi1/Boi2 appear to be linked to those of Cdc42 and Rho3, which are Rho-type GTPases that are important for polarized cell growth [ 4 5 6 7 8 9 ] . Boi1 and Boi2 display two-hybrid interactions with both wild-type and mutationally activated Cdc42 but not with a mutant version of Cdc42 that is predicted to be impaired in the ability to bind nucleotide, suggesting that Boi1 and Boi2 may associate with the GTP-bound ("active") form of Cdc42 [ 1 ] . Further evidence that some function of Boi1 is linked to that of Cdc42 is that overexpression of Boi1 inhibits bud emergence and that this inhibition can be suppressed by overexpression of Cdc42 [ 1 2 ] . RHO3 can serve as a multicopy suppressor of the lethality caused by deletion of BOI1 and BOI2 [ 1 2 ] . These findings are consistent with the possibilities that Boi1 and Boi2 are targets of Cdc42 that promote cell growth in a manner that is regulated by Rho3.
We conclude that limiting SCF function induces apoptosis.
PS-exposing MP in blood appear to act as the catalytic surface for assembly of the prothrombinase complex [ 7 ] . Although circulating MP of various cellular origin in patient with sepsis were reported to be procoagulant through multiple mechanisms [ 8 9 ] , in healthy individuals they may have an anticoagulant function by promoting the generation of low amounts of thrombin that activate protein C [ 2 ] .
More than 290 SSH clones encoded proteins with insufficient similarity to proteins of known function to assign a function with confidence, and we therefore classified them as being of unknown function.
Ec-moeB was included in the study because its function has been extensively characterized.
These include basic metabolic and transporting functions, structural, cell-adhesive and signaling functions, as well as transcriptional regulation.
Further, diaphragmatic fatigue might be related to SERCA function [ 49 ] and, as discussed above, our emphysematous animals showed decreased diaphragm strip fatigability.
That is, each data point y is taken to be a realization from a normal mixture distribution with the probability density function:
The function of the in-house intellectual is to think up Big Ideas that are to be imprinted into the historical period of the time (New Frontier, Great Society) or to stroke visiting journalists or to combat other intellectuals.
The current challenge in MHC-peptide binding prediction is twofold: (1) accurate prediction of peptide backbone conformation for subsequent sidechain packing (2) accurate estimation of function by such predictions for quantitative MHC-peptide binding studies.
We then estimate the latent factors of the left-out sample by maximizing the likelihood function (Equation 4).
In mammals, this family of K +channels activates at potentials considerably more positive than observed in other K +channel types; these channels have the ability to produce currents that can specifically enable fast repolarization of action potentials without compromising spike initiation or height [ 21 ] . Also, these channels are localized at specialized regions in mammalian brain associated with higher-order cognitive functions, such as the thalamus and cortex [ 22 ] . Furthermore, Kv3 channel sequence identities are lower between Drosophila and mammals than are other K +-channel types.
2C, 2D), where both cullins seem constitutively neddylated, argues against a critical role for dynamic cycles of neddylation and deneddylation in cullin function in fission yeast.
The neurotrophins play crucial functions in the interaction of muscles with their innervating neurons during development and in the adult vertebrate organism.
To examine this function in more detail, we employed a culture system that facilitates chondrocyte maturation and cartilage formation, and closely recapitulates the in vivo situation [ 11 ] . The micromass system has been used extensively for studies of cartilage formation from limb mesenchyme [ 10 11 12 13 ] and also for culture of chondrocytes in high density [ 14 ] . Here, we have adapted the system to neonatal mouse rib chondrocytes, to study the role of Hoxc-8 in chondrocyte maturation.
If the wage premium measure is valid, then seven countries have a wage premium alone which exceeds the value of scale in the delivery function; Australia, Austria, France, Japan, Luxembourg, Switzerland and the United States.
(Note that this C-R function is based on the original air quality dataset used in the ACS study, covering 50 cities, and used the median PM2.
A recent study showed the availability of striatal DRD2 receptors was decreased as a function of increasing BMI [ 35 ] , supporting the idea that reward-seeking behavior plays a role in the onset or continuation of obesity.
Little is known about the function and substrates for CPKs in Arabidopsis.
Characters often take several minutes to enter and exit the stage, moving painfully slowly in one of Japan’s greatest examples of form over function.
The interpolating spline function defined over the k th interval, is defined for the parameters a 
A major advantage of having the four methods and the PBPK model available in a single, user friendly, software package is that it allows other investigators to carry out similar evaluations using their particular input and response functions.
In this case, genes that function for primary biosynthesis in the donor genome did not displace the corresponding genes in the recipient genome, but have instead been recruited to a specialized function.
The exact mechanism by which statins perform their effects on bone cell function is a central issue.
The complex changes in lung function, morphology, and gene expression caused by compounds in cigarette smoke involve a combination of direct and indirect effects on cells, but principally center around an increase in airway inflammation as a result of cigarette smoking.
The subunit A protein is approximately 70 kDa in most organisms studied and is a hydrophilic peptide located in the head group of the V 1 peripheral sector in three copies per holoenzyme [ 18 ] . This subunit contains a nucleotide binding motif and functions to bind and hydrolyze ATP [ 19 ] . In addition, subunit A contains a highly conserved cysteine residue located within the enzymes' catalytic center that may be involved in regulation of the holoenzyme [ 20 21 22 23 ] . Cloning, sequencing and characteristics of subunit A of the V-Type ATPase from Arabidopsis thaliana have been previously reported [ 24 ] .
Then the power functions ( d , ) are drawn in Figure 3, which may help make a decision on the required number of replicates.
Almost nothing in this memorable space—the gilded Art Deco chandeliers, the travertine walls, the massive Corinthian columns at each end—was a product of its rather mundane function: to provide a waiting space for people, before they descended the staircases that led to the platforms below.
The first is based on observations that PLD2 is inhibited by α-synuclein [ 36 ] , a protein of unknown function that accumulates in the amyloid deposits in AD brain.
Aging has been associated with decreased function and exercise performance [ 1 2 ] . Decreased exercise performance has been related to decreased oxidative capacity [ 3 4 ] and decreased muscle mass [ 4 ] . Vascular alterations in structure and function due to aging could also contribute to decreased exercise performance through impaired blood flow [ 5 ] . Decreased capillary density [ 6 ] and a thickening of vascular walls [ 7 ] are present with aging.
However, information about gene function is primarily contained in the 11 million articles indexed in the Medline database.
This assay measures cell viability as a function of cleavage of the tetrazolium salt WST-1 by mitochondrial dehydrogenases in viable cells to formazan.
Alternatively, a pseudomonad ancestor could have contained the genes for and produced pdtc, but this function could have been lost from most strains.
Of particular interest is the large number of ORFs within both categories (39% in trophozoite and 61% in schizonts) with no putative functions assigned.
Fourth, we conducted a quantitative sensitivity test on one aspect of the PM-mortality dose-response function.
The first of these deals with the concept of the molecular clock and predicts that, as long as a protein's function remains unaltered, the protein's rate of evolution will be approximately constant within different phylogenetic lineages.
showed that fragments of the Gal4 activation region between 17 and 41 amino acids in length provide activation functions of a magnitude in rough proportion to their length [ 24 ] . This result suggests that short sequences are capable of stimulating transcription when complexed with promotor elements and that their effect is amplified by increasing the total content of such short sequences.
Transgenic mice are often used to examine gene function through ectopic expression studies.
Previous publications have only tested the suitability of individual functions.
Detailed information on the selection and application of C-R functions for other endpoints in Exhibit 4 is available in the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIA (U.S.
However, whether HTLV-I or HTLV-II alters pulmonary function is unknown.
For this reason, we chose to use a truncated variant of hCAR to preclude possible signaling by this molecule [ 13 ] . As evidenced by the functional data reported herein, and those from previous reports [ 14 15 ] , there does not appear to be an adverse effect of either hCARΔcyt expression or adenoviral transduction on T cell activation, development or function.
Although there have been many studies exploring the general impact of total hysterectomy on sexual function, few have compared particular types of hysterectomy and their associated effect on subsequent sexual function.
Drosophila such clock functions have been demonstrated in antennae, wings, legs, a neuro-humoral gland, and internal excretory structures [ 6 10 11 ] . But it is unknown whether time-keeping mechanisms are identical wherever clocks are found within an animal.
Chi-square or Student's- t test was used to evaluate categorical or continuous demographic data and preoperative sexual function variables, as appropriate.
In order to determine the relative increase in PTEN mRNA levels, the Northern blots were stripped and re-hybridized with control probes for β-actin and choA, the latter a highly abundant mRNA of unknown function [ 40 ] . We consistently found that the amount of β-actin mRNA was somewhat reduced during suspension culture, whereas the amount of choA remained relatively stable.

EP2 expression in uterus, vasculature and the kidney suggests that this receptor may play important roles in the functions of reproductive system, vascular tissues and interstitium of the kidney.
Understanding the function of the TOX family of proteins should shed light on the evolutionary pressures that would maintain the TOX HMG-box essentially unchanged from mosquito to humans, but allow such divergence in Drosophila.
It has also been suggested that proteins' evolutionary rates are determined by the proportion of amino-acids that are critical to their function [ 3 ] . According to this intuitively plausible notion, proteins with a greater fraction of amino acid residues that play an essential role in the protein's function are predicted to evolve slower than those with a smaller fraction of such crucial residues.
To visualize the temporal expression pattern of the clusters, the gene-expression levels are displayed for a majority of genes with known functions (Figure 1b).
In particular, the same phase transition occurs as a function of K, P, and C. The striking dierence, however, is that deep in the ordered regime of the piecewise linear case, the genes of the twinkling green islands settle down to steady states that dier on dierent attractors.
We found that both recent and lifetime alcohol intake from wine was positively associated with lung function.
The first is the “Copenhagen interpretation,” which speaks of the “measurement event,” when the quantum object interacts with a macroscopic classical object, the measuring device, and a single one of the propagating possibilities becomes actual in the measurement event, thereby “collapsing” the wave function.
Transcription factors (TFs) often function in networks, in which a regulatory protein controls the expression of another, which in turn may modulate the expression of other regulatory loci, or control genes encoding structural proteins or enzymes.
We also map the tissue distribution of Tnfrh1 mRNA and discuss the significance of our findings in terms of possible functions of this gene in placentation.
The function describing the upper 5% of hippocampal and liver data was described with the following equations: LFC hippocampus = 1.36 + (90/min ADI); and LFC liver = 1.52+(100/min ADI), respectively.
Here too, genomic information is important because, as we have argued above, assigning physiological function via transgenic reduction or removal of gene expression requires sequence information for precise targeting.
We have only used a single dose of aerosol and measured the pulmonary function once after the aerosol administration.
Comprehensive quantitative evaluations of different deconvolution approaches have been described previously [ 7 11 22 ] . The evaluation in this paper is not comprehensive, using a single typical human bolus response function and just two different input functions (one and two component) that are representative of human intestinal absorption rates.
The Po for K ATP was shown as function of the concentration of ATP.
The consequence can be that the Schrödinger wave function of the first quantum system becomes entangled in very complex ways with the other complex quantum system, which may be thought of as the environment.
As mentioned above, IL-6 is a cytokine that functions as a necessary growth factor in several cancer types, most studied in multiple myeloma [ 12 ] . It is an essential factor in the development and maintenance of B cell neoplasms [ 13 ] , and likely plays an important role in many other types of cancer.
The day may be not so far off when we can accomplish this function better with a subsidized Internet account and a free digital reading device.
Chapter , with its discussion of the origin of self-reproducing molecular systems as a phase transition to supracritical behavior in catalyzed chemical reaction graphs as a function of molecular diversity and the ratio of reactions to molecular species, is a partial prototype for such a statistical theory.
Now that certain (very literate) people have taken hold of Esperanto and published novels and poetry in it, its chief function as a means of basic communication has been violated, and with the onset of its sophistication it has become more complex, thus defeating its original purpose.
The weighting functions w are given by
The cellular function signatures of nine CC and two Chr revealed that the greatest number of gene expression changes for both tumor types occurred in the categories of Signal Transduction, Cellular and Matrix Organization and Adhesion, and Metabolism.
C-R functions may also be estimated with or without explicit thresholds.
Yikes, yipes, eek , and eep now function similarly, the last two originally mimicking the response of someone encountering a mouse in a darkened kitchen.
Thus, for example, the presence of NK in the nucleus of the solitary tract, the dorsal motor nucleus of the vagus, the periaqueductal gray, the spinal trigeminal nucleus, the interpeduncular nucleus, the substantia nigra, the parabrachial nucleus, and the superior and inferior colliculi indicates that NK could be involved in a broad range of physiological functions such as in cardiovascular, anti-nociceptive, nociceptive, motor, respiratory, visual and auditory mechanisms.
This reduction is due to functions being experimentally determined (77 CDSs), assignment of putative functions (367 CDSs), phenotype-associated functions (14 CDSs), and genes identified as belonging to phages (138 CDSs).
My function in this street scene is to hold the girls' camera and take their picture with the Star.
Despite the general interest in investigating the function of all Arabidopsis genes by year 2010 http://www.nsf.gov/pubs/2001/nsf01162/nsf01162.html, and the knowledge on the number and classification of Arabidopsis TFs [ 3 ] , no resource is currently available to obtain all the Arabidopsis TF sequences or information on their possible binding sites.
With the increasing availability of genomic data, it became clear that numerous gene families have diverged in function through series of duplications [ 14, 15], including many lineage-specific expansions identified in each of the genomes sequenced [ 16, 17, 18, 19].
The next sections summarize, for each of the six types, the evaluation questions they can answer, the functions they perform, their design features, and their pitfalls.
Amino-acid substitutions that diminish binding to PS and PIP 2 impair Boi1 function, and fusion to a myristoyl group-accepting sequence improves the ability of these mutant versions of Boi1-PH to function, suggesting that binding to phospholipids is important for Boi1 action.
The NCC's industry and government representatives' specific functions include
Several studies of protein folding in silico indicate that widespread neutral networks exist, comparable to the situation for RNA sequences [ 39 49 50 ] . Moreover, decay functions similar to the function w ( d ) studied here have been measured in vitro [ 51 52 ] by making fitness a binary variable (e.g.
That is, we classified all K = Boolean functions into dierent P classes, P = /, P = /, P = /, P = /. Within each P class, some Boolean functions have , , , or canalyzing inputs.
Effect of SAHA on p21, PCNA, E2F-1 and E2F-4 proteins as a function of cell growth inhibition
It supports all the functions we described above, including multiple start of the EM algorithm using random partition or K -mean clustering, calculation of the model selection criteria AIC and BIC, and the use of the bootstrap to test a given number of components g 0 . We will use EMMIX to analyze the gene-expression data described earlier.
Among male participants, there was evidence of a dose response relationship with lower risk as a function of longer duration of use (p < 0.01).
On mine, nestled among some control keys on the right side is what is called a “number pad,” which resembles the key arrangement one sees on an adding machine or calculator; on the left side is a double bank of five keys marked F1 through F10 which, when pressed alone or in combination with another key, perform certain functions, some of which are useful, others of which are evidently thought useful by the manufacturer but which I never use.
Cas is a protein which migrates with an apparent mass of approximately 130 kDa, with a N-terminal SH3 domain, a central substrate domain (SD) with up to 15 tyrosines which can be phosphorylated, a C-terminal region with a proline-rich region, and two tyrosine phosphorylation sites capable of binding Src kinases (Src binding domain (SBD)) [ 6 18 ] . The latter SBD domain regulates the ability of Src to activate the serum response element, as well as in the phosphorylation of the SD of Cas by Src [ 18 19 20 ] . The substrate domain controls adhesion and migration and the majority of the tyrosines within this domain are of the sequence YQXP (5) or YDXP (10), which when phosphorylated, bind to the adaptors c-crk, nck and AND-34 [ 16 21 22 23 ] . The importance of these molecules in Cas function is unclear, however c-crk seems to be critical in the regulation of adhesion and migration mediated by Cas.
Interestingly, co-reduction of E2F and slimb function reversed the slimb enhanced mCul1 overexpression phenotype (fig.
In general, the C-R functions used in CAPMS require four input values: (1) the grid-cell-specific change in pollutant concentration; (2) the grid-cell affected population (i.e.
Design review functions identified as having the greatest valueadded were scope and budget compliance, constructability, and compliance with client design guides.
But if, for any reason, you cannot or would prefer not to perform this function (as the flight attendants like to say), just e-mail us at slate@msn.com.
Despite these potential differences in the function of human TTP based on cell type, our studies show a common pattern of induction by LPS in monocytes, neutrophils, and lymphocytes.
Instead of independently binding to specific DNA sequence to regulate transcription, Smads are now considered to be transcriptional modulators since their ability to regulate transcription is dependent, in most cases, on their physical interaction with other nearby DNA-binding transcription factors [ 11 ] . Thus, one of the fundamental questions in understanding Smad-regulated transcription is how Smads function as transcription modulators.
By integrating GenMAPP and MAPPFinder, it is possible to seamlessly move from a global gene-expression profile at the level of all biological processes, components and functions to a detailed description of the gene-expression levels for the specific genes involved.
It is probable, however, that like tumorigenicity suppressor genes and oncogenes many more genes involved in metastasis remain to be discovered since the process is complex, involving a large number of pathways [ 4 ] . Most of the known genetic mechanisms involved in the progression of a tumor to the metastatic state involve the loss of function of genes that prevent cells from becoming invasive.
Pulmonary function tests
Microsoft Excel spreadsheet showing TGFβ 1 elicited growth inhibition of Panc-1 cells is dependent on α V β 6 integrin function.
Since it has been reported that Gleevec can inhibit the function of PDGFR under the cell culture conditions, it is likely that Gleevec exerts its inhibitory effects on A549 lung cancer cells through inhibiting the PDGFR function.
LSC's Board recognizes the value of the Inspector General function and remains committed to working with the OIG to achieve our goal of providing high quality legal assistance to the poor of our nation.
After more than 50 years of study, the anatomy of the brain is well described and many brain functions have been mapped to particular substructures [ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8].
In this study, we have examined how Glycogen Synthase Kinase 3β (GSK3β), a protein kinase involved in tumorigenesis, differentiation and apoptosis, regulates the function of p53 [ 23, 24].
More than 290 SSH clones encoded proteins with insufficient similarity to proteins of known function to assign a function with confidence, and we therefore classified them as being of unknown function.
It is possible that kinesins may participate in functions other than transport, and MT dynamics and organization [ 20].
By producing IL-10, they may exert an immunoregulatory function.
It has also been suggested that proteins' evolutionary rates are determined by the proportion of amino-acids that are critical to their function [ 3 ] . According to this intuitively plausible notion, proteins with a greater fraction of amino acid residues that play an essential role in the protein's function are predicted to evolve slower than those with a smaller fraction of such crucial residues.
Mycorrhizal test sequences are more difficult to differentiate than sequences from the rhizobacterial or pathogenic associations, as seen by the diminished variation about the identity function in mycorrhizal comparisons (Figure 5b), contrasted with comparisons from pathogen-infected and nodulating root libraries (Figures 5aand c, respectively).
Upon maturation, the vacuolar contents can comprise more than eighty percent of the total cell volume [ 16 ] . Primarily filled with water, the vacuole also is a repository for a wide variety of solutes fulfilling numerous important metabolic functions.
Phyletic patterns, evolutionary history and potential biological functions of the CYTH domains
For the dimension of Role Function, currently taking antiretroviral medication was associated with a lower HRQOL score (44.
, region- or tissue-specific) functions that were derived subsequent to the duplications, and hence peculiar to the taxonomic group to which each of those model organisms belong.
A portion of the cellular eIF4E is imported into the nucleus through a mechanism that requires the protein 4E-T [ 31 ] . In the nucleus eIF4E is localized to specific nuclear bodies and associates with promyelocytic leukemia protein (PML, [ 32 ] ). Nuclear eIF4E appears to be involved in export of cyclin D1 mRNA to the cytosol [ 25 ] . Both 4E-T and PML interact with the same domain of eIF4E that binds 4EBP [ 32 ] . Thus expression of constitutively active 4EBP may block nuclear functions of eIF4E, one consequence being a reduction in cyclin D1 mRNA that can be translated in the cytoplasm.
A final, and important possibility to consider is that a number of RPs appear to possess extraribosomal functions [ 44 ] and consequently that the changes reported here may lead to responses that do not directly relate to ribosomal function.
The binding energy function, previously validated against a diversified benchmark [ 20 ] , includes a hydrophobic term, an electrostatic term, and an entropic term, but does not include Van der Waals energy, since this term is too noisy; Van der Waals interactions are supposed to be proportional to the interface of the interacting molecules, and incorporated into the surface (hydrophobic) term (see Materials and Methods).
Sequence alignments with Plutella xylostella APN receptor indicate that a highly conserved region of APN likely functions as the toxin binding site [ 9 ] . By testing for toxin binding to lysylendopeptidase-digested B. mori APN fragments, the toxin binding site was suggested to be between Ile135 and Pro198.
Conversely, the Congress might separate out some of these functions.
It is highly probable that this would affect the orientation of the amino terminus with respect to the rest of the protein but a function, if any, for such a domain is not known.
After it has been installed, the DOS, as it is called (once identified, nothing in computerese is ever called by its full name again: a Personal Computer becomes a PC; a Disk Operating System becomes a DOS; if it is made by a company called MicroSoft, it is called MS/DOS), performs certain functions, though rarely any that anyone but a computer specialist would want to perform.
The amount of the γ 1 subunit present in control, γ 1 het and γ 1 null samples as a function of total membrane protein was determined in two independent membrane preparations.
However, this assumption is not always justified, since many viral functions can be provided in trans - an effect referred to as complementation.
Although complementary sites for both miRNAs are found in the 3' UTRs of several putative nematode targets, these miRNAs are not physically linked in the C. elegans genome and their mutant phenotypes are principally due to misregulation of different transcripts [ 4 5 6 8 ] . The function of these miRNAs has not yet been explicitly demonstrated in other species, but Drosophila let-7 is regulated at the larval-pupal transition by ecdysone [ 49 ] , and all three members of this cluster are present in other insects and in vertebrates, thus implying broadly conserved functions.
We have further analyzed the predicted protein sequences for the presence of domains that might lead to an understanding of their function.
The main focus of the present study was to characterize the in vitro assembly and GTPase of the mutant proteins, but we also did a preliminary survey of their in vivo function by testing their ability to complement the temperature sensitive mutant ftsZ84.
In particular, if compensatory mutations are an increasing fraction of all viable mutations as the distribution moves away from a local fitness peak, then they will affect the shape of the decay function (Fig.
We used the fraction of neutral mutants at Hamming distance d as the function w ( d ) for the particular reference sequence.
The yeast triphosphatase has a novel tertiary structure in which the active site is situated within a topologically closed hydrophilic tunnel composed of 8 antiparallel β strands, which are conserved in CaCet1 and Pct1 [ 2 ] . Mutational analysis of Cet1 has identified 15 individual side chains within the tunnel that are important for Cet1 function in vitro and in vivo [ 7 8 9 ] . Each of the 8 strands contributes at least one functional group to the active site.
The Venn function lets the user quickly identify the genes in common between lists generated from different measurements or using different filtering criteria.
This pathway seems to be required for full TGFβ 1 induced transcriptional activation, which explains the TGFβ 1 sensitivity of those cells lacking DPC4/SMAD4 function that still react with growth inhibition.
As demonstrated in the literature, the analysis of the relationship of BSO and postoperative sexual function is complex.
This property has been frequently exploited in the analysis of genome-wide expression data, as the experimental observation that a set of genes is coexpressed frequently implies that the genes share a biological function and are under common regulatory control [ 1].
Insight into the function of plant myosins has been gained by studies in algae.
Our results provide evidence that the discrepancy between [ 11 ] and those of [ 20 ] is not a function of temperature.
A few putative ORs were discarded from the final set because they contained structural features deemed to be incompatible with receptor function, such as insertions of multiple nucleotide sequence repeats in their ORFs.
While many actions have been associated with activation of the ERK pathway, two particular functions of interest to our laboratory are mitogen-stimulated growth [ 1 ] and smooth muscle cell contraction [ 2 ] . Of the three MAPK pathways, activation of the ERK pathway and the intracellular signaling pathways associated with ERK activation are the best delineated.
3d, right panel), which is consistent with a recent report that the effective function of the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells is T-cell receptor (TCR) specific [ 28 ] . Collectively, our data suggest that the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells may not be involved in the development of PGIA.

The presence of a predicted amino-terminal transit peptide in the plant proteins suggests that it probably functions in the chloroplast, and that these proteins may, in part, have a regulatory function analogous to the PRC subunit.
Through comprehensive revisions to its charter, processes, organization and systems, Pfizer has reduced the cost associated with transaction processing activities by up to 50 percent in certain functions and shifted its focus to activities that directly support Pfizer's business objectives.
This variability may reflect regionally specific C-R functions resulting from regional differences in factors such as the physical and chemical composition of PM.
There is a very tight relationship between the potency of activation domains and their stability [ [ 35 36 37 38 ] ]. Activation domains and sequences required for degradation overlap and mutations in the VP16 activation domain which impair its function result in enhanced protein stability [ 35].
The second bias in Boolean functions are the canalyzing Boolean functions.
Additional studies are needed to examine the precise function of the Golgi complex during apoptosis.
In the RARα amino terminus, a consensus mitogen activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphorylation sequence was found to be a target of cyclin H and cdk7 [ 7 ] . RARα was shown to bind the cyclin H/cdk7 complex in vitro and phosphorylation of serine 77 enhanced the transactivation function of RARα.
Their positions on chromosomes, accession numbers and names are given in Table 1. The nomenclature of these genes has been chosen such that established names are maintained to a degree, and we label unnamed putative PIPs (for plasma membrane intrinsic protein) as PIP, all putative TIPs (tonoplast intrinsic protein) as TIP, and the various NLMs (for nodulin-26-like membrane protein), whose functions are largely unknown, are put into two subfamilies termed NIPs and SIPs, respectively [ 39].
Choosing molecular function, level 3 produces a new histogram that quickly reveals that nearly half (16/35) of the stress-response genes possess cytokine activity (Figure 4c).
In the main, but by no means exclusively, the current analyses were applied to published data revolving round effects of the cryptochrome gene as it functions in Drosophila's circadian system [ 23 ] . The results of the present study show that procedures for detrending and normalizing the data clarify the presence versus absence of rhythmicity - which tend strongly to be associated with cry +functioning versus that putatively remaining in the cry b mutant - as well as permitting a more detailed understanding of the features accompanying a given molecular time-course.
In contrast, the ~800-bp Eco RV- Eco RI fragment containing core ars3002 (without the overlap) is sufficient for plasmid origin function.
The high degree of AA similarity that all 12 sequences have to the ThiF family domain probably indicates that these proteins, at least in part, perform a similar function, most likely activating a substrate by adenylation.
Paralogs_Functions
If the 5' HSP ends further away from L1 start, the score function is described by the formula: P × 80/(FF -10), where FF is the length of the L1 5'-flanking sequence used for TSD finding (100 nucleotides is default) and P is the 5' HSP end position within this flank.
However, the way these functions were organized varied depending on individual entity needs.
Overall, the two largest effects of limited sequence data are the signal-to-noise ratio for the correlation of invariant sites to functional residues and the ability to identify functional specificity and specific functions.
5 ng/ml) as described previously [ 25 ] . Either monensin (1 uM) or brefeldin A (1 ug/ml) was used in all cases to block Golgi function and allow cytokine accumulation with the cell.
It is the proper function of a reviewer to question the reason behind the publication of a book, though, in the present case I believe it to be that Oxford University Press took a long, hard look at the revenues to be realized from a dictionary that could compete, in the UK market at least, with dictionaries of similar length published by Collins, Longman, Chambers, and others.
These functions provide the length of similar segments up to the length of the underlying representation W . The true length of the forward and backward similar segments are returned for lengths less than W and the word length is returned otherwise.
The concentration (mg/L) of unionized (free) ammonia in a sample is a function of temperature and pH, and is calculated using the percentage value obtained from Table 5, under the appropriate pH and temperature, and multiplying it by the concentration (mg/L) of total ammonia in the sample.
This function was used to estimate local background bias over a window of probes for the log-ratios of cDNA and oligonucleotide array data.
Wnt-1 TG mice have been used to assess the functions of a number of genetic lesions in breast carcinogenesis because tumors appear with predictable kinetics.
Since CD59 is a protein with an important complement regulatory function, and CD105 is a component of the receptor for TGFβ, there may be functional and/or diagnostic differences in the MP populations.
However, it had no impact on beta cell function (%B).
GLP-F transports ribitol and xylitol at a rate lower than that of glycerol, adding an interesting feature to GLP-F's possible physiological functions.
Many of the genes that are preferentially expressed in the optic lobe/brain hemisphere have predicted or described expression and/or function in neurons or glial cells (data not shown).
The floor plan of the hall provides the key to the building’s function.
Service delivery network resource center and regional processing organization functions13-Service delivery network resource center executives are required to meet specific monthly production targets either in 9 of 12 months or meet or exceed the overall average of monthly production goals.
The center has been staffed by GSA's most senior and competent project managers to serve two functions:
All analyses were conducted in S-Plus [ 21 ] . For one bivariate analysis where cells contained zero, unmatched, median-unbiased odds ratios and exact 95% confidence intervals were calculated from the mid-p function as described by Rothman [ 22 ] .
These sequences indicate that function has sometimes been eliminated, initially through a small deletion or substitution, with the remaining DNA sequence subsequently eroded by multiple mutations that are biased in favor of deletion over insertion, as documented for Rickettsia [ 7, 9] and other bacteria including Buchnera [ 21].
The MAPPFinder browser also provides three search and navigation functions.
Despite our increasing knowledge of Drosophila brain anatomy and function, relatively little information is available concerning the molecules expressed in the brain that coordinate function and manifest behavior.
(2001) except that we now present it as a generalized cost function.
Likewise, his team often briefed reporters on background because "we have the duty to engage in a proper public information function," particularly "to combat misinformation."
This proteomic analysis is a time-based "snapshot" of proteins assumed to be associated with physiologic function at the moment of SMG harvesting.
cPLA 2 -mediated AA release must be preceded by translocation of the enzyme to its membrane substrate which is a Ca 2+-dependent process and is a function of the calcium-dependent lipid-binding (C2) domain.
While doing so, Asimov furnished English with robotic and robotical, roboticist an `expert in their production and operation,' robotics the `science of their design and function,' and roboticized `rendered mechanical.
This IV input function is a direct measure of the rate that the oral dose reaches the systemic circulation, i.e. the PA.
The graphic representation of the treatment protocol is shown in figure 1. The effect of this concomitant therapy on the immune function was studied by quantifying lymphocyte proliferation and the mRNA expression of TGF-β, TNF-α, IL-10, IL-6, IFN-γ by RT-PCR assay.
Then we solve the optimization problem of minimizing function F(l,n): 
Delta opioid receptors play a modulatory role in analgesia, hibernation, autonomic nervous system function, neuroendocrine system function, mood driven behaviours and olfaction [ 2 ] . Thus, understanding the requirements for activation of δ opioid receptors can lead to identification and design of novel drugs acting through this receptor for treatment of various physiological problems.
The reversal mechanism consists of, for example, binding directly to P-gp, inhibiting the transport function of drug efflux, increasing the intracellular accumulation of the drug and changing lipid mobility in the plasma membrane [ 4, 10, 11, 12].
To estimate the sample size, we analyzed pulmonary function studies of 14 infants with a recent history of wheezing illness that were performed in our pulmonary function laboratory.
We define two new functions and which can be determined from
For each of the 11,239 ([ 12]; as of May 6, 2002]) GO biological process, cellular component and molecular function terms, MAPPFinder calculates the percentage of the genes measured that meet a user-defined criterion.
Our experiments provide hints for understanding how the morphology and contractile protein content might contribute to distinct functions of the arterial and venous sites of the splanchnic circulation.

[ 24 ] ), the role of cryptochromes may extend beyond circadian clock function.
Each model computes a score for RSS information content: RIC 12 for 28-bp sequences and RIC 23 for 39-bp sequences; the formation of joint probability functions is determined by maximizing the mean score for physiologic RSS.
Candidate genes were selected based on function of those genes (i.e.
Nonetheless, the fundamental niche approximated by Biolog plates declined by an average of 25%, and no systematic gains in function occurred that might have compensated for other losses of function.
We compared the performance of the all-atom scoring function to two sequence only metrics.
Compatible primers were selected using the multiplex function of Oligo 6. A subset of these compatible primers was utilized as generic P1 and P2 primers (see Table 1).
This is the cost for the delivery function.
Only transcript analysis and a functional investigation of the putative encoded proteins will answer questions about a possible function of three-transmembrane AQPs or otherwise altered proteins.
That function is now provided by our daily papers, which offer a kind of ongoing myth, related to but not a literal rendering of any actual events, much as the Old Testament account of Noah's Ark may allude to an actual flood, but it doesn't really matter.
Inhibition of Ci processing can be scored by the accumulation of a C-terminal epitope [ 26 ] . This assay showed that reduction in the function of Slimb or Roc1, two activities that contribute to SCF function, is associated with an increase in Ci staining [ 26 ] [ 27 ] . Similarly, reduction of Cul1 function by mutation in Cul1 (data not shown and [ 28 ] ) or by overexpressing mCul1 (fig.
The composition of the matrix, the availability of cytokines and proteases, and the expression of various receptors in a given cellular environment might explain these opposing functions.
And yet she functions as his official consort.
What could be the sequences that contribute to enhancer function within these essential regions?
The unquantified benefits for ozone and PM fall into two categories: (1) those for which the scientific literature does not provide an established Concentration-Response (C-R) function capable of estimating health effects with reasonable certainty and (2) those effects that may double-count benefits (e.g.
Although it seems obvious that one should try to make the venous concentration measurements as early as possible in order to accurately determine the bolus response function, the results shown in figs.
Similarly, we plotted the percentage of antibodies and antigens that provided satisfactory quantitative accuracy as a function of analyte concentration (Figure 5b).
Concentration-Response Functions for PM-related Premature Mortality
Using predicted structures to annotate function
Empirical findings from the investigation are presented in Figure 3. The top line represents delivery cost percentage (of total cost) as a function of pieces per capita as predicted by our cost model.
Exercise training increases cardiac output during exercise and increases skeletal muscle blood flow in response to reactive hyperemia [ 23 ] . Arterial diameters [ 19 24 ] , capillary density [ 5 25 ] , vascular reactivity [ 26 27 ] , and endothelial function [ 9 28 ] are improved with training and reduced with inactivity.
Taken together, these results indicate that the first type III repeat of fibronectin can serve as a cell binding domain and that both integrins and cell surface HSPGs function as receptors for this type III repeat.
Since this method is a generalized parametric approach, one would like to use the smallest number of breakpoints (and, therefore, the fewest adjustable parameters) that are compatible with the input function.
Galls form around the giant cells, and the roots become distorted, often leading to compromised root function and retardation of plant growth [ 3 ] .
In addition, new technology has integrated functions related to the Customer Fulfillment Process, such as sales, ordering, production, shipping, billing, and accounts receivable, providing users with greater access to data.
Other studies have demonstrated that acidic activators can relieve nucleosomal repression and that the anti-repression function may be mediated by chromatin remodeling systems [ 39].
Protein-protein interaction studies using the yeast two-hybrid trap and expression analysis of all kinesins in different tissues and cell types with microarrays can also provide valuable information about the function of the kinesins.
The reviews will allow LSC to more effectively execute its compliance function and ensure the accuracy of CSR reporting by its grantees.
4C,D), considering that the CD98 heterodimer retains partial association and amino acid transport function even in the absence of a disulfide linkage of the subunits [ 42 ] . Notably, transformation of BALB 3T3 cells caused by over-expression of CD98 heavy chain required its association with the light chain, and a missense mutation in C109 eliminated its transforming activity [ 10 ] .
Figure 2: M odeled Variabilities by Function
As implemented in the cluster package in R and S-Plus, the PAM function takes as its arguments a dissimilarity matrix (for example the Euclidean distance matrix as used here) and a prespecified number of clusters K. The PAM procedure is based on the search for K representative objects, or medoids, among the observations to be clustered.
As it happens, genes A and B have Boolean functions that depend on all three genes, A, B, and C. By examination, however, gene C has a Boolean function that depends only on genes A and C, not on gene B. To say that the activity of gene C depends only on A and C and not B means that once the combinations of activities of A and C are defined at a moment T, the next activity of C at T + is indepen-dent of whether B is on or o at time T. Indeed, the Boolean function is C = (not A or not C); that is, gene C will turn on at the next moment if at the current moment either A is not active or C is not active or both are not active.
The tissue functions were reflected in the transcriptomic profile.
In all the data we have examined, the resulting biases are small and slowly-varying function of the mean log intensity, and so can be estimated using local regression on a, the estimator for the mean log abundance.
Although the significance of the number of EF-hand domains in various proteins is not known, they may differ in their affinity for Ca 2+and, thereby, function to fine tune Ca 2+-mediated cellular activities.
In the wing the distal accumulation of Fz is not dependent on the function of in or fy , although in in and fy mutants the distal accumulation of Fz is no longer able to restrict hair formation to the distal edge of the cell [ 10 ] . We examined the distribution of Fz in arm-fz-GFP; in and fy; arm-fz-GFP aristae.
The position of the glycosylation site in the structure of the channels is in a region of known importance in channel function.
The selected genes included plausible candidate genes that have been implicated in functions relevant to alcohol action, as well as genes whose functions are not well understood or were not previously suspected to be related to alcohol action.
Second, high chromosome loss rate was observed in net1 tab 2-1but not CDC14 TAB 6-1, suggesting that although CDC15 -independent mitotic exit does not dramatically affect chromosome transmission, additional functions of Net1 do.
Insight into the function of the proteins can be gained by identifying and characterizing EF-hand proteins encoded in the Arabidopsis genome.
Evidence suggests that gain of function in PAX7 triggers neoplastic development by maintaining cells in a deregulated, undifferentiated and proliferative state, as is seen in alveolar rhabdomyosarcomas.
The observed curve is the opposite from the curve expected if K = genes were regulated by Boolean rules drawn at random from among the functions.
Thus, mefloquine apparently crosses the blood-brain barrier and accumulates to sufficient levels to include those concentrations found to disrupt neuronal calcium homeostasis and ER function in vitro . The possibility that a disruption of neuronal calcium homeostasis or ER function may be responsible, at least in part, for the clinical neurotoxicity of mefloquine is worthy of further investigation.
This relationship is close to the theoretical one of quadratic magnification y = x 2. Therefore, the ratios were magnified in power function within this low range.
These declines are most likely a function of several factors, including increasing substitution of PCI for CABS and the aging of the veteran population, as well as its overall poorer health.
While no one really likes forking over taxes, that money pays for a multitude of government services and functions.
Indeed, both human homologs of yPOP2, hCAF1 and hPOP2, lack the 148 N-terminal amino acids which are, in yPOP2, required for transcriptional activation, whereas the yPOP2 C-terminus, which is involved in the interaction with yCCR4, is conserved in hCAF1 [ 11 ] and hPOP2 [ 19 ] . Similarly, hNOT2, the human homolog of the yNOT2 component of the CCR4-NOT complex, harbors a N-terminal domain divergent from that of yNOT2 -required for transcriptional activation and interaction with the yeast ADA2 factor-, but has conserved the C-terminal domain which is absolutely required for the yCCR4-associated function of yNOT2 [ 19 20 ] . Therefore, it looks as if genes of the CCR4-NOT complex have undergone a "concerted" phylogenetic evolution, with the yeast genes encoding multifunctional proteins and the animal genes only encoding "specialized" proteins specific for the CCR4-NOT complex.
No comparative data yet show whether the size distribution of avalanches in real organisms is a power law, nor whether the largest avalanches scale as a square root function of the number of genes in the organism.
Because the lead compound targeting PP5 (ISIS 15534) acts via RNAase H mediated degradation, studies with ISIS 15534 do not allow us to assess how rapid changes in PP5 activity affect cellular functions (Northern analysis indicate that it takes ~ 6 for the mRNA degradation to occur and, due to the half-life of the preexisting protein, it takes ~ 24 hours for the protein levels to fall [ 24].
The two functions are constrained to vary slowly and thus can be estimated by local regression.
Following exhaustive research and practice, I divide spoonerisms into two general categories based upon their structure and their function.
The polysaccharide hydrolase and aaRS functions seem to be essentially incompatible.
For each in silico deletion strain, the optimal production of the twelve biosynthetic precursors and the metabolic cofactors was also calculated to identify auxotrophic requirements and impaired functions in the metabolic network (Table 1).
Since 1970, owner engineering downsizing has resulted in increased use of contractors to perform design and construction functions.
The predicted protein sequences of the derived cDNAs were analyzed for the presence of functional domains using the conserved domain function of BLAST at NCBI as well as the Simple Modular Architecture Research Tool at http://smart.embl-heidelberg.de.
The periodic pattern of eclosion (emergence of the adult at the end of metamorphosis) and the pattern of adult locomotion (Figure 1a,b) are classic examples of circadian rhythms, which are typically analyzed by application of periodogram functions [ 14 15 16 17 ] . Figure 1cand 1ddisplay examples of daily molecular rhythms for a whole fly and a pair of dissected wings, as reported in real time by luciferase-encoding DNA fused to regulatory sequences of the period (per) clock gene; these gene-product fluctuations have been analyzed using functions other than periodograms [ 10 18 ] . Drosophila rhythms are also evident on other time scales besides circa-24 hours.
Brain wave monitoring by portable, non-invasive computer processed monitors allows quick recognition of some brain functions under titrated suspended animation in real time, facilitating modulation of therapy when the visual clues of neuronal function disappear.
But the truth, banal as it may seem, is that we still don't really know very much about how the potentially democratizing Internet really functions in a thoroughly undemocratic society, just as we don't really know very much about how the market-revolutionizing Internet functions in a non-capitalist economy.
Since VR1 likely forms as a tetramer, the strong interaction we observed between pairs of subunits raises the question of whether this subunit interaction is involved in VR1 function.
This may represent a compensatory effect to counteract the loss of function of an important growth factor receptor.
Cystic fibrosis (CF) is an autosomal recessive disease caused by mutations in the gene encoding the CFTR chloride channel [ 1 ] . CFTR is known to possess multiple cellular functions beyond its role as an apical membrane chloride channel [ 2 ] . For example, regulation of other ion channels, such as the epithelial sodium channel and the outwardly rectified chloride channel, are well-described functions of CFTR [ 3 4 ] . Numerous other functions, such as regulation of intracellular vesicular pH, regulation of membrane recycling, and regulation of mucin exocytosis are less firmly established.
Comparisons of transcripts from organisms with relatively simple brains ( Drosophila ) to organisms with more complex neural function (humans) may offer insights into basic brain function and aid in the identification of transcripts involved in higher-order brain functions.
Several groups have studied pulmonary function in infants with bronchiolitis, with varying results [ 1, 2, 3].
SV-40 large T antigen transfected ovarian surface epithelial cell lines from women with and without an amino-terminal BRCA1 mutation were employed to ascertain the function of the amino-terminal RING domain in apoptosis [ 31 ] . To confirm BRCA1 status in these cell lines, whole cell lysates were western blotted using a monoclonal anti-BRCA1 antibody against the amino-terminal (Figure 1).
.. Actually, through Andrew Cuomo's wife, Kerry Kennedy Cuomo (who announced her husband's homeless power play to cheers at a Democratic Christmas function), the Clintons have succeeded in subordinating not one but two dynastic Democratic families to their own.
Analysis of coding sequence evolution suggests that uncharacterized genes, which we will refer to as 'predicted' genes, tend to have a higher rate of protein evolution than 'known' genes - those genes that have been selected for experimental study and thus are more likely to have easily discerned functions.
Mutation of F48 to either alanine or leucine had no effect on the function of those LcrG variants, suggesting that the hydrophobic nature of F48 is important for LcrG function.
It is clear from these results that one cannot judge the accuracy of the response function from the agreement between the model (i.e.
Additionally, we have not quantified a number of known or suspected health effects linked with PM and ozone for which appropriate concentration-response functions are not available or which do not provide easily interpretable outcomes (i.e.
The input function was a 2 hour inhalation of toluene at a constant gas concentration of 2 μM.
Assembly of chimeric heterodimers formed by mixing subunits of HIV-1 RT and FIV-1 RT, has demonstrated that the p51 subunit of HIV-1 RT helps to preserve the functional integrity of the HIV-1 RT heterodimer [ 18 ] . Despite the fact that several functions have been proposed for the p51 subunit, the mechanism whereby p51 performs these functions has remained largely undefined.
2), which matches the nucleotide binding P-loop sequence in various bacterial and archaeal ATP-binding proteins with diverse functions.
Editorialists debated whether the voters were punishing Chirac and Juppe for 1) daring to privatize and cut government functions (the New York Times ); 2) failing to privatize and cut government functions (the Wall Street Journal ); or 3) "on-again, off-again" weaving between the two positions (the Washington Post ). (5/28)
Further genomic and molecular analyses will be required to assess the general importance of LTR retrotransposon sequences to the evolution of heterochromatic gene structure and function.
Various cytokines are also produced by biliary epithelial cells [ 14 ] . As biliary epithelial cells are capable of both producing and responding to cytokines, these cells may use cytokines for the autocrine/paracrine regulation of their own function as well as that of other cells.
Additionally, the mutant confirms previous work that the two known LcrG functions (secretion blocking and LcrV interaction) are genetically separable [ 5 ] . Further experiments will more precisely delineate the region of LcrG required to block the type III secretion apparatus.
The miracle of how it functions is well worth observing.
The pattern of such promoter methylation has been noted to be non-random in various tumor types, while certain genes are commonly methylated in diverse tumor types [ 10 11 ] . The extent of aberrant promoter hypermethylation and its association with loss of gene function in cancer suggests that CpG island methylation is an important mechanism in inactivating tumor suppressor genes (TSGs).
Each RNA structure model presented here is based upon a single reference sequence, chosen as the most representative for that molecule (Table 1); for example, E. coli is the preferred choice as the reference sequence for rRNA (5S, 16S, and 23S), based on the early and continued research on the structure and functions of the ribosome [ 77 78 ] . Each of the six structure models (5S, 16S and 23S rRNA, group I and II introns, and tRNA) in the "Current Structure Models for Reference Organisms" page http://www.rna.icmb.utexas.edu/CSI/2STR/contains six or seven different diagrams for that molecule: Nucleotide, Tentative, Helix Numbering, Schematic, Histogram, Circular, and Matrix of All Possible Helices.
It is essential for animal development, immune system function, and wound repair.
KIAA0386 encodes a protein that stimulates the formation of a non-mitotic multinucleated syncytium from proliferative cytotrophoblasts during trophoblast differentiation [ 36 ] . KIAA0319 encodes a protein of unknown function [ 37 ] . While HT012, an uncharacterized hypothalamus protein, could also be considered as a possible candidate gene, RT-PCR and EST searches (1 of 18 from brain cDNA libraries) do not suggest a high level or selective expression in the brain.
It has been suggested that the involvement of Ig-related molecules in tissue interactions is more primitive than their involvement in the immune system and the immune functions evolved from the sets of molecules mediating tissue interactions [ 25].
It was not a question of function.
Therefore, the interactions of HB-EGF with LTBP-3 and fibulin-1C described in this study suggest novel functions for HB-EGF between cell-surfaces and tissue surfaces.
Remarkably, real cells show dramatic evidence of one of these two biases, which I call “canalyzing Boolean functions.”
What might be its function in those situations where trpEb_2 is isolated away from a typical tryptophan operon, which possesses closely linked or translationally coupled genes specifying trpEa and trpEb_1?
Although this mutant translocates to mitochondria as efficiently as does the WT with diminished disruptive effect on the outer membrane, it seems conceivable that tBid harbors two distinct signals, one for translocation to mitochondria, and the other for interaction with proteins or lipids to exert its pro-apoptotic function.
It created, among other innovations, a “team buying” system that centralizes certain buying functions to benefit from potential economies of scale while taking full advantage of divisional expertise regarding different customer groups within Federated’s stores.
Recent studies have proceeded to associate genetic variation with performance variation in attentional function.
A recent gene discovery study performed in the testis of Drosophila melanogaster found that 47% of greater than 1500 sequenced cDNAs did not match to ESTs previously identified in this organism [ 19 ] . Likewise the testis of the cynomolgus monkey has yielded several novel gene sequences [ 8 9 ] . Therefore, we reasoned that the sequencing of ESTs from hamster testis might reveal the existence of novel genes conserved in other species that may function in controlling testicular development and/or function.
The association of alcohol intake from white wine persisted even after inclusion of other alcohol variables in the regression model, but red wine was not significantly related to lung function (data not shown).
We used dosage studies to see if Rec12 functions in a manner predicted by homology to Spo11/Top6A.
Not only the meanings of words and the meanings of sentences, as most linguists define sentence meanings, but also the appropriateness of the uses of sentences, the functions carried out by sentences, and numerous other facets of what we call “meaning” have been proposed as part of the native speaker's linguistic knowledge.
She then proceeds to call see physically and see comprehend homonyms, as well as provoke anger and provoke cause, run physical sense and run work, function, and attack physically and attack verbally.
These results show that SCF function limits the mCul1 overexpression phenotype.
With respect to the recent implication of CSN in cullin regulation [ 10], we considered the possibility that the overlapping phenotypes of csn1 and pcu3 mutants could arise from interference with Pcu3p function.
The density for a given final value, x, which results from a calculation involving two uncertain values is the integral across values of the two functions that produce x.
However, a principle of phylogenomics is that orthologous sequences (that diverged by speciation) are more likely to conserve protein function than paralogous sequences (that diverged by gene duplication).
The budget still has the president's message and a section organized according to the functions of government.
Experiments are underway to purify larger quantities of ButaIT using baculovirus expression system in order to establish a refined structure/function relationship.
The first class corresponds to highly expressed genes, the second to weakly expressed genes, and the third to genes with unknown function, insertion sequences (IS), phage, and genes possibly related to virulence and antibiotic resistance.
For example, for m = 3, Figure 1plots the Rasch probabilities as a function of the value of the latent factor (a) for two sets of item-specific β values.
To address this issue, GSA established the Office of Policy, Planning, and Evaluation in 1995, which it later renamed the Office of Governmentwide Policy, to handle policy decisions separately from functions that deliver supplies or services.
The Golgi complex is an elaborate cytoplasmic organelle that has a prominent function in the processing, transporting, and sorting of intracellular proteins.
Indeed, evolution of a new beneficial function in one of the duplicates, once a relatively high level of divergence (which will be different for different genes, depending on the specific function involved) is reached, appears to be common among duplicated genes as demonstrated for several paralogous gene families [ 33, 52, 54, 67].
In addition, there is a finite cuto and thus a largest-size avalanche, which seems to scale as a square root function of the total number of genes in the network.
Although we go into this matter more thoroughly in the companion paper, we reiterate here that this subjective use of the autocorrelation function to establish rhythmicity is not unprecedented; in fact, it has been recommended as a valid approach to situations like our experiments where the number of data points is relatively small [ 30 ] . In general, it must be noted that the use of both tabulated and averaged data also supports this approach.
Thus, the observation that purifying selection appears to act on all recent duplicates and examination of the functions of recently duplicated genes do not support the notion that gene duplication results in true functional redundancy and duplications may achieve fixation despite being redundant [ 26].
This analysis suggested: first, that Hint and Asw do retain sufficient sequence identity at the dimer interface to form a heterodimer; second, that Asw has an insertion sequence at the bottom of the dimer that could be a site of alternative localization or proteolysis; and third, that Gln127, a residue that Asw has substituted for Trp123 of Hint, may interfere with the function of His114 in Hint across the dimer interface.
In this regard, we have shown recently that BMP-7 can promote primordial follicle growth [ 13 ] . Thus, it is reasonable to propose that one function of the BMP receptors in the primordial follicle might be to mediate the activation of recruitment by endogenous BMP-7.
The primary function of the poly (A) tail is thought to be in message stability assisted by a series of poly (A) binding proteins [ 69 ] . In addition, the poly (A) tail in conjunction with the 5' cap may be required for efficient translation of plant mRNAs [ 70 ] .
We simulateddata with two functional single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs)to compare GPNN to a BPNN for modeling nonlinear epistasis models.In this study, we use penetrance functions as genetic models.
The TBZ sensitivity assay identifies distinct functions of checkpoint Rad proteins.
Estrogenic steroids regulate cellular function in a wide variety of tissues [ 1 ] . During human pregnancy, the production of 17-beta-estradiol (E2) rises eighty fold, from 0.75 nM preovulatory peak to 60 nM at term [ 2 3 4 5 ] , and estrogens influence various aspects of placental function and fetal development in humans and primates [ 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ] . Several previous studies have shown that human placenta binds estradiol [ 13 14 15 ] . However, more recent immunohistochemical studies on paraffin-embedded or snap frozen sections as well as other techniques (RT-PCR for ER-alpha mRNA) failed to demonstrate estrogen receptor alpha (ERα) in human placentae during pregnancy or in cultures of dispersed placental cells [ 16 17 ] . However, it has been indicated that the failure to detect the ERα does not entirely preclude the presence of this receptor in human trophoblast cells, but might be attributed to a relatively low number and density of ERα molecules on these cells [ 17 ] . On the other hand, Billiar et al.
Indeed, in more detail, among the K = Boolean functions, percent have no canalyzing inputs and a decreasing fraction of the Boolean functions have , , or canalyzing inputs, as you can see in Figure ..


These results suggest that the function of TGF-β superfamily may be a prerequisite for the arterial dilatation and that endothelial cells and the smooth muscle cells may be responsible for the forth-going vessel enlargement.
Given the presence of RNA methylases that could modify RNA in a similar way as the alkylating agents the function of the uncharacterized AlkB-like proteins could be to reverse such modifications.
2) with the polyexponential bolus response function r(t) (eq.
That is, businesses commonly contract out any function that can be done by another firm at a lower cost.
In contrast, the absence of super-orthologs does not imply that a function for a query sequence cannot be inferred (in the two proteomes analyzed in this work, most sequences appear to have no super-orthologs in Pfam 6.6).
Supporting this notion, the in vitro transcription/translation of a plasmid encoding the closely related NO29 protein produces a product, presumably unmodified, with slow mobility that is similar to the mobility of NO29 extracted from cells [ 43 ] . The smaller-sized polypeptide of the NPM3 doublet is probably a degradation product, as is observed in analyses of the NO29 protein [ 43 ] . This subcellular localization of NPM3, together with the other results here, suggests that this protein is a molecular chaperone with functions in the nucleus.
The functions can be combined and expressed as:
Accordingly, correlation of cytokine and chemokine receptor expression might be important in delineating the function and potential means of accumulation of individual CD4 +memory T cells in the RA synovium.
Exhibit 6 provides a list of the health effect endpoints we quantified as part of our analysis of the Clear Skies Act, as well as references to the studies that serve as the basis for the C-R functions.
Changes in NMDA receptor expression are likely to affect neuronal function through regulation of intracellular events [ 53].
Our results provide direct genetic evidence for these functions of TECs, by showing that these processes are defective in mutants with a primary TEC differentiation defect (the Hoxa3,Pax1 compound mutants).
The function of GidB is
To ensure that the regression models represented the physical realities of heat transfer, the functional form of our regressions and the covariates selected were based on standard heat loss equations [ 15 ] . For example, space heating energy consumption was predicted as a function of two covariates - the product of heating degree days and floor area, and the product of heating degree days, floor area, and an expression reflecting the amount of insulation in the ceiling, walls, and floor (R 2= 0.99).
The Van Genuchten function [ 32 ] was used to plot the data.
The third family of yCCR4-related proteins (called hereafter the angel family) contains the formerly identified angel drosophila gene product, with as yet no identified function ( [ 26 ] , accession number X85743), as well as M. musculus, H. sapiens, C. elegans and A. thaliana proteins (Table 1).
Most of the previous studies on the physiological functions PLDs have concentrated on the role of its product, PA [ 7 ] . Our data show that PLD has a dual function in cholinergic cells, as the second product of its activity, choline, is used as a metabolic precursor of ACh, and suggest that this pathway may be regulated by the type of PLD isoform expressed in a particular class of cholinergic neurons.

These observations are consistent with the observed more rapid improvement in cardiovascular and respiratory function for drotrecogin alfa (activated) patients as compared with placebo patients in study F1K-MC-EVAD (PROWESS) [ 8 ] .
The purpose for this study was to explore further the relationship between Tag expression as a function of cell cycle time and cell density.
The method is based on application of discriminant analysis to alignment scores, in order to separate the scores for pairs of functionally identical proteins from different genomes from the scores for proteins with different functions.
Data from each experiment were normalized to the top of the curve (no ligand, 100%), expressed as percent inhibition of forskolin-stimulated cAMP accumulation and were fit to a sigmoidal function by using one site competition function as described below.
Shortly after injury, these small cytokines are primarily produced by fibroblasts, chemoattract leukocytes and activate their integrins causing them to adhere strongly to the endothelial cells as a prelude to their migration through the blood vessel wall to the underlying tissue and towards the source of the chemokine [ 5 ] . In addition to these functions during the early stages of wound healing, these small cytokines are also known to be involved in re-epithelialization, angiogenesis and granulation tissue development [ 3 6 7 8 ] , processes that are critical for proper healing.
Those that have been previously characterized or share sequence similarities represent a broad array of cellular functions.
Those laws are in part a product of older concerns about vertical integration, so that they served the function of keeping the auto-makers from selling direct to consumers.
The choice of the ecological functions f (•), g (•), and h (•) is not straightforward, considering the variety of functional forms that have been suggested [ 36 ] . However, for the subsequent purposes of estimating statistical density dependence, it is biologically reasonable to assume that the functions may be approximately linear in X 
Miles sets the situation into historical context: "What made the fortune, so to speak, of the God of Israel," he observes, "was that he combined two functions previously separate: on the one hand, the function of the Mesopotamian personal God, a kind of guardian angel whose responsibilities were concentrated on one man or woman but whose powers were also limited; on the other, the function of the Canaanite/Mesopotamian high God, El, whose attention to any individual man or woman was slight or unpredictable but whose powers were universal.
Antibiotic production and resistance functions are encoded by the seven-gene tfx operon and the unlinked tfuA gene [ 10 11 ] . TFX is derived from post-translational cleavage and modification of the tfxA gene product.
This implies that the shape of the array data distribution may largely be a function of the genome content, in addition to the hybridization quality and parameters, and that the limits of detection for the H. pylori microarray may be considerably lower than the apparent value.
Thus, while the mechanism whereby the CYP17 polymorphism increases serum hormones levels has not been identified, it is probable that there are either effects that have not yet been elucidated or that the site is in linkage disequilibrium with another polymorphism that alters the function of the CYP17 enzyme.
Among the 93 genes, 12 had functions related to cell proliferation and kinase pathways (Table 2).
The insulin sensitivity and beta cell function were estimated using a homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) [ 15].
Taken together, these two types of studies are largely consistent with the main conclusions of the present paper, that synergistic interactions do not generally dominate the fitness function and compensatory mutations are common.
The Changing Global Role of the Finance Function."
Because of the possibility that alcohol intake was particularly harmful in those with heavy alcohol consumption (a subgroup of the population that consumed predominantly large quantities of beer and liquor) and because an association between light drinking and lung function could be influenced by heavy drinking, we investigated whether the correlation between lifetime beverage specific alcohol intake and lung function were similar in the group with lower alcohol intake.
Mismatched duplexes generally exhibit larger dissociation rates than their perfectly matched counterparts [ 27 ] . We therefore examined the effect of one-, two-, and three-base mismatches as a function of hybridization time in two different probe sequences.
In an attempt to isolate the effect of duplication per se on purifying selection, we analyzed paralogs and orthologs that appeared to encode proteins with similar functions, namely secreted and membrane proteins that were identified by signal peptide and transmembrane helix prediction.
In this paper we have visualized profiling results using the second of these schemes (cellular function) at three levels: primary categories, secondary categories, and individual genes (see Figure 3and 4, Table 4and 5).

Testicular hyaluronidase PH-20 counteracts TGF-β1-induced TNF-resistance in L929 cells [ 8 ] . The goal of the present study was to examine whether lysosomal Hyal-1 and Hyal-2 enhance TNF cytotoxic function and counteract TGF-β1-mediated TNF-resistance in L929 cells.
However, since the 1B4 mutation did not ablate hnRNP A2/B1 gene expression, it is unlikely to be useful for studies of hnRNPA2/B1 gene function.
Vascular function is altered with aging and may influence muscle blood flow and exercise performance.
John Panzar has characterized street delivery as a bottleneck function because a single firm can deliver to a recipient at a lower total cost than multiple firms delivering to the same customer.
For losses occurring both within and between syntenic fragments, a single lost region frequently contains multiple genes, often involved in seemingly unrelated functions (see, for example, Figures 2and 5).
For example, GSA has sought to improve its efficiency and effectiveness by changing its organizational structure to separate its policymaking functions from its operations that provide services.
In addition to providing help to explore large expression datasets, occurrence values displayed for certain terms in the format used in Figure 3can be used to annotate large and complex lists of genes, providing readers with information on gene function.
