In addition, we will have soft drinks and a raffle, so that you can walk home with a great prize!
Lucky attendees can go home with a great prize.
Please, consider renewing your support of these great kids today.
I hope you'll continue -- and if possible increase - your support for these great kids.
Enclosed is a donation card that will enable you to make Indianapolis a great place for ALL of us to live.
A Providers Council and a Youth Coalition are building relationships that will hopefully bear great fruit in the years to come.
But the need is still great.
I often wonder when a really great fictional book will be written about this era (probably decades and decades hence as it is too close).
The President noted that the attacks provided a great opportunity to engage Russia and China.
Thousands of people arrived with little more than the clothes they wore, putting great strain on the resources of the islands.
Since this time, membership has been of great monetary benefit to the country.
The city is not mentioned again in the Bible until the time of the great poet warrior, King David, who captured the city from the Jebusites in about 1000 b.c.
The Bible tells us that the cruelty and impiety of the rulers of both kingdoms aroused the fury of the great Prophets.
The courtyard around the Temple was expanded to accommodate hundreds of thousands of pilgrims, and the Temple Mount was shored up by retaining walls made with great stone blocks.
The ruins of Jerusalem were briefly liberated, but, in the end, Jewish resistance to Rome was defeated with great loss of life.
They built many impressive churches during the term of the first Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem, but in 1187 they were driven out by Muslim forces under the great warrior Saladin.
“Kid” Ory played great jazz trombone.
Muscatel is made from muscat grapes, is sometimes called muscat , and, being relatively cheap and sweet and high in alcohol content, is the booze of choice for a great many wines.
A concern that most rational people should have is how to equitably distribute the great wealth of this country.
He described it has having great advantages for a country the size of China, but said he hoped that this generation would be able to protect its grandchildren from things on the Internet that "are not good."
Our 1996/97 survey of federal managers found that less than one-third of non-SES managers felt that to a great or very great extent they had the decisionmaking authority needed to accomplish strategic goals.
He boasted that this is great domestic politics in Canada.
Great nicknames and fists aside, I began to recognize these Jewish gangsters as fools and thugs who preyed on their own communities, robbed the Jewish poor, and murdered their own people.
Yeah, right, great.
The positive interaction of the fragment of the latent transforming growth factor β-binding protein-3 (LTBP-3) with the extracellular domain of proHB-EGF was of great interest (Additional file 1).
Fluellen, in the great tradition of the Shakespearean Fool, uses the comparison to make Henry out to be an ass.
As always, though, great column, despite our difference of opinion in sexual politics.
Albert Brooks' new film--which he directed, co-wrote, and stars in--is "good but not great Brooks" (Roger Ebert, the Chicago Sun-Times ). The plot: A screenwriter (Brooks) has lost his edge, and he enlists the aid of a muse (Sharon Stone) to inspire him.
The Sun Temple of Konark was conceived as a gigantic chariot for the great sun-god Surya cantering inland from the Indian Ocean.
Le Monde in Paris spoke of "great disappointment" and "a wave of frustration" and said that Gore might even have caused the summit to fail.
But such giddy stuff isn't really beach wear, great though Helmut, Eva, and Galliano all are to contemplate at length.
These modifications include the direct binding of mRNA to magnetic oligo(dT) beads before the reverse transcription step, and a great reduction in the quantity of linkers used to generate ditags.
Louis-François Cartier founded the Paris firm in 1847, just in time to help deck the famous beauties of the Second Empire, from the empress to the great cocottes.
His knack for pop hooks and appealing beats in the midst of all the aural chaos: "[W]hen you listen up close you get engrossed in the buried sonic twists and turns; when you turn it up loud Reznor bangs your head with great rockers" (Rob Sheffield, Rolling Stone ). (Watch the video from the album on the official Nine Inch Nails Web site.)
Agía Triáda was built late in the Minoan era, around 1700 b.c. and though it suffered great damage in the cataclysm of 1450 b.c., it was reoccupied, and a Dorian town was built nearby.
My son thought the food was great; I thought it was only pretty good.
4. "Opening today in theaters everywhere is a film based on that great 'children's classic,' A Dog of Flanders .
In the video e-mail, Gore asked Bradley, with great sobriety, about an "oversight" in Bradley's campaign literature concerning the Medicare trust fund.
The relatively high CV was due to the fact that the samples were never completely homogeneous and the differences in phytoestrogen concentrations are great in different brain regions.
As some readers are aware, the teaching of English to schoolchildren in England has been undergoing great upheaval of late: the National Union of Teachers, the largest in the UK, recently voted overwhelmingly (nine out of ten) to boycott a compulsory English test for 14-year-olds by refusing to mark, administer, or invigilate [proctor] them.
In 1803 there was yet another failed rebellion, led by the great Irish hero Robert Emmet.
Still, as the interval between my first note and his first note was so great, I do not know that any great fault, beyond that of carelessness, can be attributed to him.
We can't make good grammar great.
Take them on a canal cruise — seeing a city from a different perspective is great fun and a great education.
The rich permanent collection includes tapestries, furniture, and porcelain, but look out for the fascinating temporary exhibitions that are held here, featuring great styles and eras of design history such as Jugendstil, Bauhaus, and the American 1950s.
You get to see people building something that's not idiotic, a great treat for one who's worked in television.
Its great landmark is the Church/Abbey of the Dormition.
If you don’t sail yourself, this is a great way to see Bermuda from the water, including the many small islands lying just off Hamilton Harbour and St. George’s Harbour.
Inside USAT is a great example of a piece that gets beyond the oft-repeated facts.
It makes them part of the great Washington game, and it gives them something to act cynical and world-weary about.
Legal Aid ''has been a godsend to a great number of people in this state,'' Catron said.
There has been a great deal of cant in the past 30 years to the effect that Dior's era forced helpless women into a posture of submission with its fussily constructed garments, cumbersome skirts, cinched waists, and rigid hairstyles, crippling their feet in high heels and imprisoning their hands in white gloves.
It's a great read and has the following cat-derived words and definitions:
A place of great import (and considerable beauty) to all Cubans is the triple-domed Basílica del Cobre, named after the nearby copper mines that rise out of the forested foothills 18 km (11 miles) west of Santiago.
The great temple complex can only be entered by Hindus, but views of a huge gilded Nandi (a bull five times life size) and massive embossed silver doors can be had from just outside the front gate.
At the great Sauternes vineyard Château d'Yquem they make none of their legendary wine if the weather has been particularly bad--a crippling financial decision, less and less likely to be made as the old standards of the owner, the Comte de Lurs-Saluces, are replaced by those of management gnomes.
With the war monopolizing shipping, the FWI suffered great economic privation.
A similar little/ great, low/high distinction--that is, birds that are not exactly of a feather.
It once took 12 men to ring the great bell in the west tower, a task now accomplished with electricity.
To widespread regret, Victor Baltard’s great cast-iron and glass pavilions were torn down in the 1970s.
The museum is the brainchild of Luis Ferré, industrialist and onetime governor of Puerto Rico, who has put great effort into bringing works of art to the town.
The ensuing Civil War became one of the great crusades of the 20th century.
The operation was a great success, and a couple of days afterward my father received a get-well card from Mr. Kaplan.
Cancel, and tear to pieces, that great bond Which keeps me pale!
Schoenfeld has an answer to that, and it is a well-known one, having first been set forth in another Commentary essay in 1981 by the great Biblical scholar Robert Alter: The danger with Holocaust Studies is that, in the proliferation of methodologies and agendas, the incomprehensible horror of the event may be lost--eclipsed, as humanity of the Jews was eclipsed, by a fog of categories and subcategories and rhetorical feints at ideological opponents.
To be sure, I've been known to use that particular Anglo-Saxon expletive myself, and with great verve, too; but to encounter it in the pages of Slate was just too much.
This week the Enquirer offers a preview of Ken Starr's report on the great love affair, which will enumerate romps "in the Presidential limo, the Oval Office and even the LINCOLN BEDROOM!"
The great ones have almost no movement in their arms, wrists, and hands other than the gentlest of pendulum swings.
And she still wears great clothes.
That's one of the great movie plots, but it doesn't feel as fresh as the rest of what's on screen.
All this makes for good documentary and great short stories: His book about the cult sticks with the conventions of storytelling and delivers emotion, analysis, and narrative; the many-splendored tales that interpolate Toru's story find Murakami at his most engaging.
Creativity declined, but the new ruler of China, Kublai Khan (who was grandson of the great Genghis Khan), had an open mind and a generally humane attitude towards his new subjects.
This strategy was used to great effect by Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me , which ran ads saying, "If you see only one movie this year, see Star Wars .
It heralded the first great phase of development in science and architecture; hieroglyphs were developed and the first great building phase took place.
If only Dan Quayle had been able to grasp it, he might have used it to great advantage in this year's presidential race.
I wish Virtuous Reality and Katz great success, because he deserves it.
A number of trials are said to have put the instigators in prison and security measures have been enhanced, but their actions did a great deal of damage from which Egypt will be slow to recover.
This would immediately characterize the expression profile in a very powerful basis that provides a great deal of biological insight.
The great lobby of the Palais, the Salle des Pas Perdus, is worth a visit for a glimpse of the many lawyers, plaintiffs, witnesses, court reporters, and assorted hangers-on waiting nervously for the wheels of French justice to grind into action.
The pursuit of contributions from the high-tech community is one of the reasons that some candidates have gone to great lengths to develop a high-tech platform.
Here were kids my own age, demonstrating such great talent.
A great title can be nobly direct (Nabokov's Speak, Memory ; Jack Paar's I Kid You Not ), bitterly cryptic (Josef von Sternberg's Fun in a Chinese Laundry ; Adolf Loos' Nevertheless ), or too clever by half ( Roman by Polanski).
A design that departs radically from the ordinary may look great in a museum but fail in the kitchen.
George Szell had a similar role in shaping Cleveland into a great musical city, as did Fritz Reiner in Chicago.
For a small fee, non-guests may use the beach and facilities at a number of Guadeloupe and Martinique hotels—a great convenience for island-hoppers.
He didn't give them great size or physical power--you don't see too many Jews in the NFL--but he gave them great minds."
However, surveillance based in emergency rooms is also of great value.
This manmade artery linking the Mediterranean with the Red Sea and the Indian Ocean, allowed a much quicker journey time from Europe to the Middle East, India, and the Far East when it was opened in 1869, a great aid to the Western European powers in managing their expansive Empires.
As another example, the indigenous people of the Arctic are, as far as I know, still commonly referred to in the United States as Eskimos; but for some time now the PC term in Canada has been Inuit, a term which affords great scope for PC snobbery, as it can be fairly complicated; the people are Inuit; the language is Inuitituk; and an individual is an Inuk.
This allows a campaign based on four key issues to "drill down" on each of them in great detail.
Studies forecast an ever-increasing shortage of IT professionals, presenting a great challenge for both industry and the federal government.
Cathedral has made great progress but is continually challenged to do more.
The author assumes that Dalí was a great painter, which is not a given, as with Matisse.
On a wave of Hugo chic--the publication of a new biography and Hollywood versions of The Hunchback of Notre Dame and Les Misérables --an exhibit reveals the 19 th century French novelist to have been a great draftsman as well.
How clever it is, though, that metaphor, the great facilitating factor in the changing of word meanings, has carefully camouflaged the unmentionables of the current day.
As for Macbeth's great bond , this is a crux over which commentators have argued for years.
Getting back to The Best Man : It's not a great movie.
Finding hidden gems down narrow lanes and dark alleys is one of the great rewards of exploring Kathmandu on foot.
That is a great pity because that is exactly what advanced learners need.
First, do something great.
From the farmer's point of view, the opportunity to buy infertile seeds can be a great boon.
If you don’t sail yourself, this is a great way to see the Bahamas from the water.
Appearing on NBC's Meet the Press , Donald Trump announces he will join the Reform Party Monday and says there is "a very great possibility that I will run" for the party nomination for president.
Siegel's latest cause, taken up in the current issue of Harper's , is Eyes Wide Shut , which only he among all critics in America has realized is a great work of art.
This was his club, and that made the food taste great.
Reviewers hail this biography as "a work of deep research and intense concentration, full of archive-sweat, legwork and looking" (Julian Barnes, the New York Times Book Review ), not to mention a great read.
If you can afford it, great.
Education at the University of Chicago will continue to be great fun, in the traditional, Chicago sense in which our students have always found some of life's greatest satisfactions in the enthusiastic, unbridled pursuit of the life of the mind.
Let's just say that this has been a great year, a reversal of so much that happened in movies in the '80s.
And Jack Nicholson, who makes Clinton look like a castrato, says, "Bill, you're great.
A great cover story stunt exposes the impossibility of electronic privacy.
What I mean instead is that the commerce committee bill is, in a sense, the result of the collision between Big Tobacco's two great obsessions: lying and shareholder value.
Passions were so great on both sides of the debate in the United States--I was antiwar at the time--that few people have honestly reconsidered their views or taken a fresh look at the war and its results.
Many visitors who seek beach time in Mallorca — a pretty reasonable desire, after all — beeline for the northeast coast and its two great sandy bays, which have picturesque mountainous backdrops and are within easy striking distance of the historic towns Pollença and Alcúdia, as well as the protected wetlands s’Albufera.
If it isn't, it's a great way to spur short-term sales, since now the flagging Beanie Baby market will be enlivened by the desire to get in while you can.
Hargarten commented that this area has the potential to cause consternation and divisiveness, so it will require a great deal of textual commentary to tease out the important issues that it addresses.
Propranolol blood and tissue binding has been studied in great detail [ 7 30 31 32 ] . The propranolol tissue distribution seems to be determined primarily by the phosphatidylserine composition of the tissue [ 33 ] . These studies indicate that the factional binding is constant, and does not saturate over the pharmacological concentration range.
Since the police told her that the poisoners were "a small group of deviants" in the hunting community, "it shouldn't be difficult to restore, at least in part, her great love of Italy, which has been so barbarously betrayed."
Perón was the ideal client, an upstart with huge drive, deep pockets, and great beauty--as Eugénie had been in her time.
Our camp staff worked all winter long planning some great activities to keep everyone safe and active this summer.
Lately a great deal has been made of Rauschenberg's discretion regarding his sex life, with critics zeroing in on Bed (1955), a combine that includes a paint- and pencil-enhanced pillow, quilt, and sheet; as well as Canyon (1959), which features, among other things, a mirror, a pillow in a noose, and a stuffed bald eagle in full wingspread.
Then there are also: the Musée de l’Homme in the Palais de Chaillot (Trocadéro), devoted to man’s prehistory; the Musée de Cluny (6 Place Paul-Painlevé), for the great Lady with the Unicorn tapestry and also for sculpture of Paris’s Roman and Gothic past; Musée Guimet (6 Place d’Iéna), a superb collection of Indian, Jap­a­nese, and Chinese art; Musée de l’Affiche (18 Rue de Paradis), for advertising posters of the past and present.
A great many of us witness to a faith of grace, not judgment--and do it with grace, not judgment.
The Khedive Ismael had extravagant plans for numerous great works that were to be financed by Western European powers, but when he became stuck in a financial quagmire, they insisted on bringing in their own advisors to control key institutions.
just great conversation and what I felt was a real connection.)
America has made great progress in reducing air pollution.
Caller says, “I really enjoy your program” or “You really have a great program tonight.”
Great story.
The attempt to wheedle money out of the caustic and not-quite-there old man is the real glory of American Movie . As Borchardt shows Bill pictures of pretty actresses, offers him a credit as an "executive producer," buys him booze, and promises big profits and glory down the road ("I see great cinema in this."
These people took great care to use the language, which they had acquired at great trouble, expense and personal inconvenience, with care.
It is holy to not merely one religion but to the three great Western monotheistic faiths: Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.
Roughly bounded by four rivers — the Seine, Oise, Aisne, and Marne — the Ile-de-France was the birthplace of the first great Gothic cathedrals, including Saint-Denis, Senlis, Chartres, and Beauvais.
It's like that great comic Baudelaire said about the true ironist: You have to be "a disinterested spectator of yourself," especially when your self is watching its nest egg quickly dwindle to "what the hell, blow it all in one big bash!"
The few dozen islands and rocks are widely scattered along the great curving chain of the Lesser Antilles.
It has been meticulously outfitted with period furniture, a great number of the pieces designed by Gaudí.
We are in a great age of nonfiction narrative writing.
What is the great balloon race?
Its one great mountain, Gunung Rinjani, is the second highest in Indonesia and dominates the northern half of the island.
When the seventh seal is broken, John learns that 144,000 faithful Jews, 12,000 each from the 12 tribes of Israel, together with great multitudes who "came out of the great tribulation," will ultimately appear before God, who promises them salvation.
Walking in the countryside is one of the great pleasures of Bali.
While "the great orchestras are all sounding pretty much alike, the Kirov has a character all its own" (Matthew Gurewitsch, the New York Times ).
The results of the Self-Inspection show a great improvement in the accuracy of CSR submissions, with the error rate reduced 55%, from an 11% error rate for 1999 CSR's to a 5% error rate for 2000 CSR's.
The region that would become Poland, a great plain sandwiched between the Vistula and Odra rivers, has been inhabited since the Stone Age by migratory tribal peoples — among them Celts, Balts, Huns, Slavs and Mongols.
Paxon is the world's most replaceable man--a lightweight operator of fungible principles, not especially conservative, not especially moderate, and with no great or special political talent.
A privileged few get to see the great Délacroix paintings in the library, illustrating the history of civilization.
The lessons of Acheson and Marshall are is that our nation's greatest export to the world has been, is, and always will be the incredible freedoms we understand in the great land called America."
Assigned after some weeks to a few hours per week in the makeshift dental clinic in the prison revier or hospital, I took to busying myself during the great gaps of empty time by searching out and putting on paper British army-language specials, like mucker `partner,' scoff `overeat,' fluff `girl,' skilly `meal,' griff `rumor,' duff `dessert.
Lately, however, the flow of newly liberated politicos joining the Internet Economy is so great that some of these dot-coms might as well be known as dot-pols.
I could see right away that Microsoft was home to a great deal of talent and creative drive.
After a great 60 Minutes segment, viewers shake their heads in anger and disbelief.
The northwest of Puerto Rico is the surfing capital of the Antilles, with great waves rising offshore.
It would be of great interest to study the Ogg1 mutant mice to determine whether an increase level of 8-OH-dG adducts predisposes to diabetes.
The question is, is he now or has he ever been a great novelist?
Modern women with their sexual appetites remained in his mind a threat as great as modern machinery.
Only Linda Nochlin (whose contribution to the catalog of the Chicago show is an overview of Impressionist portraiture with almost nothing on Renoir) used the Art in America occasion to say something serious and illuminating about Renoir's art, noting that Renoir's men--in such idylls as Luncheon of the Boating Party (1881) and Dance at Bougival (1883) (both great paintings, which blur the distinction between portrait and genre painting, are in the Chicago show)--offer a masculine ideal counter to the male predators and businessmen of Degas and Manet: "Tough and tender at once," these men "are luscious, peachy-skinned and downy-haired, with heavy-lidded eyes and yearning red mouths."
Children around the world hold these alliterative and rhyming nonsensical sequences in great respect and are careful to incant them with meticulous exactitude.
Moth: They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
As there is little rainfall on La Gomera this mist, spawned by the mystical trade winds, assumes great ecological importance having given life to this sub-tropical forest.
Since 1967 the site has been painstakingly excavated to give a picture of daily life before the great eruption.
But even the great white hope Lamar Alexander would have faced the same situation Dole had to deal with: a damaging but untouchable GOP abortion plank and guilt by association with the Gingrich Congress.
My search for Slates, apparently an act of free will, was but a pawn's move in the great game of advertising played by casually superior types on Madison Avenue and in Hollywood (and in Redmond, Wash.
It's not a great novel.
Called garum, it was considered a great delicacy by Romans and Greeks alike.
"There's no question they were great ads," says Mark Mellman, a Democratic pollster.
The great massacre of chickens in Hong Kong took place after an improvement in chicken sales from 10 percent to about 50 percent of normal since the "avian flu" crisis began, according to the South China Morning Post.
Frommer's devotes an average of 10 times more copy to hotel décor than to the design of Chicago's great buildings.
For journalists--even for respectable critics like you and me--"Sensation" is great copy.
To another, case studies involve getting a great deal of information about a single site or circumstance, when generalizability isn't important.
His torrential, lurid masterpiece Witness , a best seller in 1952 and still Ronald Reagan's favorite book in the 1980s, ranks as one of the great American autobiographies.
Fiscal year 2000 was a tremendous year of accomplishment and achievement for GAO œ a year of great service to the Congress and of great benefit to the American taxpayer.
The identification of intracellular transduction mechanisms, such as gustducin, [ 15 16 ] and more recently the sweet T1R and bitter T2R receptor families [ 4 6 17 ] , offer great possibilities to further our understanding of taste.
Rembrandt was a prolific teacher and his pupils produced work so similar to his that in later years many were initially mistaken for the great artist’s work.
This report demonstrates that our grantees and the broader equal justice community are doing great things for clients and are doing it more efficiently and effectively with fewer resources.
This is an economy, after all, that is doing well but not great, that is still growing slowly in historical terms, and that has still not shown significant evidence of a real boom in productivity (with the notable exception of the manufacturing sector).
While deeply honored, this occasion presents me with great difficulty.
It was finally put down by the intervention of all the great powers, which joined together in an unprecedented alliance.
Still there is great need, especially in the way of endowed scholarships.
During the last fifty years, a great deal of research has been undertaken to discover more about the great ancient societies of the Yucatán.
Of course, great cooks don't usually make great cleaners.
While others chase semen-stained cocktail dresses and sweat through the Beltway summer humidity in pursuit of leaks, we sit back in our breezy Pacific Northwest aerie, sipping a microbrew, observing, analyzing, synthesizing, and generally thinking great thoughts.
Comparison of an alignment of Arabidopsis myosin motor domains to these conserved sequences shows a great deal of conservation among them (data not shown).
In similar vein, the Independent said, "It is a decision of great moment not just for France but for the whole of Europe because whatever they decide, the situation is a warning of the sinister forces which stand ready to exploit arrogant, bureaucratic and remote European institutions in bad economic times."
William McKinley said in his first Inaugural Address, March 4, 1897, "Lynchings must not be tolerated in a great and civilized country like the United States," but he said it without horror.
As you approach the Temple Mount along the Street of the Chain, you’ll notice the imposing doorways of the great Mameluke-style mansions of Jerusalem from the 14th century, with their stalactite-like ornamentation.
So this is a great way to sound tough and sophisticated without actually committing yourself.
In the per capita volume range of most Northern European countries, Canada, New Zealand and Australia, the effect on unit cost from a ten-percent reduction in per capita volume is not great.
The great flaw in most of the Coens' work is, surprisingly, an inability to sustain a plot over a two-hour span.
Flutie's daughter is a great example.
Rockefeller wanted a great college, and he went to great trouble to lure Harper from Yale to the nascent University of Chicago.
When there's a conflict between a great story and some other factor, the great story almost always carries the day.
The next president of the United States must tap into the great strength of America, which are the hearts and souls of decent Americans."
Of course, western science and technology exerted great influence on China, so that some scientific terms were borrowed into Chinese.
I don't know, maybe the great, big, arena-rocking songs are masses-opiating tools of social control, but I really can't believe that everything in the pop marketplace is just numbly imbibed by a passive audience.
The lawyer serves his client by employing his most impressive language: the collision was one of “great force and violence,’ the injuries “severe,’ the pain “excruciating,’ and the mental anguish “extreme.
Named by Danish settlers after the wife of King Christian V, the settlement started out as a trading port (a tradition that continues with great success today).
Keeping with its strategy of being the Web's great aggregator, Yahoo!
In the toy-store scene, for instance, Oskar says of a neighbor who also took part in the great national pogrom, though he wasn't in that particular store: "Meyn was not there," he says, "just as the ones who were there were not somewhere else"--a swipe at all the Germans who claimed not to have been around whenever Nazi crimes took place.
Even the most aged and infirm travel here to die, for nothing is more blessed for a devout Hindu than to die in the great waters of the Varanasi and thus be released from the eternal cycle of rebirth.
Race is the great American problem.
But Yokohama’s great waterfront, port redevelopment project, museums, and restaurants should still keep it high on your list.
The bridge requires continual maintenance because storms, hurricanes, high winds, and heavy seas take a constant toll; in turbulent weather the Atlantic rises in great waves pushing towards the still, calm Caribbean.
Have you ever met someone who was “great shakes,” who could “cut the mustard” and “do squat,” who “was your cup of tea,” and whom you “would touch with a ten-foot pole”?
Paul Tucker, guest curator of that show and the current one, made a convincing argument that Monet was celebrating the great motifs of the French nation: her land, her agriculture, her religion, and her architecture.
And among people with long musical memories, there is a general feeling that while this may be a period of high competence, it is not a great moment for orchestras or conductors.
This impressive assembly earned the fertile Río Ameca Valley (just north of present day Puerto Vallarta) the name Valle de Banderas (Valley of the Banners), and the great bay just in front of the valley became known as Bahía de Banderas.
One ominous note: If China did steal American technology, it could take a great leap toward nuclear parity.
But if you think of her as representing a whole new style, a generous style, a kind of post-narcissism, she looks pretty great.
It's a one joke movie, but the one joke is good, and the actors are great: "Laughs battle formulas and laughs win" (Jay Carr, the Boston Globe ). As the mob boss, "De Niro parodies his own persona with huge relish" (Joe Morgenstern, the Wall Street Journal ), and Crystal's put-upon analyst is refreshingly underplayed.
Only one-fourth of non-SES managers reported that to a great or very great extent employees received positive recognition from their agencies for efforts to help accomplish strategic goals.
The last time it is said to not have liquified was 1980, the year of the great earthquake.
Just 8 km (5 miles) northeast of Florence, 30 minutes on the number 7 bus from the Duomo or Piazza San Marco, the road winds up a wooded cypress-studded hillside, revealing at each bend ever-changing views of Fiesole’s gardens and historical villas and the monuments of the great Renaissance city below.
(Interestingly, my dad and I later developed a great relationship, and he swore he couldn't remember the incident.
This great metropolis, Québec’s largest city with 3.1 million inhabitants, is built on an island at the confluence of the Ottawa and St. Lawrence rivers.
Is Madeleine Albright a great diplomat or merely a competent one?
Bown proposes that we in the West have ignored, if not actually betrayed, the great body of painting made in this century in the former Soviet republics.
--but he seems to have been the great romantic love of her life, after her husband, to whom it should be remembered that she remained married for 42 years.
Then, "when he finally woke up," he immediately started making phone calls to world leaders about Kosovo because this "gave him a chance to feel himself a leader of a great power."
When you talk to euro enthusiasts, they invariably claim that one of the great benefits of the new currency will be "price transparency."
It's a dazzling opening, this great Cézanne, and much of the explosion of Cubist work in the next room builds on Cézanne's achievement.
Tucker can be trying when the script isn't good, but he's a great foil for Chan--physically gung-ho and with supersonic timing.
In commemoration of the 600 th anniversary of the great battle, in 1989 Lazar's bones were taken for a tour around Serbia and Bosnia, from monastery to monastery.
Santa Monica’s Third Street Promenade has two great pool halls: Yankee Doodle and the unusual Gotham Hall.
These great shrines were later rebuilt and expanded into their present magnificence.
The home of two famous painters, Correggio and Parmigianino, and birthplace of the conductor Arturo Toscanini, has much more to offer than just great cheese and ham.
Even in its own day, fashion needs a lot of enhancement to make it look great.
At the top of the list of Bali’s great attractions are its beaches with the warm waters of the Indian Ocean lapping at the shores, but the range of active and sports choices is hardly limited to floating on the waves.
And so the great party went jollily on, night after night, presided over by owner Steve Rubell, irrepressible though always zonked on 'ludes (co-owner Ian Schrager, the son of a Meyer Lansky lieutenant, was all but invisible).
The great thing about the goo packets is portability.
From Charlottetown, head north to the great beaches of P.E.I.
Of great quality.
What Hewitt neglected to point out, of course, is that apologizing for a perfectly good piece of journalism is not so great a sin as preventing that piece of journalism from coming to light in the first place.
Before the advent of modern weaponry, one of the central tenets of the isolationist catechism was that America's status as a continental nation, flanked by two great oceans, gave us the luxury of doing without all the treaties and alliances that countries such as France or Great Britain had to bother with.
When it comes to theater, Berlin is one of the most exciting and innovative cities in Europe and all the world, so that even without a great command of the German language, any enthusiastic theatergoer can enjoy some stirring performances.
On the Yamuna (Jumna) river at the western end of the great Ganga valley, the capital seems to have been a coveted place for India’s conquerors.
The other great opera houses are La Fenice in Venice (which is pending reconstruction), Florence’s Teatro Comunale, and the great Teatro San Carlo of Naples.
The Oxford work, however, gives a great deal of useful information, largely, I imagine, because Oxford's citation files are probably more extensive than Green's.
He continues: "I have no doubt whatsoever that Reagan was a great man and a great president, but some of his conversation in private was astonishingly banal."
There is more Manrique design to admire at the caves of Jameos del Agua; opened in 1966, this was the first attraction designed by the great creator, where his landscaping talents have embellished and transformed a grotto and underground lagoon into a short fantasy journey.
Since it's part of YSL's first collection as Dior's successor, this object has clear historic value and great elegance, but not much independent life.
"It's a great honor to have a building dedicated to justice and to the service of the community . . . named after me," said Reynoso, who is now a UC Davis Law School professor. "
Today it’s been restored and visitors can enjoy an audio presentation about the great controversies that have been aired here.
In the 1920s the great and the good believed that an essential precondition for British recovery was a return to the prewar gold standard--at the prewar parity, that is, making a pound worth $4.
And then there's this interesting fact, which was actually noted in a front-page article in the business section of today's New York Times : The most popular video game made by Electronic Arts, the largest video-game maker in the world, is FIFA '99, a soccer game featuring all the great international teams.
They built many impressive churches during the term of the first Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem, but in 1187 they were driven out by Muslim forces under the great warrior Saladin.
They make valuable the detailed knowledge of countries' histories, which intellectuals have in great supply.
The ruins of Jerusalem were briefly liberated, but, in the end, Jewish resistance to Rome was defeated with great loss of life.
But Updike, even in this book, is a great writer, the greatest we have, in his particular areas of strength--in the control of visual details, in his rhythmic intensity, in the colors and shapes that come pouring syncopatedly from his mischievous pen.
The new Albertson's supermarket is great fun to shop in--good coffee, fresh herbs, and reasonably good focaccia bread.
Not if it's pseudopraise, the poison ivy disguised as a rose bouquet: "You look great.
The great innovators are all here: Matisse, Picasso, Kandinsky, Duchamps, Pollock, Rauschenberg, and Francis Bacon, as well as the sculptors Brancusi, Arp, Tinguely, Giacometti, and Claes Oldenburg.
Rich farmland, vineyards, and dense forest, with the protective Vosges mountain range on one side and the great Rhine river on the other, combine to make Alsace a nicely self-contained and comfortable region.
He honestly believes himself to be "Marilyn Manson," the embodiment of the world's great opposites--man and woman, icon and villain, Christ and Satan.
In an editorial, the paper said the euro is now established as "one of the world's great currencies" whose ups and downs against the dollar are a minor issue.
Chaniá was capital of Crete from 1845 until 1971 and it remains the island’s second largest settlement, with a great deal of urban development.
Sprawling across 70 hectares (173 acres), this retirement hideaway of the great emperor-builder was designed to recapture some of the architectural marvels of his empire, especially the Greece he loved above all else — a travel notebook for his old age.
The only negative thing the Hindu had to say about the great Sinatra was that "My Way" was "one of his less memorable songs."
Melaka’s Baba Nyonya Chinese quarter (see page 76) is a great place to hunt and bargain for old porcelain imported from southern China, antique silver or jade bracelets, and, if you can find a way of shipping it home, a piece of furniture from the colonial days.
It's great to take when traveling--the things you see become more special."
In 1729 Benjamin Franklin said a journalist ought to be qualified with an extensive acquaintance with languages, a great easiness and command of writing and relating things clearly and intelligibly, and, in a few words, he should be able to speak of war both by land and sea, be well acquainted with geography, with the history of the time, with the several interests of princes and states, the secrets of courts, and the manners and customs of all nations.
I just saw an early cut of a great documentary on George Wallace that will play Sundance in January and then air on PBS's American Experience in April.
Take them on a canal cruise — seeing a city from a different perspective is great fun and a great education.
It is a politics with great potential appeal to an electorate increasingly dominated by an independent, stock-owning middle class.
It's going to be a great race.
While you've been in Bermuda getting sunburned, I've been up in the mountains (Catskills) all summer, which has been great for getting away but also leaves me somewhat media-challenged--I get the New York dailies but don't have cable or any TV, and even the radio reception is terrible.
The wind whistles with great force in Fuerteventura and may even have given the island its name, a corruption and inversion of el viento fuerte (the strong wind).
In other words, the forces that brought this book into existence had little enough to do with Du Bois--although evoking him is of critical importance to the book's audience as a kind of typology about the struggle of black people to gain self-knowledge, a story that black people never tire of reciting, even today with a plethora of black bookshops and publishers grinding out books on black subjects or with a black point of view with ever-increasing regularity--and a great deal to do with the shift that has taken place within the black population of the United States in the last 25 years and the dramatic change in its status.
It has been suggested to me that this name has lost a great deal of its popularity for girls due to its diminutive, Les , too easily confused with lez (for lesbian ), which seems a pity.
Great reviews for this Eddie Murphy-Steve Martin comedy about a low-rent movie-maker (Martin) and his ragtag stable of actors: "Perhaps the funniest movie for grownups so far this year" (Richard Schickel, Time ). Martin, out of desperation, hires a painfully awkward nerd (Murphy) who has no film experience other than being "an active renter at Blockbuster" but who bears a striking resemblance to action star Kit Ramsey (also played by Murphy).
U.S. employers have always been arrayed in something of a normal distribution, with some being quite progressive and humane, offering great benefits and employment security, and some being right bastards.
That's OK in the sex industry, but not so great in others, because it tends to alienate the loyal supporters who form the core of the business.
Giambattista Tiepolo (1696-1770), the last of the great Venetian artists--those masters of color and suave worldliness--was the supreme painter of ceilings and skies.
On the other hand, he also brought back the potato, and how many great potato songs had anybody written by then?
Some penitents still heroically climb the 600-plus steps on their knees, especially during the great annual pilgrimage on 8 September.
The great burden of government is that it spends your money.
Notwithstanding the logistic difficulties of constructing synonym differentiators and collocations dictionaries, particularly the latter, it is now possible for information technology to deliver direct to socalled end-users lexical data retrieval systems of great size, power, and usefulness.
Even as a great deal of the "top God" discussion drifts into remote realms of cosmology, much of the "my God" discussion becomes ever more individualized.
Work on the cathedral, the largest Gothic church in the world and the third largest of its kind — only St. Peter’s in Rome and St. Paul’s in London are bigger — began in 1401 after the great mosque was razed.
The architecture of the church built in his name at Assisi contradicted Francis’s humble testament denouncing “temples of great dimension and rich ornament. ”
But this, of course, is not Southwest's fault, except insofar as Southwest makes its seats so cheap that even drunken assholes can fly across this great country of ours.
Cryptosporidium oocysts have an ubiquitous geographic distribution and can be detected in most surface drinking water sources [ 8 ] . The oocysts are resistant to environmental degradation [ 9 ] , survive chlorination water treatment, and are too small (4 to 6 microns) to be removed by conventional water filters [ 6 ] . Risk factors for acquiring cryptosporidiosis have been determined primarily in studies of community-wide outbreaks, and drinking water has been implicated as the source of these outbreaks [ 9 10 11 12 13 14 ] . Case-control studies in AIDS patients have also been conducted during outbreaks [ 12 15 ] , but levels of endemic risk in the United States remain uncertain, even though there is great concern for diarrheal disease associated with drinking water in this population [ 16 17 ] . Because defining the risk associated with drinking tap water is particularly important for counseling immunocompromised patients on reducing their risk of cryptosporidiosis, we conducted a case-control study among persons with AIDS in San Francisco to test the hypothesis that the pattern of tap water consumption is associated with the development of endemic cryptosporidiosis.
Rejection would give great encouragement to proliferators.
"Therefore, since we are surrounded by so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight and the sin that clings so closely, and let us run with perseverance the race that is set before us.
"If, by great entertainment, you mean programs starring Dweezil and Ahmet Zappa, or the umpteenth Discovery Channel special on sharks," he did not add.
There have been observant players even in the majors, most notably the great Sandy Koufax, who declined to play on Yom Kippur.
His son Philip II moved the capital of the great Spanish empire from Toledo to previously insignificant Madrid.
The advantage that Bennett and others, like neo-conservative writer Ben Wattenberg and Christian Coalition spokesman Ralph Reed, have is that while liberals spend a great deal of time analyzing the problem--liberalism's value-free politics--they are wary of actually filling the vacuum with any kind of absolutist morality.
A great Bhairav urn and a comical terra-cotta Ganesh are noteworthy.
It's a great business when you can borrow money with no intention of paying it back."
Here and there, great clusters of villas are transformed from ghost town to boom town as soon as summer arrives.
Prudie is hearing a great deal about Viagra--but mercifully not from her readers.
Its advantages: great weather, varied scenery, and nonunion labor.
The great bohemias of history--Murger's and Charles Baudelaire's 19 th -century Paris, Bloomsbury, the French and German Dadaists, the Surrealists, the Beats, the indie rock scene--were flamboyant and self-enthralled.
Come if only to savor one (or more) of its great restaurants, a clutch of chic bistros on Tremont Street around Clarendon.
Columbine had the great hook: kids, especially the unfortunate girl who professed her belief in God and became an instant martyr.
Unlike the great capital cities of Europe, there is no prevailing style of architecture here, no “monumental” core for a new building to harmonize or clash with.
Feel great!”
Like any decent local paper, it views the city as the place of man's highest achievement, of clashing ideas, power struggles, great ambitions.
Burton's take on Washington Irving's legendary headless horseman is one of the great nightmare images in movies.
The main hall is covered by a great expanse of glass supported by an iron frame, and ferns and potted plants around the hall create an exotic ambience.
Paleóchora awaits, with a great range of eateries to replenish you for the journey home.
I started as a fan of great popularizers like Richard Dawkins and Steven Pinker, and I have since graduated not only to hero worship of the leading evolutionary theorists but also to reading textbooks and even journal articles.
The church itself is an unprepossessing reconstruction after a devastating fire of 1771, but the Brancacci Chapel with the great Masaccio frescoes miraculously survived intact.
Indeed, I quote Brian pointing out that increasing returns had been extensively discussed by the great English economist Alfred Marshall in 1891.
The Friday evening Big Wild West Show (with barbecue) is great fun for children.
Setúbal’s greatest historical and artistic treasure, the Gothic Igreja de Jesus, was built around 1490 by the great French architect Boytac, who later built Lisbon’s glorious Jerónimos Monastery (see page 36).
Paid for by Bishop Everard of Norwich, for whom Fontenay was a refuge from the hostility of Henry II of England, the abbey church has a sober, unadorned beauty — no bell­tower, as there were no distant faithful to be called to worship, but harmonious proportions in the interior, and fine acoustics because Saint Bernard was a great lover of music.
Just past the Jewish Agency compound, near the corner of Agron, Ramban, and Aza streets, rises the massive façade of Hekhal Shlomo, Jerusalem’s great synagogue.
Did Greenberg really have a great eye, or was Jackson Pollock just a lucky loser foisted on a gullible public by a bull in a china shop?
A great celebration would take place, usually in the home of the bride, with food, drinks, and music.
Henry Mitchell, the late, great, and I think, conservative garden writer (he smoked cigarettes in his garden, an act incomprehensible to liberals), poked fun at those who think they garden in "a natural way."
Finally, while a great deal is known about what works regarding using IT to improve quality, much remains to be learned, especially regarding implementation and dissemination of systems.
The one great feat that was achieved during their sovereignty, though, was the creation of the Suez Canal, an engineering marvel of its day that opened with great aplomb in 1869.
The crown is romantically associated with St. Stephen, the great 11th-century king, but is actually of a slightly later date (the lower half is 11th century; the upper, 12th century).
Now, there's nothing wrong with quoting short-sellers on companies, even when they stand to make a great deal of money if their comments knock those companies' stock prices down.
4. "Buddhadey Bhattacharya , home minister for West Bengal, told the New York Times : 'We discuss the great questions: What is postmodernism ?
We treat that question at length in our book, relating the observation to theories at the frontier of the branch of economics known as "Industrial Organization," but here is a hint: The simplest textbook model of the perfectly competitive firm doesn't do a great job of describing the companies that have driven the market higher and higher.
A short walk west from the Citadel leads to Mosque of Ibn Tulun founded in 876 as the religious center of a great military compound established by Ibn Tulun who was appointed governor of Egypt in 868.
Italian kitchenware is in general beautifully styled with a great sense of color and line.
To those wont to steep themselves in the writings of the 19th century, a period marked by an emergence of scholarship and of the broad dissemination of knowledge, plumbing the delights of those writings not only for their content but for their controlled and mannered style yields great satisfaction.
A great many embroidered, items, including tablecloths and napkins, are all over Portugal — especially at street markets.
Another Quindlen-like figure was William Allen White, the great turn-of-the-century editor of the Emporia, Kansas, Gazette , who deployed his aw-shucks tone to attack heartland know-nothingism and populism, but whose greatest column is widely acknowledged to be his elegy to his daughter, who died after she ran into a low-hanging branch while riding a horse.
The Prime Mover of Wealth was no longer a great industrialist who rode herd on thousands of corporate slaves, or the great politician who rode herd on the nation's finances, or the great Wall Street tycoon who bankrolled a new enterprise.
So potent is the element of style in active sport shoes that great fashion designers have gone for it, producing hybrids such as Gaultier's spike-heeled sneakers, and Chanel's black deck-shoe-cum-sneaker, with the big double C gleaming on its white toe.
He gets a great ride, and so do we, but it's impossible not to want to know more about what is going on under the surface--about why some of these things happen--and on the subject of "character," this book is odd.
Profile-induced multiple alignments of this protein show a great degree of conservation over the pathogenic positions, particularly for the Gly153 → Ser mutation (Figure 8).
All these qualities critics have identified as traits of the Great European Novel mixed with magical realism are also the traits of the cool, alienated, allusion-dropping singer-songwriter.
What is harder for me to explain is the great number of women in these smoking groups.
Indeed, the most recently published study (which did not suffer from measurement bias) showed a high prevalence (30%) of AR in persons taking fenfluramine or dexfenfluramine at the time of the echocardiogram, similar to the older prevalence studies [ 15 ] . Regarding the potential reversibility of valve dysfunction, great caution must be exercised in assuming any substantial reversal of valvular plaques, as recent pathological studies suggest a progressive nature to these lesions [ 33 ] . Furthermore, limited, early apparent echocardiographic improvement of acute rheumatic carditis has also been recently demonstrated [ 34 ] . The early improvement seen in this setting certainly does not preclude later progression of rheumatic valvular heart disease.
For want of a fitting statue to the great man, observatory staff have placed in the entrance hall, as a splendidly atrocious visual pun, a simple small stone — Ein Stein.
"We all suffered a great loss today," Hansbury told the assembled media.
There is a great variety of places to stay, from luxury grand hotels (what the French would call a palace) and converted châteaux and abbeys to simple country inns (auberges) and gîtes ruraux — often a converted farmhouse where the farmer’s wife cooks your meal.
The physical risks have become very great for male ice dancers, but their clothes stay conservative.
Given Tocqueville's anti-statist purposes, it is not surprising that contemporary critics of the U.S. federal government celebrate the great Frenchman's stress on voluntary associations (understood as functioning in opposition to bureaucratic state power).
Ágios Nikólaos does not have great beaches; as a consequence much of its up-market accommodations are outside the town.
Thousands of people arrived with little more than the clothes they wore, putting great strain on the resources of the islands.
It apparently never occurred to even one of these overpaid scribes to eliminate Hopkins' rueful realization that he'd "never write the great American novel"--no kidding, given his flagrantly Welsh accent.
Our lay health advisors had great difficulty with this approach.
Fiscal year 2000 was a tremendous year of accomplishment and achievement for GAO œ a year of great service to the Congress and of great benefit to the American taxpayer.
They can't figure out why he's a great coach.
While Christianity was not a great success in China, it made local headway, evidenced today by the numerous Catholic churches in Macau’s historic center.
Thus Port-au-Prince , capital of Haiti, is tàiz\isymbol\găng , literally great son port, but Haiti itself is hăidi , clearly a transliteration.
Presumably writing before the Taliban announced its new restrictions on bin Laden, commentator Joseph Samaha of Saudi-owned al-Hayat described him in an editorial Thursday as one of the great beneficiaries of the American-sponsored "communications revolution," which enabled him to transfer money undetected around the world and to reach every corner of the "information village."
Thus it is an expression of both discretion and a great humble reverence for the feelings of others to leave such a "point" unmade and unwinced at.
Shanghai’s present position as a great industrial and commercial center is part of an earlier 20th century colonial tradition.
But what's so great about being nice or chivalrous?
The monks also make and sell some fine cheeses — an Italian-style ricotta, blue Ermite, and the Mont St-Benoît, great with the apples they grow in their orchard.
Is it really such a great thing?
Smallpox, while not found in the world's population at present, remains a potential health hazard especially due to the possibility of its use as a bioweapon [ 1 2 3 4 5 ] . There is currently no accepted treatment for smallpox, although a number of agents have been evaluated [ 6 ] . Therefore, new therapeutic or virucidal agents could have great utility in slowing both the progression and spread of the disease in an epidemic situation.
One of them gets shot by an actor from Beverly Hills 90210 and is shut in a cave, an event of great, if puzzling, significance.
It's just more emotional stress than I need to have to see my food having a great time on shore leave just minutes before its death.
He comments on the errors in the writings of the great masters that are cited today either in a derisory tone or as an excuse for our own shortcomings:
Dyson's extreme eccentricities (despite great wealth, she's lived in the same one-bedroom walk-up for 25 years--and it doesn't have a telephone) bolster her reputation as a visionary.
We are no longer a state supported law school, for the state no longer provides the great bulk of our funding.
About Kathy Molina's "Diary": It's great that Slate readers are getting some exposure to a segment of society of which few people are aware.
•Elsewhere, great events were changing the shape of the world.
Today, the memory of Psychic Friends would live on in all our minds as a great and kooky American success story; we wouldn't have hundreds of psychics worried about their futures; and Lasky would still be ridiculously wealthy.
At the other extreme, some poets attempt to carefully choose words in such a way that the poem expresses a great deal in very little space.
Joan Didion the journalist is a great believer in stories.
Despite the near-attacks on Iraq, Time and Newsweek run soft covers: herbal medicine in Time and "super" cars in Newsweek . Time 's cover piece ("It's great business, but is it good for what ails us?"
Except for the trials of intravenous recombinant tissue-plasminogen activator (rt-PA) in the treatment of ischemic stroke within the first 3 h [ 1], this traditional approach has lead to no approved therapies for stroke, and has lead to a great degree of pessimism with regard to thrombolysis beyond 3 h and with regard to the concept of neuroprotection in stroke.
America is the greatest nation in the world, and our athletes continually prove to the world how great a nation we truly are, thanks to the generous support of Olympic family members like you.
Great reviews for Memphis soul-blues singer and guitarist Cray's 11 th album: "A sheer blast of rocking good times" (Amy Linden, People ). It may not break any new ground, but it nevertheless impresses the critics--Joe Rosenthal of Rolling Stone writes that it is "a slow-burning soul record--and one of the most focused album's of Cray's 25 year career."
Spraying the roughly 150-million-plus acres of America's last great wilderness preserves is simply impractical.
In Emilia-Romagna, the pride and creativity of the great city-states is still very much in evidence in the monuments and museums of Bologna, Ferrara, and Parma.
With breakthroughs in molecular biology, basic immunology and biotechnology, great progress has been made in the field of tumor immunology.
It is I, the great Shopping Avenger, who has pledged himself to the betterment of all humankind, or at least to that portion of humankind that shops at Circuit City and rents trucks from U-Haul.
But he never shows the great harms perpetrated by this system.
With an exhilarating leap of the imagination, you can stand among the columns, arches, and porticoes of the Roman Forum and picture the civic, commercial, and religious hub of the great city, the first in Europe to house a million inhabitants.
We want to express our considerable respect for the intellect and judgment of our colleagues, as well as our great affection for them.
The route of the great “sacred way” that linked the Agora with the Acropolis above — and that was used during the Panathenaic Festival — is now being excavated and rebuilt to allow visitors to walk in the footsteps of the ancient Athenians.
Although the underlying mechanism of such synergism is unclear, it is of great interest to combine the two drugs in clinical lung cancer patients to see if the synergy of the two drugs exists under the physiological conditions.
In these, no matter how great the meritocratic pretenses, the contest is always less completely open than it is in public institutions.
The great French fortress town of Louisbourg is presented as a splendid national historic park, one of the most elaborate in Canada’s ambitious reconstruction program.
Since CPT analogues become one of the most promising new classes of antineoplastic agents introduced into the clinic in recent years [ 19 ] , activity of camptothecin on endothelial cells may be of great interest.
The upper choir is exquisitely carved, with a great Renaissance organ dating to 1562 — one of the oldest in Europe.
Greene's dialogue is already close to great screenwriting, and Jordan edits and orchestrates it with masterful cunning.
True devotees talk shop at even more specialized groups, such as one on Northeastern weather (ne.weather), whose recent conversation topics included the great blizzard of 1978 and the freak snowstorm of May 1977.
Musicians often refer to a great rhythm section with terms like "grooving," "popping," and "killing."
Charles Dickens: The great artist of character types is Dickens, but he seems never to have drawn anyone much like Bill Clinton.
We are merely told by the Times that the disease is "a cause of great concern each summer for parents and those who spend a lot of time outdoors."
Lee Siegel is a regular contributor to the New Republic who has become famous for taking a hatchet to all subjects great and small.
"Elian Gonzalez gets some batting tips from Santa Claus in the front yard of his great uncle's home Tuesday.
The secret's long out now--not only because of the Journal , but even more because of the rise of the great technology companies, and the people who built them (Gates, Jobs et. al.)
Some great details today in the Wall Street Journal 's front-page feature about the road to the tobacco settlement.
The controversy was later used against Dukakis to great effect by George Bush.
The successful execution of these two critical success factors depends to a great extent on officials other than the CIO.
Defenders call it a "largely episodic collection of great moments that aren't all causally linked in that comforting way we're used to" (Yahlin Chang, Newsweek ). Tom Wolfe, who attacked the book in the literary magazine Biblio on the basis of its title--without having read a word of the manuscript--draws a stinging retort from Kirn in the latest issue of Tin House , in which he writes a lovely parody of a negative review for his own book: "I consider it my duty as the author of this offensive work, to carry even further Wolfe's condemnation in hopes of neutralizing, from the start, a potentially harmful literary contagion."
Comparative analysis using material from other great apes including gorilla and orangutan indicated the inversion event was restricted to the chimpanzee lineage.
During the Vietnam War, some conscientious objectors believed they were acting for the good of the country and did so at great personal risk.
As a frequent writer of letters to The Times and an occasional writer to other periodicals, all of which receive a great deal of mail, I can understand the points made.
And though today's top-ranking players earn six-figure incomes from their prizes and commercial endorsements, many of the great players of tomorrow may even now be benefiting from government's biggest covert subsidy of sports and the arts--unemployment insurance (and perhaps the occasional food stamp).
Sports pages and broadcasters across the country are still heralding McGwire's homer as one of the great feats in slugging history.
There is a great deal of ruin in a nation.
Niagara Falls, Ontario, has, to the chagrin of many American tour operators, the best grandstand view of one of the Western World’s great natural wonders.
So this "ordinary" woman--one like about 50 million others in America--has this great value to this man she is going to the theater with.
These individuals' superior skill, regularly demonstrated in public, is simply too great to ignore.
They arranged a mighty soiree for the great day, and they invited a reporter from the county newspaper to be there to interview him.
Across the river on the west bank are the remains of other temples, and more importantly, the burial places of the great Pharaohs of Ancient Egypt, hidden in a slender valley beyond the narrow fertile river plain.
(No, Michael Jordan as a great role model.)
And that's especially true in a place like America, with great status inequality.
Cagney's corniness never really worked on-screen--the "goodies" were drowned out by windy speeches--but when he turned it upside down in White Heat , his great 1949 comeback to the gangster genre, he was unmatched as a ruthless pervert.
Also, eight elderly celebs talk about how great it is to get old.
Daniel Akst responds: It's possible that, as at least one other reader has suggested in "The Fray," if indexing goes far enough, the marginal returns to research will become so great that research will pay, the market will be made efficient, and everyone will live happily ever after.
Under the Ottomans it held the main market and despite the great amount of archaeological excavation that has taken place since the 1820s, it still retains the atmosphere of an oriental bazaar.
West has really grappled with the great plays and found in the lack of a central consciousness (the protagonists are not mouthpieces for the playwright) and refusal to demonize even the most destructive-seeming characters a hallmark of Christian forgiveness.
all-night popcorn marvellous; great: When things are going your way, it's like all-night popcorn .
Many Arabs would rather relive the glory days of the 1956 Suez crisis, when the great hero of Arab nationalism, Egypt's Gamal Abdel Nasser, withstood an invasion by Britain, France, and Israel.
and [it] places great emphasis on human life and human dignity.
Sometimes, when I read Fish (his frightening "Mission Impossible" essay, for example), I get swept up by his great gift, and am ready to move the family to the woods to avoid the end of the world.
Bhattacharya didn't really say that 'What is postmodernism?' was a great question."
What better way to validate a great man than to quote another great man calling him a great man?
The most spectacular temple of the western group is Kandariya-Mahadeva, with three domes culminating in the great 30-m- (98-ft-) high sikhara, composed of row upon row of 84 other, smaller sikharas.
In the section headed The House we find Iron the lace with great care, Mangle all these clothes, We need charcoal for the iron today, I want you to buy four sheep's tongues , and--how colonial-- I want also two cucumbers, for afternoon tea!
"This is great news for the millions of Americans who are not getting enough physical activity," says Dr. Claude Lenfant.
A re-creation of a medieval knights’ jousting tournament, it’s great fun for families.
Senator Albert Gore, Sr. will no doubt take great comfort in learning from a NYT correction (of an article about Clark Clifford's memorial service) that he is not "late," but actually 90 years old and living in Carthage, Tennessee.
One sidetrip in Manitoba touches on another Canadian adventure, up to Churchill on Hudson Bay, the center of the great fur trading company’s northern activities.
In the late 19th century the growth of modern Jerusalem was so great that the Ottoman monarch in 1887, Sultan Abdul Hamid II, decided to open a New Gate in the city walls just east of Zahal Square to serve the new neighborhoods to the west.
We hear a lot of musical quotations--from Igor Stravinsky's Rite of Spring to Leonard Bernstein's Candide to Bob Dylan and Duke Ellington--that bounce around a theme from the "Ricercare" of Bach's Musical Offering . Images that would work well on album covers fly by on big screens --the moon, a baby, the great red spot of Jupiter.
A really great guy is not going to react with anything but understanding.
Does the modern reader really lack the great “erudition” necessary to be able to understand a few old English words and forms--What about “My country 'tis of thee”?
The Mogao Caves, hewn from a desert cliffside, tell the story of the great flowering of Buddhist art in China.
1529–1599) also reported that before the Spaniards arrived, “many times and many nights was heard the voice of a woman who cried out in a loud voice, drowning herself with her tears, and with great sobs and sighs, wailing” (Horcasitas and Butterworth, 209).
When the absolute value of D is great, the association efficiency tends to be high; however, many SNP pairs also have high association efficiency even when the absolute value of D is low.
Though part of the Portuguese empire since the great expedition teams of the 15th century claimed it for King João I, Madeira is nearer to Africa than Lisbon.
Either way, great benefits.
Grant, the great general, turned out a political and administrative booby.
LSC values the judgments of designated state planning bodies that have addressed the question and will normally give great weight to those judgments that have been developed through an inclusive, thoughtful, and client-centered process.
Although the SEC has the authority to issue certain accounting/reporting and auditing standards for public companies, it has historically relied to a great extent on certain selfregulatory bodies to help maintain trust and confidence in our nation's capital markets.
We had a great day.
This scenario owes a great deal to John D. Rockefeller Sr. (1839-1937), sire of the Standard Oil monopoly, patron saint of the modern corporation and, in his time, the most detested man in the United States.
After reading her great letters to the critic Edmund Wilson, I cracked out the Wilson-Nabokov correspondence.
The history of Clean Air Act legislation is one of great accomplishments made possible by bipartisan efforts.
It is said that the great Renaissance artist originally planned the statue to adorn his own grave.
It is attributed to King Pratap Malla, reputed to be a great linguist.
This would be great for the country but tough on "News Quiz," already perilously low on favorite targets.
There's this really awful experience that some teachers know--not great teachers, but ordinary teachers, or at least teachers who have not taught well.
Then a jade necklace someone's great aunt had brought back from China--$35,000!
To commiserate against so great and gaping an injustice presents itself as a course of action perhaps less unwise than others.
Salinger's great classic The Catcher in the Rye is about an adolescent and has visceral appeal to adolescents of all ages.
One cannot successfully run a great newspaper like the Los Angeles Times with executives in the top two positions, both of whom have no newspaper experience at any level.
The last major one, in 1956, inflicted a great deal of damage to the towns on the main island.
Once, at a party or fandango, a woman hid him under her great hooped dress, where he crouched silently until the constable gave up his search of the premises.
Whites find him agreeable for the two reasons that they find any black intellectual agreeable: he makes what he knows about Negroes interesting but not threatening; he knows a great deal of white intellectual stuff, which whites always find amusing and entertaining in a Negro.
Our results suggest that there is a great deal of congruence among DNA sequence data and chromosomal inversion data.
Among the nearly 200 pages of hagiography: 1) letters to Time from Harpo Marx, Salvador Dalí, William Randolph Hearst, and Frank Sinatra ("as usual your information stinks," Frank wrote in 1961); 2) an array of great cover images; 3) Time 's most and least prescient comments (in 1983, a prediction that the paparazzi would kill a member of the royal family, and in 1933, a prediction that Hitler was destined for obscurity); and 4) a list of Time neologisms ("socialite," "televangelist," and "World War II").
And as long as we're asking annoying questions: Where are all the great films of John Cassavetes, most of which have not yet been released on video?
Great strides have been made in cleaning up the pollution that was widely reported in the 1970s and 1980s.
Nonetheless, they are in great peril, and are hiding from that peril.
What interests me about these minority language and dialect matters is why ebonics was perceived as so great a threat when the whole issue arose in late 1996 in Oakland, Calif.
He could present himself and his allies as victorious warriors in the one great successful experience for Islamic militancy in the 1980s: the Afghan jihad against the Soviet occupation.
Defending himself on NBC's Meet the Press , Morris calls his conservative critics "ideologues" and explains "the basic inability of the ideological mind--such as George Will's or Bob Novak's--to comprehend that a great man can sometimes be comically fallible in private."
South Park is a reminder of the great moments from the old Henry Beard/Doug Kenny National Lampoon , where the audacity and smarts still leave you tearing up helplessly when you try to explain what you love about the work months later.
Guilin was settled more than 2,000 years ago when the Ling canal was built, effectively linking the great Yangzi and Pearl rivers.
He had been a likable boy, but I put no great stock in his professionalism or objectivity.
Since Michael Dell has been a great manager and has made billions of dollars, corporations have imagined that he's been a great manager because he's made billions of dollars.
He was reading a great deal, trying to establish his literary ancestry and ascertain precisely the kind of writer he could be.
"This is a great thing she has done for me in this world," she said as tears welled up in her eyes. "
Unfortunately one of Herb's all-time great pieces of parody, written for the Wall Street Journal , on whose Board of Contributors he sat for more than two decades, is not available on the Web.
The only Salter novel I've read is Light Years , which I thought was just great.
More importantly, I remember that professors like Dr. Gass and Dr. Cook also taught us to persevere in the face of occasional failures and instilled in us the confidence to tackle complicated-sounding subjects -- subjects which might be difficult to learn, but which could yield great rewards.
A diamond bracelet mocks all the sables that wither and rot, the cars that rust, the champagne gone flat, and the claret turned vinegar, even the crumbling great houses and the faded great paintings--painstaking creations now fatally ripped, soaked, or burned.
To keep the gods happy, the people offered sacrifices at their great pyramid temples.
This area is great for people-watching, but to eat here it helps to have a generous expense account.
I think Rudy's a great mayor, by the way, and a city probably needs a Fascist to run it, etc.
Even though the Antichrist will not be Jewish, Jews are still capable of great evil and have often been punished for their evil, LaHaye explained.
The second is to ask if you have any great retorts for these morons?
To return to the "" discussion, my favorite response is "I'm told I'm great!"
The Matisse-Picasso rivalry is more than just the great artistic competition of the 20 th century.
The fair of Llucmajor, the second Sunday in October, is a great place to find excellent examples.
He crippled Gore's chances of defeating Bush--who as a Republican is destined to lead America into its next recession or depression, as the GOP always does--and he squandered two years of economic expansion during which really great programs might have been enacted while we had the cash lying around.
In the great scheme of things, of course, both Bradley and Gore have sufficiently high LCV ratings that one really shouldn't call into question either candidate's commitment to environmental protection.
is embraced by a great majority in Congress," he went on.
The spectacular focus of student activity is the great mall of the Academic Quadrangle.
Being very new to this country and having, so far, only encountered school English, she found it difficult to believe that dialectal variation could be so great in such a tight little island as ours, and that so much of it could be unintelligible to the uninitiated.
The great tower, however, survived.
There are still a great many factory outlet stores with reasonable prices.
Even Yogi Berra, a Hall of Famer, was never the great hero of the Yankees--he labored in the shadow of greater stars like Mickey Mantle and Whitey Ford.
A great book on her subject, rather than a good one, might have found a way to propose an economic ideal that would not lead as inexorably into a social nightmare as Schor's seems to.
If you disagree--then compare Martha Stewart Living with Architectural Digest . If the great unwashed wish to serve beer in bottles and an open bag of chips and Velveeta on triskits on the picnic table out back, as opposed to Martha-inspired delicacies-crudités and margaritas, so what?
The highest peak on La Gomera, Alto de Garajonay is 1,487 m (4,878 ft) — this is no great height by Canaries standards, yet the island often gives the impression of being a fearsome maze of eerie crags.
It’s also a great place for small restaurants and bars.
The structure is especially imposing once you’ve slipped off your shoes and entered the great cool interior.
Critics' spin: In either case, it's a great film.
The great movement of Americans during the 20 th century has been from the countryside and small cities into big metropolitan areas.
Things which grow wild here, must be cultivated with great care in Scotland.
With the talent of impresario Rudolf Bing, it was a great success and rapidly became one of the premier festivals of its kind in the world.
Without actually viewing them, Chatterbox can't comment on whether or not these are great paintings, but we are prepared to judge these works by their titles:
“Alex,” as the huge square is known, was once the undisputed heart of pre-war Berlin, and its vibrancy was celebrated in Alfred Döblin’s great 1929 novel Berlin Alexanderplatz, later filmed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder.
El Mundo called Kohl a great statesman to whom Spain is grateful for his support of its entry into the European Union.
The phrase a number of is one of several that are commonly used, at least in American English, with reference to indefinite numbers, each of which has a slightly different significance: a few, several, a great many, numerous , etc.
Democracy has done a great deal for all those who have experienced it, but democracy alone is not enough.
Sharm El Sheikh and Hurghada are the largest resorts, well-equipped with hotels and eateries, with a full range of facilities such as windsurfing, water-skiing, and water rides: Dahab and Nuweiba on the west coast of the Sinai are smaller, with a hardened diving or windsurfing crowd — great for a low key vacation.
A decade ago, when the contras and Sandinistas were willing proxies for the final great showdown of the Cold War, a Daniel Ortega press conference could easily draw 100 foreign reporters--double that if he had a captured American spy or some other bauble to show off.
And in that sense, I suppose, the suit is already a great success.
Approximately 40 million people in the United States experience chronic tinnitus; 10 million of these people consider their tinnitus to be a significant problem [ 1 ] . Hazell [ 2 ] reported that 17% of the population in the United Kingdom has chronic tinnitus, but only 14% of those people experiencing tinnitus said that it bothers them a great deal.
The fictional VWPC and its enabling software "Hypnotizer" look a great deal like the real-life Network Computer and Java.
It’s great fun helping the keepers open the locks.
Reporters love her because she's a great source for GOP gossip.
A recent editorial in the National Post of Canada, a conservative daily, assumed that this was the case and said it "would elevate historic sentiment over legality, creating in the process a chaotic precedent for dispersing the world's great archaeological collections."
What I want is great solace and a little love, that's all I want."
Some studies claimed that HER-2 / neu status was an independent predictive factor in the case of breast cancer, whereas other studies could not confirm this [ 6 14 16 19 29 30 ] . It is certainly of great interest to the clinician that only two out of five studies including more than 100 patients and with a follow-up period of at least 3 years attributed some prognostic value to HER-2 / neu amplification among patients with NNBC [ 6 7 16 19 28 ] . Almost all of the studies that dealt with HER-2 / neu status and DFS, as well as OS, showed no benefit of this oncogene in the prognosis of NNBC patients.
Generations of Britons have reveled in scatological humor; poop features quite prominently in some of their great literature, even.
I'm asking because I wonder if this year's highlights, wildly disparate as they are (from the slickly commercial Toy Story 2 to the uncompromising Boys Don't Cry ) don't have some concerns in common--the way, looking back, we can see that some of the great early-'70s films took messed-up, naive, hypocritical America as a theme.
One may travel in a break “a car of which the rear can be opened to load goods” or in an airliner affected by the jet-stremon which is “found at a great height in the stratosphere,” presumably by members of jetsociety “a group of socially prominent personalities.”
The OED reports that quantum (from the Latin quantus: how much, how great) has been used in English since early in the 17th century.
They sailed upon the river port of Silves and, ignoring conditional offers of surrender, slew all the inhabitants (at no small loss to themselves) and pillaged the great treasures of the city.
(President Heston has already employed that godly bass to great effect.
Throughout, Herrnstein and Murray consistently present themselves as fair- (or even liberal-) minded technicians who have, with great caution, followed the evidence where it leads--which, unfortunately, is to a few unassailable if unpleasant scientific truths that it is their reluctant duty to report.
Actually, they've been doing a great job--it's the rotten telephone companies that have been lollygagging.
Each courtship begins with the great man sending charming but oddly formal notes to his beloved or having his secretary call to determine the time, place, and sometimes the precise length of their meeting.
The effect is that of a hushed chapel, and on the altar is this gorgeous riddle of a painting, with its tilted plate of ripe pears, its pendulous eggplants, its great blue-black bedspread draped across the lower half of the painting, and its round, wicker-wound ginger jar, carefully placed in the middle.
Twenty of 32 historians surveyed judged Nixon's presidency a 'failure'; none called it 'great.
"Our parents learnt from the great depression, made deeper and more lethal by rising trade barriers from which came the twin tyrannies of our age, fascism and Marxism, thus war; hot and cold.
In early August the resorts on the lakeshore sponsor the dramatic Torii Matsuri festival, when a great wooden arch is set alight and a thousand burning lanterns are sent floating out across the water.
Master, who runs a naming company called Master-McNeil (great name!)
Back when the natural sciences, philosophy, and theology were one great intellectual hodgepodge, proving the existence of God was a relatively commonplace exercise.
If I could speak to them, I would tell them they can see a great deal of God in the trees and stars and streams that He created.
The following summer another of his customers, who owns one of France's great first-growth vineyards, invited him to Bordeaux, and it was there that Mitchell decided on the career in fine food that would eventually lead him to re-establish Browne Trading, the family business that, for generations, had been selling caviar, fish, and other seafood from the mouth of the Kennebec.
It’s a great place for children to run wild or explore in the undergrowth.
He has devised a neat bit of business for the great Max Wright, whose speech about impersonating "the horned moon" is now a hasty impromptu.
At last visit, the cathedral was undergoing a massive restoration project, both inside and out, as it has since it was attacked by the English and later damaged by the great earthquake.
All in all, a great stop for the Hughesophile and the devotee of American art and culture.
But it's more likely that Dell has been a great manager because he's been running a company that is, in some important sense, his.
For that reason and because English is closely related to French (lexically anyhow, having borrowed a great portion of its vocabulary from French), the title can be left in the original as a title in Danish or Polish could not be.
She was not a woman of great foresight about public events.
Its rise to prominence in the 17th and 18th centuries was accompanied by Italy’s first coherent urban planning; classical and Baroque palaces and monuments give its main streets and squares a great dignity and panache augmented by the city’s economic prosperity.
Later excavations revealed an 11th-century bathing pool on the terrace in front of the cave, with fountains in the shape of seven nymphs representing India’s great rivers.
They lived in thatched houses, hunted and farmed, and worked ceramics and textiles with great skill.
But for a variety of reasons, including caching, IP addresses aren't a great way of counting individual visitors.
prevailing winds) that haven't changed a great deal in the last 10-20 years.
U.S. officials certainly exaggerated the competence of the Soviet military during the Cold War, but it was still a great force: 6 million men under arms, a 3-to-1 tank advantage, a 2-to-1 aircraft advantage.
The great disappointment of the Bradley campaign has been the incessant use of basketball terminology by political reporters.
2) The book "is patchwork, a grab bag of speeches he gave, the great and the near-great he met, causes he could not refuse to get involved in, conferences he helped to organize, ideological battles he fought" instead of a linear narrative (Lehmann-Haupt).
) For this, Clark reaps billions once the IPO takes place (as it inevitably does), and gets to be viewed as great Silicon Valley visionary.
But with all the new-fangled razzmatazz, the museum hasn’t forgotten the charm of mint-condition antique cars and, above all, old train engines — behemoths from the great era of steam that truly “made” Canada.
In the crypt, you’ll find the tomb of Andrea Doria, great 16th-century admiral who took Genoa into the Spanish camp against the French and became the city’s virtual dictator.
So those who feel a great need to smoke go down to the sidewalk.
The Romans called it Portus Magnus (great port), which the Ibicencos adapted to Portmany.
“Kid” Ory played great jazz trombone.
These are indeed great films: powerful, handsome, strikingly edited.
After Currie's lawyer issued this statement, Clinton himself employed the Strong/Weak trick to great effect, saying he was "pleased that Ms. Currie's lawyers stated unambiguously this morning--unambiguously--that she's not aware of any unethical conduct."
And I bet kids are turning to other great books while they wait for the next installment.
The answer, I suspect, is "with great difficulty."
(David O. Russell made his great Spanking The Monkey on "short ends" snatched up by his wife, Janet Grillo, then a New Line executive.)
The Economist anoints a populist economic reformer named Boris Nemstov as Russia's great political hope.
It's why he's a great story and a great troublemaker.
A great deal of intellectual effort goes into this competition, but violence or heroism?
There are great economies of scale.
Some of the most spectacular examples of the genre, which got its name in 17 th -century Holland, depict great mounds of fruit and fabric that fool the eye ( trompe l'oeil ) so completely that we can practically smell them and feel them.
: Why Democracy Matters in Foreign Policy . "No one is going to make his career as a great foreign policy senator."
But in assembling News Quiz, the persistent problem is not trivializing the great events of the day (although that is an enduring tradition both for us and NBC News) but neglecting them.
I am the great Shopping Avenger, who hath descended to Earth from the planet Galleria in a nuclear-fueled Chrysler Town & Country minivan (base price: $27,385, left sliding door standard in most models) to save you from the dark forces of turbo-charged capitalism and shoddy customer service.
John Ray, the great English biologist and pioneer lexicographer, author of Collection of English Proverbs (first edition 1670, second edition 1678) and Collection of English Words (first edition 1673, second edition 1691), suffered severely from an ulcerative disease of his legs.
.. is that a great many people will consult it in vain for information about their own names.”
Although orca can mean a `dice box' (or a `little barrel'), it also means a `kind of whale, the great killer,' perhaps derived from Orcus . Surely it was in this sense that Linnaeus used it.
According to a chronology of significant literary works, only one important book was published in the 1520s, John Skelton's The Garlande of Laurell , in which the author allegorically enthrones himself among the great poets of the world.
Many Spaniards left the region, and the great migration of thousands of Anglo American gold seekers took place, so the Spanish culture and language could not survive in California as it did in Texas and New Mexico.
Ancient Egypt’s complicated annals are filled with massive communal building projects and great individuals traced through many millennia.
Like Golden Week in April–May, this is a great time to avoid Japan unless you relish competing for every train seat and hotel bed with millions of others.
The number of excellent restaurants and entertainment outlets makes this a great place for an all-day, one-stop spending spree.
Even if you can’t be in Puri for the tremendous Rath Yatra Festival in June/July, the town is worth a visit just to see a community devoted almost entirely to the “industry” of its great Temple of Jaggannath, either directly or by trading with the pilgrims.
You will also find an extensive collection of drawings by Picasso and, one of the museum’s great joys, the Degas bronzes.
Spanish internal affairs became the concern of other great powers after Charles II died in 1700 without heirs.
A district known as the Baixa (Lower City) — the low-lying area between hills on either side — was devastated by the great earthquake of 1755.
Southeast of Lanzhou, requiring an overnight visit, is one of the most celebrated of the great Buddhist grottoes, the Maijishan Caves (Maijishan Shiku), dating back to the fourth century.
We are all familiar with the naming process, whether it be with the great relief at hearing the doctor say “muscular strain” instead of “rheumatoid arthritis” as he examines the x-rays, with the Sunday supplement newspaper article summing up (for the umpteenth time) the latest new words and acronyms, with nothing with amusement, admiration, or consternation what some people name their children, and with scores of other instances we encounter daily.
What a great great line!
A great deal of money is being spent on cost studies, but when the budget for these studies is
Some very distinguished historians have experimented with doing so in recent years, some with great success.
One of China’s great artistic wonders, rated on par with the Mogao Caves on the Silk Road in Dunhuang, is the Buddhist sculptural treasure of Dazu.
Tomb artifacts give us a great deal of information about daily life in Egypt.
The pop works still look great, but their implicit text is no longer news, having filtered down to the pure stimulus-response of all those Lethal Weapons . Ballard's novel goes further, forcing the reader to acknowledge complicity--every consumer a pervert.
Scientific proofs that contradict biblical stories of the great flood or creation are wrong and have been derived through erroneous means.
Importantly, the great majority of TM channel formation occurs during an 8 to 10 day period surrounding P10 to P18.
For example, you had a great feature on a real estate agent.
Edinburgh watches over many of Scotland’s national treasures with great pride.
His personality is appealingly provocative--the Mini-Me bit is great, as are a couple of moments in his profile in Talk (apparently he once grabbed a rival by the collar, drew him close, and yelled, "If you want to fuck me you'll have to kiss me first!").
When I left her at her building she thanked me, but I said that it was I who had to thank her, because she had given me the great feeling of being needed.
You can also take a look behind the scenes and learn about techniques that are used to create film’s great illusions.
Baris is a vehicle for groups of young male dancers to display their command of technique, conveying a great range of emotions.
They appraise poor films as good and fair films as great.
Book-club founder Oprah Winfrey wins even more encomiums for bringing "great art to the mainstream" (Caryn James, the New York Times ). Critics praise Winfrey for producing a miniseries based on Harlem Renaissance veteran Dorothy West's novel about an interracial relationship in the 1950s.
But what great coffee!
I haven't heard that he's not running, so I suppose I have to assume he isn't not running, which would be a shame since he was such a great non-candidate ...
You can buy sheets, linens, and furniture now in the great granite temple on Grant Avenue that was once the headquarters of Security Pacific National Bank.
.A huge dark zawn, its great cliffs reddish black and overhanging.
The caption is: "Now we are asked to believe that Betty Currie tried to get Monica Lewinsky a job because they were actually great friends."
The great majority of L1 sequences had an intact 3' end, and we observed no clear trend of premature 3' ends that correspond to A-rich tracts in the L1 sequence.
"The Lewinsky Affair" fits in with the American tradition of naming scandals after unlucky people or objects, and it sounds great in French.
Ride in a horse-drawn carriage along the Corniche next to the Nile at Luxor or Aswan — this high vantage point gives children a great view of what’s happening.
Development of PPAR agonists that retain the antiatherogenic activity but dismiss the proatherogenic activities will be of great value [ 26 ] .
And even before he became president, in a speech in 1916, Harding had said, "In the great fulfillment we must have a citizenship less concerned about what the government can do for it and more anxious about what it can do for the nation."
The great women's federations of the early 20 th century were champions of local, state, and federal regulations, services, and benefits for mothers and children.
This sets the mood for most of the day: Vegas is great, so you'd better leave it alone!
The 16th-century Castillo de San Gabriel, situated close to the center of town, houses a small museum of no great standing.
So before I wax too maudlin, let me just say, Jodi, that you've been a great morning pen pal.
One of the great advantages to Canada’s vast size is that, apart from a couple of major tourist attractions such as Niagara Falls, it’s never overcrowded.
From its grassy knolls, enjoy the fine view back over the Colosseum or southward over the great Circus Maximus, where chariot races were held for crowds of up to 200,000.
For example, Mr. Chabot stated "Congress certainly does look at the statistics that we are provided, and we expect those statistics to be accurate when we are determining what programs are going to be funded and at what levels, so we expect those numbers to be accurate, and when they're not it disturbs us a great deal, as it should."
In the old Cooperage across the road from the Museum are the Craft Centre and the Arts Centre, both great places to search for a Bermudian souvenir.
But yes, I am ready to say this, with great care: I will show you the draft of that chapter.
Chandler was indeed a heroic publisher--the Times was a mediocre paper when he took it over, a great one when he stepped down--and it would be wonderful if he were reinstated or allowed a say about the paper's fate.
The committee is run by Herbert Stein, a former chairman of the president's Council of Economic Advisers best-known now for his witty columns in the Wall Street Journal . We have great hopes for e-mail as a medium of debate that can combine the immediacy of talk-television with the intellectual discipline of the written word.
He sat for hours in front of the television watching videos of Romeo and Juliet or Les Sylphides or Tosca . He lived to go to the Kennedy Center to see great ballet or opera, and he talked of it endlessly.
In short, in high performance clothing, fake is great.
A gun crew was a skilled unit of, usually, more than ten men who spent a great deal of time practising loading, aiming, and firing their piece.
In short, nothing in the stories alleviates a creeping suspicion that this disease, while of great concern to newspaper editors with summer places in Connecticut and children at Camp Heapumwampum, is hardly on a par with say, rat bites, lead-paint poisoning, and malnutrition suffered by inner-city kids.
Locating clusters of illness should have great utility for identifying and remedying localized disease sources; these might be locations, such as day care facilities, where infection is transmitted person to person, or areas in which there are environmental sources of infection, such as a contaminated water supply.
5) Marilyn Manson canceled the rest of his U.S. tour, explaining that there's "not a great atmosphere" for his music after the shootings.
Newsweek sings the praises of Michelle Kwan, "America's next great figure-skating queen."
A key to the relative success Clinton achieved in his grand jury appearance is noted by the LAT : unlike ordinary witnesses, Clinton was frequently allowed by the prosecutors to go on at great length without directly responding to questions.
Which brings to mind a line from Fay Weldon's 1989 novel, The Cloning of Joanna May . "These days scientists talk a great deal more about God than does the rest of the world," she writes.
Susan Faludi's book has two great strengths.
The Old Market Square Warehouse District, as it’s now known, boasts many fine office buildings and warehouses inspired by the great Chicago School, including the Canadian West’s first skyscraper, the 1903 Royal Tower (504 Main).
On the arts side, there are videotapes of great performances of great operas.
The plot is labyrinthine and the body count high, but critics agree that the film is "dark, dangerous, and a great deal of wicked, amoral fun" (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ). Many compare Ritchie's style to Quentin Tarantino's.
That’s not a terribly appetizing thought, but the restaurant just beyond the castle, also called “El Morro,” has gorgeous views of the sea and some of Santiago’s finest food; it’s a great place to get out of the intense sun.
Even then, he wasn't exactly a household name--and, if you beg to differ, chances are your household's mixing him up with Robert Merrill, the great Metropolitan Opera baritone who appeared around the same time.
Its golden era was between the mid-8th and very early 11th centuries when it was the center of the great medieval Caliphate of Córdoba.
It will be up to his future biographers to judge this great failure of statesmanship."
Thus, it is not surprising that a great deal of computer jargon is a quick way to say otherwise complicated things.
This area bordering the eastern side of the common is filled with historical imprints and some of the city’s major architectural highlights, which are great when viewed from the harbor (see page 43).
He struck an instant pose as the Web's troubadour and great defender, simultaneously promoting it to outsiders and protecting it from arrivistes like Slate, which launched five months later.
Thanks for a great read.
But now if they should speak, If on a sudden they should speak again, If on the stroke of noon a voice should speak, We would not listen, we would not let it bring That old bad world that swallowed its children quick At one great gulp.
How the school system became the great selector, even though it selects people on the basis of talents that are not directly related to many important social roles, is a mystery to me.
Natural disaster is all they think about--it's their guiding legend, muse, and inspiration, as well as a great way to avoid thinking about race and class.
Ulrich von Ensingen — the master builder of the great cathedral of Ulm — began construction of the octagon of the north tower in 1399.
It has a fine central portal with reliefs of Old Testament scenes on its pilasters sculpted with great dignity and power by Siena-born master Jacopo della Quercia.
A great black comedy should be palatable but hard to digest, slipping easily down the gullet and then sticking in the gut.
TV Marti journalists say the job would be great if not for one thing: Since Fidel Castro blocks reception in Cuba, very nearly no one is watching.
This was termed as giving cala-bazas (squash or pumpkin) and was a great insult to the wooer.
This massive steel suspension bridge stages the most magnificent traffic jams; it is a great place to gauge the Bengali temperament.
It's a great story, the kind the Olympics used to give us all the time.
Again and again in his writings, Bettelheim insisted that the daunting task of "inner integration" was a developmental ordeal that could be mastered with great struggle, and with the support of good stories.
And she'll look great on a medallion, boxers, or briefs.
Although it is usually attributed to the great master Soami, nobody knows for sure who created it — or why.
Indeed, a great, unfinished work can be more fascinating than a finished one because of the way the reader is drawn into the artistic process.
Although most of the public debate over that agreement focused on alleged job losses or gains (Ross Perot's "great sucking sound" vs. the administration's claim that NAFTA would create hundreds of thousands of jobs), believed that the net effect on employment would be zero.
Vaccine is indicated for patients at high risk of complications, and that risk applies just as much to ILI, which presumably account for the great majority of events among vaccinated persons.
He writes, "Receiving the Challenger Scholarship was a great honor and continues to be a source of inspiration to me as I work toward my doctorate degree.
Those guys need to be a great deal cuter to get away with such horrible lyric writing.
But they look great.
Although the original studies received a great deal of attention and are widely accepted, the serious problems with them have not been discussed in the media.
The implications here are stupendous--not just that there are types of intimate wig other than merkins, but also that there are several other merkin-factories round the world vying for the honor of most important firm, and a great many more such factories that are of lesser importance.
One of the great joys of the south is the extent to which it is still virgin land for the majority of Italy’s visitors.
On the Web you can buy words--isn't that great?
Currently, teams in small television markets can't afford to pay great players and thus can't compete.
Our daughter, who has great character and legendary intelligence, was a bit dense this evening and instead of describing the wines' aromas offered blunt descriptors such as "I don't like it."
Writing these "reviews," in quick succession without the benefit of endless editing and rewriting, which is how I normally work (yes, Virginia, those "readable" books are the result of great effort), has brought home to me one quality of this sort of communication--it is really more like a street-corner conversation than anything else.
President Clinton is quoted saying the development was "great news," but House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt is quoted saying, "This was a retreat not a conversion.
The editorial laments that the treaty's "misguided" fiscal targets have harmed the "great opportunity that the single currency might have been" and argues that they should be revised immediately.
Seagal's a braggart; most great fighters are quietly arrogant.
The Boston Symphony was honed and polished by the Russian exile Serge Koussevitsky, who conducted 100 concerts a year for 25 years until 1949 and was midwife to the creation of great works by Stravinsky, Schoenberg, and Copland.
Hounds Ditch is supposed to have been a great pit where hunting dogs, kenneled in the area, were thrown when dead.
Lind means to debunk "minimal realism," the argument that the United States should do only those things in the world that it really has to do, because the great evils it must avoid are overextension and overcommitment.
One explanation for why GFP can be used for internal insertion is that the N- and C-termini of GFP exit the structure quite close to one another and are unlikely to displace the surrounding domains of the target protein a great deal.
Garb matters a great deal to her, as it did to Evita, and it matters twice as much when they are brought together.
I thought (and still think) that one of the great strengths of Larry's book is the way in which he integrates nice examples from physical space with those from cyberspace.
With his latest one-man show, actor John Leguizamo is said to join the ranks of great such comic performers as Richard Pryor and Lily Tomlin.
Under the headline "The Return of Super Bill," commentator Gabriele Romagnoli wrote, "Caesar climbed the steps of the Capitol, entered the hall of his judges, looked everyone in the face (including a few Brutuses), and then, great showman that he is, smiled; and in a 77 minute one man show he conquered the theatre (98 ovations) and the public (6 percent rise in his popularity)."
These are interesting sorts of stories, but one has to wonder if there isn't another reason why they are staples of the big dailies: to help justify having reporters stationed in France, which although a great place to live, produces virtually no real news.
Biographer Robert D. Richardson Jr. contends that by literally confronting death (ghoulish as it seems), Emerson was able to pull out of his funk and get back to the business of becoming a great American philosopher.
They also populate a related show at the Pierpont Morgan Library, "Tiepolo and His Circle: Drawings in American Collections," which showcases some of Domenico's great studies of animals (Punchinello with an elephant, Punchinello riding a donkey).
Details of the gunman's actions vary among the three papers--all describe a scene of great terror and confusion.
Years of painting among the native peoples and studying with French Post-Impressionists produced a unique style of vigorous, expressive landscapes and totemic themes achieved with great sweeps and swirls of bold color.
Pamela Harriman , the U.S. ambassador to France, legendary Democratic Party financier, and serial wife and lover to great men of the 20 th century, died of a brain hemorrhage at 76.
The Chinese are also great admirers of key aspects of the Japanese development model.
They established a synagogue in 1163 and maintained a community until the great flood of 1852.
I remember, though, that many years ago the great Fowler declared that the non-Scots use of ilk is merely an example of Worn-out Humour.
For that amount the commissioners purchased the great stained glass windows by John LaFarge, Edward Burne-Jones, and William Morris in addition to the building itself.
3) The great beneficiaries of the deal, of course, are the people who owned Time Warner shares on Friday.
"[T]hese two great comics are poorly served by the picture's ...
And what better place to locate this new enterprise than Brussels, which may be a living preview of the Europe to come: swathed in red tape and pomp, paralyzed by constituency politics, declining at great cost.
The anomaly of this prodigal use of language that would once have been generally regarded as unacceptably obscene is that, even today, it in no way coincides with the usage of the great majority of the audience--any more than did the excessive puritanism of the old production code.
But they in turn were ousted in a.d. 645 by Nakatomi Kamatari, founder of the great Fujiwara clan, which was to rule Japanese affairs for hundreds of years and provide prominent advisers to the emperor even up to the 19th century.
Writing in Slate last year, Alex Ross called Time Out of Mind "the first great rock album of old age" in part because Dylan manages to sing around his weak voice.
Besides, the great difficulty encountered in finding checks occurs when they were not enclosed to begin with (or arrive unsigned).
A great king of this line, Amsuvarna (609–621), married his daughter Bhrikuti to the ruler of Tibet, Srongtsen Gampo.
Palestinians comprise one of the most educated and cosmopolitan populations in the Middle East, and within the Old City — in the bazaars and neighborhood enclaves that surround the great Christian and Islamic holy sites — an intimate and very traditional urban style of life is maintained, filled with the courtesy and caring found in communities where there are no strangers.
Tools and ceremonial objects were found just where they were dropped at the time of the great cataclysm along with the crystal rhyton on view in the Iráklion Museum and a chest containing hundreds of clay tablets inscribed with the Linear A script; archaeologists even discovered an urn with olives preserved though the millennia.
Not just dialect words, but a great many of the so-called “residue” words in standard speech have conflicting etymologies.
This is Museum Het Rembrandthuis (Rembrandt’s House), and was home to the great artist from 1639 to1660.
Today, a reinforced-concrete replica reproduces only the great five-storied tower, 42 m (138 ft) high, surrounded by moats and ivy-covered ramparts.
He still doesn't know a lot about computers but, to our great delight, he's really got into some of the technical possibilities of publishing on the Web--and into some of the limitations as well.
3 trillion, then you're in great shape.
He noted that there is an R-01 interactive project that allows for great collaboration across disciplines.
He didn't give them great size or physical power--you don't see too many Jews in the NFL--but he gave them great minds."
(For the great art museum in the Villa Borghese park behind the Pincio, see page 66. )
A diamond bracelet mocks all the sables that wither and rot, the cars that rust, the champagne gone flat, and the claret turned vinegar, even the crumbling great houses and the faded great paintings--painstaking creations now fatally ripped, soaked, or burned.
There is nothing controversial or subtle, however, about a great many of the embolic infarctions that occur during vein graft or carotid interventions.
One year later, they must admit they were wrong: the euro exists, it has established itself as one of the world's great currencies and, better still, it has kept most of its promises."
With the death in 1389 of King Hayam Wurukin, its last great ruler, the empire of Majapahit began to decline.
Then, with a great deal of laughter, we recollected that four such books had already been written, attributed to the writers known as Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.
It will not surprise you, I'm sure, that I have never been a great admirer of Ronald Reagan, although it may surprise you that I feel, as you do, that he is one of the most important presidents of the 20 th century and that he displayed a certain genius for leadership that, whatever his other limitations, helped make his presidency enormously successful and influential.
He was placed in a zoo for safekeeping when the regiment went on to France, and in this period Winnie became a great favorite with the English zoo-going public.
It’s also perfectly acceptable to ask the dealer for advice on how to play your hand (and a great way to learn).
Indeed, in a recent phase II clinical trial, 9% of MS patients given an altered peptide ligand (APL) of a myelin basic protein epitope developed immediate hypersensitivity reactions after multiple injections of the APL [ 29 ] . Thus, it would appear that great care must be taken when injecting preparations of putative "tolerogens" in attempts to suppress T H 1-mediated autoimmune diseases.
The distribution of values is symmetrical about the mean (Figure 3) with the great majority of strain pairs falling in the range of 30-70% similarity.
Huge sections of their daily lives (and particularly why they came to abandon their cities) are still shrouded in mystery, but great strides have been made in deciphering their hieroglyphs and stelae (inscribed stone pillars).
In addition, we will have soft drinks and a raffle, so that you can walk home with a great prize!
An essay argues that immigration is not the great economic boon its advocates claim, because virtually all economic benefits go to the immigrants themselves, not to native-born Americans.
Even some of his most ardent supporters concede that he's the Quentin Tarantino of cartooning, a guy with one great book in him."
From which you may conclude either that Slate is a horrible place to work, or that Microsoft is a great place to work.
The chief virtue of the book is that it presents a great deal of information about word origins in highly readable form.
His later discovery of the New World brought prosperity to the Madeiran economy: the island’s strategic location on the great East-West trading route meant that ships anchored and took on food, water, and the valuable trading commodity of Madeira wine.
For now and perhaps the generation to come, the great spires are marred by ever-present scaffolding and cranes.
Hillary needs a great popular novel to do her justice.
As president, I will pander to every special interest in this great country."
Someone will have a great incentive to sell speedy access, as free access becomes slower, and find a way to do it.
The 18 th -century rococo scenes that Renoir learned to execute with great skill, dancers and performers and picnics in the country, were a major influence on his later work.
Key executives negotiating from outside the company they are considering joining usually have a great deal of leverage.
The great production designer Rick Heinrichs has built an 18 th -century village from the ground up.
Phylogenetic incongruities that involve such analogs can pose great difficulties in distinguishing LGT from vertical progressions of differential analog losses in different lineages.
And, adds the LAT , the U.S. is bedeviled by Hussein's way of interpreting events--after all, he has told his citizens that the Gulf War was a great triumph for Iraq.
"I also heard a great line while I was doing a radio show in Florida yesterday: Now we know what CIA really stands for--Crack In America."
In previous great exhibitions, this was a less complicated issue.
Como itself is a large factory town famous for its centuries-old silk production, but it has a handsome Gothic-Renaissance cathedral crowned by a superb Baroque dome that was added in 1744 by Turin’s great architect, Filippo Juvarra.
He was a great man but also a jerk; he surrounded himself with suck-ups and expected his daughter to wait on him hand and foot.
O'Neal's Lakers just got blown out of the playoffs by perhaps the most suburban (and ethnically whitest) team in the league, the Utah Jazz--whose black superstar, Karl Malone, is another good citizen and great player who gets dissed by the shoe companies.
They reported that "for a great majority of toxicants, the concentration which will not be acutely toxic to the most sensitive life stages is the chronically safe concentration for fish, and that the most sensitive life stages are the embryos and fry".
The first palatial structures at Knossós, and other great cities such as Phaistós and Mália, were erected around 2000 b.c., but these were destroyed by an earthquake 300 years later.
Since then, history has been through a host of determinisms--economic, demographic, biological, geographic, even meteorological--each meant to relegate the individual psychology of great men to the realm of the contingent.
He does a great job chronicling the early proto-rock, among other things.
The shock was so great she found herself downing too much white wine (this was at lunch) as an antiseptic, since Prudie did not know the gentleman nearly well enough to be familiar with his health history.
Not altogether surprisingly, the drill-words are almost without exception spoken with great clarity, from Bristol to Northumberland and Liverpool to Lowland Scots.
I used to think it would be great if we could all be colorblind.
Piazza San Matteo was the medieval home of the august Doria family, navigators and merchants who helped build the city’s great commercial empire.
In pointing to the way Wall Street now values industrial companies and other traditional businesses, I was trying to show that in fact investors, at least, have a great deal of respect for "the manufacture of useful goods and vital services" and not the "glitter of instant wealth" (Internet fever aside).
I have great respect and admiration for Marshall Loeb (that's not a throwaway line; I really do), but his explanation that he was getting paid by Time , not the advertisers, is kind of funny (see "Culturebox: ").
Which brings me right to this week's great religious and civil-liberties controversy.
These two adjoining squares, together with the small Placeta del Pi to the rear of the church, are the essence of old Barcelona and a great place to while away the hours.
If you like words (and are looking for a great game to play at your next coctail party), this book is definitely for you.
Great movies are fewer and farther between (at least in this writer's opinion--at least for the time being), and these days even the media that employ the critics measure a movie's success not by the critics' reaction but by opening weekend gross.
He got married, at 55, to (as Jeal put it) "a sporting girl whose interest in outdoor comradeship seemed at least as great as her desire for sexual fulfillment," and he even managed to beget three children.
When there's a conflict between a great story and some other factor, the great story almost always carries the day.
The interior of San Salvador is dotted with lakes; there is a great deal of marshy land and only one major road.
Whereas a great deal of genetic variability exists among different tumors from different patients, lesser genetic heterogeneity would be expected in xenografts of cancer cells originally derived from a single patient.
Interiors were decorated with frescoes in the Byzantine tradition; primitive sculpture of biblical episodes or rural life on the capitals of columns; painted altar front panels; carved wooden crosses, and Madonnas of great purity.
(Or was Ford, he of the simmering stare and pained, narrow grin, ever really that great?
The finale, scored with the Pixies' great "Where Is My Mind?"
Collins counsels listeners to embrace a cause before they become candidates, but not because the cause itself matters: The cause is a great way to build a contributor base.
The chairlift is a great favourite.
But look at the whole, and Wind-Up confirms the Norman Mailer principle: The birth of a great journalist is often paralleled by the death of a novelist.
There aren’t as many beavers as in the great days of the fur trade, but still enough to fell a few trees around the resort cottages in the Laurentian Mountains north of Montréal.
It says a great deal about Richard Avedon, and about the civilization he has documented for more than half a century, that he has published a fat volume of pictures of other people and called it An Autobiography . Photography is a relentlessly objective art, ours is a relentlessly subjective age, and Avedon has meticulously organized his art around this paradox.
Margaret Carlson: What a great country.
It’s an atmospheric little house, built from rough-hewn stone; it’s not hard to imagine the great explorer living here.
If on the one hand you have somebody telling you you're a great artist and on the other girls wanting to sleep with you every night, it's hard to stay humble.
Today, the really cool companies that make the Fortune cover with their great family policies, benefits, and security, employ at most about 3 percent of the workforce.
And the available evidence indicates that the risks inherent in pregnancy and childbirth--and in abortion--are at least as great as the risks inherent in Norplant.
Every great city needs a first-rate system of higher education-both public and private-anchored by a first- rate public university.
The second great dietetic discovery was Baked Lay's Potato Chips.
"They faced great odds and a late start, but they did not protest ," Brokaw writes of the GIs, casting another aspersion at the Vietnam generation (italics mine).
Yes, China is an emerging power and, yes, China may be the great American rival of the next century, but Americans have transformed China into an otherworldly nation, a mysterious angel, a baffling demon.
It wasn't bad, The wine jogged my thoughts back to Muscat Ramble . Muscatel is made from muscat grapes, is sometimes called muscat , and, being relatively cheap and sweet and high in alcohol content, is the booze of choice for a great many wines.
It was modeled on one of the great Chinese monasteries of the time and built for a Chinese monk who was said to have interceded with the dreaded Kublai Khan to stop the Mongol invasion of Japan.
The book enters the mind of a dying woman and explores her painkiller-enhanced memories of her one great encounter with love.
In the great dome’s interior rotunda, painter George Southwell’s murals illustrate the four virtues that “made” British Columbia: Courage, as shown by George Vancouver confronting the Spanish at Nootka Sound in 1792; Spirit of Enterprise, with James Douglas establishing Fort Victoria for the Hudson’s Bay Company in 1842; Work, by those who had to build the Fort; and Justice, meted out to the unruly mob engaged in the 1858 gold rush.
Having had the opportunity to sift through so many American place names in a relatively short span, those of us who edited the Omni Gazetteer were particularly struck by the great diversity in American naming practices, and what it suggests about the various eras and cultures that were a part of the settlement of the country.
Luckily for us Caribbeans, humor plays a great part in our daily lives and laughter is generally much more common than a gloomy face.
Over the last five years I have bought one or two new video games a year, ones that seemed so great that they were worth the $50.
But you won't find it so easy to knock this country and its great corporations with the sort of left-wing philosophy best expressed on a bumper sticker when you don't even have a bumper!
But the French soon proved just as great a burden on Italian treasuries, used to support their war effort and the Bonaparte family.
It is also a great way to get free haircuts.
Just before the great battle with the French at Agincourt, Henry V is told that Bardolph, a member of his old gang, has been caught stealing a small statue of Christ from a local church.
It’s an excellent focal point, giving new visitors an easy reference to establish their location; it’s a spectacular vantage point for many of the city’s great landmarks; and its bridges and quays offer history, entertainment, shopping… and exercise.
Cantinflas, the Mexican actor, was the great relajero of all time.
* Readers should know that I used to work and play basketball with her husband, David Shipley, an editor at the New York Times , who is a great guy.
The large amount of information generated from microarrays has been a great strength, but is sometimes seen as a frustrating weakness [ 10].
It must be great to have a vault full of a useless metal that's valuable only because other people think it's valuable and then find out that other people think it's so valuable that if you sell it, the value will disappear."
To some extent this was true, but it was also a bit silly, since before the typewriter there was a great emphasis on people developing uniform, depersonalized handwriting to ensure legibility.
In recent years, great numbers of smart new shopping malls and department stores have sprung up in Berlin, the most exciting of which are in the east of the city.
While his idea of highlighting this area of research holds great merit, operationalization is problematic.
When punk broke in the late '70s, Sinatra was reborn again--this time as Proto-Punk, popular music's first great rebel.
But the most amazing feature of the exhibit was in the lobby: Dozens of TV monitors were stacked to create a giant image of the great man's head as he discoursed on this and that.
The list of less-than-brilliant men judged great by those making this argument usually begins with Ronald Reagan and often includes Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman as well.
The expeditions of Thor Heyerdahl do lend some credence to this idea, and the concept is explored in great detail at the Pyramids of Güímar on Tenerife.
Vintage charts are a great idea because they isolate the most important variable in the making of wine: the year.
But there have still been a ton of great female performances.
It was Albert Brooks who pointed out--when his great Lost in America (1985) received a restricted rating from the MPAA for its use of "fuck" in a "sexual context"--that if a character says "I want to fuck you over this desk," the picture will get an R rating, but if he says, "I want to fuck you over with this desk," it will get a PG-13.
He is one of the great chroniclers of midcentury luridness, but his photographs of men grinning at a dead body on the sidewalk are like those photographs of Southerners milling around after a lynching: They are undeniably riveting, but you don't really want to stop to think about what the photographer was doing there in the first place.
In the end, the Internet turns out to be a great resting place.
