4. Possession of a high school diploma or GED
Originally the temple was on the shore but reclamation projects have now left it high and dry.

Thus, while Silicon Valley’s high rates of job mobility and new-firm formation lead to local losses for individual firms, they also foster a dynamic process of adaptation that spurs the evolution of the region.
Such therapy appears to be cost effective [ 15 16 ] , especially among high risk patients and is recommended under current American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines [ 17 ] . Fourth, it may not be possible to ascertain whether these findings apply to all patients with recent acute coronary syndromes regardless of baseline lipid levels.
I have really high expectations for the night and don't want to be disappointed.
The main reason why channel offset caused by the San Andreas fault is clear is the extremely high rate of displacement along the fault (20.3 mm/year, Brown and Wallace, 1968) and the relatively small size of streams crossing and flowing along the fault.
The fashion at that time was to wear very baggy pants with pegged legs, long jackets with high and sharp shoulder pads, thick-soled shoes, and long watch chains dangling from the belt.
As it turned to the deeper woods, elder giants rose above him: a beech, smooth bark a gray-green pennant hoisted on a slope and standing out between the dark, cracked trunks of the nearer trees; great pines, a few magnificent specimens still bearing the three-stroke symbol of the British King; a towering black birch, leaves impossibly high above him.
Stay in school: Overall unemployment rate for more educated is only 4.3%; with high school no college, 10%; high school dropouts, 15.5%.
One of the most interesting sites in the New Territories is Tai Fu Tai, another rare survivor, this one a mansion that belonged to a Confucian high official.
Your neighborhood is also ready for Time Warner Cable’s Road Runner high speed online service.
The cheetah streaking after the wildebeest, the athletic genius high jumping, have the know-how to do it.
kelly's high school reunion.
For one, it counters the high name recognition of Andrew M. Cuomo, McCall's opponent, by offering voters a straightforward introduction to the candidate, emphasizing his long list of high-level jobs in both the public and private sector.
Third, despite the high risk nature of enrolled patients (ie, electrocardiogram [ECG] changes and/or other objective evidence of ischemia), the rate of platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor utilization was quite low (1.
A plateau is a high form of flattery.
If the benefits are genuinely mutual, projects provide a basis for high commitment from both parties to the short-term employment contract.
My problem with carbon offsets and other voluntary measures is that given the finite amount of money, energy and attention we have to push for the environment, I feel like the opportunity cost of these measures is too high compared to policy-oriented actions, the citizen role that Gore referred.
high on Mt.
Muscatel is made from muscat grapes, is sometimes called muscat , and, being relatively cheap and sweet and high in alcohol content, is the booze of choice for a great many wines.
We do not believe it is reasonable to expect all the control technology installations to be completed in that time frame without very high costs and electricity reliability problems.
However, we feel certain that the diagnostic accuracy of our patient population was high, due to the fact that 5 out of a total of 7 IPF subjects included in our study underwent lung transplantation with confirmatory pathology results consistent with IPF.
Bilbainos refer to the museum as the “artichoke,” which comes close to describing it, if you can imagine a gleaming, metallic artichoke more than two hundred feet high.
You suggest that this is a bad law, that Sonoma County will never be associated with high quality wine in the way Napa County is.
Know your average transaction: Visa/MasterCard has special programs for high and low ticket transactions that can save you money.
The ceiling was high and wooden, and I could see part of a DJ’s booth down the hall.
I keep the thermostat high in the summer and low in the winter.
Every teenager should get a good high school education; even if they already know everything.
And now, growing numbers of dolphins with malignant tumors and high levels of toxic chemicals in their tissues are washing onto U.S. beaches.
Arenn stood high on the cliff, looking down at the smoldering ruins, the smoke blowing into the westward setting sun.
Gourmets award Macau high marks for dependable Chinese cooking with an exotic bonus: Portuguese food and wines.
Stay in school: Overall unemployment rate for more educated is only 4.3%; with high school no college, 10%; high school dropouts, 15.5%.
Now it doesn't matter if you have a college education or even a high school diploma.
Joyce, the high priest of literary Modernism, imagined and interpreted Dublin for the world in Ulysses (you’ll see references to it all over).
Not bad for a guy who was kicked out of high school in 1997 for threatening a teacher.
verage ratios were as high as 40 to 1, meaning for every $40 in assets, there was only $1 in capital to cover losses. Less than a 3% drop in 
Selfconsciencely she ran her hand through her tangled hair, knowing that to the high school world it must look like a cat puked up a hair ball on her head.
Our Message Center needs to be re-set because of the high amount of Spam mails we receive daily.
Several weeks later he was asked — then ordered — to vacate the room to make room for high rollers, whereupon he promptly bought the property and fired the management.
Six large controlled population-based studies of non-smoking older adults have investigated the association between body mass index (BMI) and mortality, controlling for relevant covariates [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 ] . All studies found excess risk for persons with very low BMI, but that persons with moderately high BMI had little or no extra risk except in certain small subsets.
This chemical is in high demand here in UK and i found it very cheap in Asia precisely Malaysia.
The low concentration buffer (A) was 0.08 M NH 4 H 2 PO 4 (pH3.8), and the high concentration buffer (B) was 0.25 M NH 4 H 2 PO 4 (pH4.95) with 8 mM KCl. The gradient used was 4 min, 0-2.5% (B); 26 min, 2.5-25% (B).
Fore of the mint said the high price for the coin was reached "because it is one of a kind, it is beautiful and it has a great story.
After an overnight hybridization, the embryos were washed at high stringency in prewarmed 50% formamide, 5X SSC, 1% SDS (wash I) at 70°C for 90 minutes.
“Turning a corner of the Mazza Gallerie into a women's tennis store, I was startled to see ... hordes of giggling high school girls ... ” [From an article by Dorothy Gilliam in the Washington Post , . Submitted by .]
Also, pin debit can save you money if your average transaction is high enough.
Suddenly it stopped, and I had the sense I was very, very high up.
I'd never finished high school.
If IBM has miscalculated the demand, it will suffer badly as both the high operating costs and depreciation on the huge capital investment for the East Fishkill factory drag down earnings.
Students learn automotive intricacies and can earn a a high school equivalency diploma.
>If these embellishment prefix and postfix operators have a high >precedence and hence bind tightly to the adjacent operator then >I don't see any problems.
HMG CoA = 3-Hydroxy-3-methylgluatryl coenzyme A; MIRACL = Myocardial Ischemia Reduction with Aggressive Cholesterol Lowering; LDL = low density lipoprotein; RR = relative risk; CI = confidence interval; HDL = high density lipoprotein; PTCA = percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty; CABG = coronary artery bypass graft; ECG = electrocardiogram; A-2-Z = Aggrastat to Zocor; ACS = acute coronary syndrome; PROVE IT = Pravastatin or Atorvastatin Evaluation and Infection Therapy.
Finally, as greenhouse gas emissions are projected to grow exponentially in the developing world in the next two decades, we must evaluate the costs of imposing domestic reductions as a very high cost against potentially low-cost opportunities for mitigating and sequestering carbon emissions in the developing world.
If you plan to visit during May, the carnival atmosphere of the Cheung Chau Bun Festival, with its high bamboo-and-paper towers covered in sticky buns, will fascinate the young ones.
A guy with a bottle-shaped brown paper bag, damp and wrinkled at its upper end, has almost certainly been slugging down a sweet wine of high proof, and the odds are pretty good you would find it is a muscadoodle .
They propose that people with high self-efficacy--people who believe that failure is the result of insufficient effort, and thus exhibit increased commitment and persistence--will achieve more of their goals than people with low self-efficacy, who tend to view failure as the result of deficient ability, and thus may simply give up.
Although this is a possibility, the age-related shift in PG production has only been shown at very high cell passages and has not been documented in vivo .
You seem to have high hopes for her.
I guess the poor guy got caught up in the high school experience.
Now within sight of where he had left his wife, Jake was surprised to see a cowboy, with his hands high in the air.
Go around the barn at high noon to avoid colloquialisms.
To exit, Antie will seek a high temperature until the photoreceptor reaches a threshold of stimulation indicating sunlight, and to get deeper, Antie will seek a lower temperature.
Like other metals (Ca 2+and Mg 2+), free VO 2+inhibited the nucleotidase activities of sCD39 at high concentration (data not shown).
Note: that we were not instructed to email you, but due to the high priority of your package we had to inform you as your sender did not leave us with his phone number because he stated that he just arrived Nigeria and he has not gotten a phone yet.
I know this revelation will keep you wondering why should I trust you with this informations I am about to reveal to you or if what I am saying is the truth especially with the high level of scam mails going around all over the internet, please I need you to trust and believe me if you can.
A message that contains characters with the high bit set CANNOT BE US-ASCII, and therefore, a text/plain message without a charset= label in it that has such characters IS NOT LEGAL MIME.
The high quality of the seam on Milos ensured that the area remained popular with early travelers.
Following the suggestion of President Theodore Roosevelt, the sculptor Augustus Saint-Gaudens redesigned the coin in 1907 in high relief, forever after giving the coins the designation "saints.
At 934 m (3,064 ft), Lantau Peak is high enough to attract the occasional rain cloud — refreshingly cool breezes blow on most hot summer days.
Macau’s population is estimated at around 450,000, an appallingly high figure for such a small area; recent land reclamation has eased the situation to some extent.
and a little sick John Randolph Medical Center is hosting a RN invitational.
Frankly, if I was making high end wine from the "Sonoma Valley", "Sonoma Mountain" or "Sonoma Coast" AVAs that depended in part on the quality recognition that comes wtih these AVAs, I'd be pissed that I'm forced now to put a place-name on my label that told my buyers nothing of real value about the wine behind my label and, in some cases, demonstrably lowered its perceived quality.
The high pace of technology and product life cycles, fluidity of firm formation and failure, rapid employee turnover resulting in little com-pany-specific socialisation, as well as a lack of meaningful institutionally based hierarchy, all contribute to an environment in which individuals rely on alternative cues to guide their behaviour.
5 embryo revealed a high level of Gad1 expression throughout the mesenchyme and neural epithelium in the caudal portion of the tailbud (figure 1F).
Coleco Industries Inc., a once high-flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $65 a share in the early 1980s, filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders.
Granted, the likelihood that I'm suffering from the identitarian equivalent of presentism is awfully high, but I honestly thought I'd written some of the posts from early 2009 in 2006 or so.
I just finished insulating my house and installed high efficiency windows and HVAC.
Lebron didn't play college basketball, he went straight from high school to the pros, and since joining the Cleveland Cavaliers he's won exactly zero NBA champions.
Both of our cars are high mpg and rarely used.
If these embellishment prefix and postfix operators have a high precedence and hence bind tightly to the adjacent operator then I don't see any problems.
Melody sat up high in a tree, grieving again for the loss of her trainer, Jayden.
be it low or high.
and yes, sad but true, any SMTPs will strip the high bit)
The interest will be quite high, I think.
The pattern of liver enzyme abnormalities is shown in Figure 1. None of the patients with abnormal liver function tests had clinical evidence of muscle involvement that could explain the high levels of amino-transferases.
The principal parent of Yiddish is High German, the form of German encountered by Jewish settlers from northern France in the eleventh century.
Atorvastatin also significantly reduced total and LDL cholesterol and triglyceride levels but did not significantly change high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol by 16 weeks.
There the Ark rested until it was placed in the Temple, built in approximately 960 b.c. on Mt. Moriah, the high point at the northern end of the city.

In the third stage, which began in 1991, the high court has eased the way for schools to be released altogether from desegregation decrees.
Transcripts of 4.3 and 6.0 kb are seen at high levels in kidney but not in any other tissues tested.
Through the competitive grants process, LSC evaluates an applicant's capacity to provide effective and efficient high quality legal representation to eligible clients.
It's priced that high because it's a first edition and wrapped in plastic.
At a sufficiently high zoom level, start and stop codons and the underlying genome sequence appear.
Older age, prior immunization, recent complications or co-morbid diagnoses (30 days before the influenza/ILI diagnosis), co-morbidities identified in the year prior to diagnosis, and high recent health care costs (in the previous three months) were all strongly associated with hospitalizations or complications of influenza/ILI.
High responders therefore had a log antibody content (ng/ml) that exceeded the mean plus standard deviation of non-precipitating serum (log ng IgG /ml >3.
For instance, the intake of folate calculated from high school FFQ is much lower than the range seen in adult women [ 23 ] ; median intake group in the top quintile of intake during high school was only 238 μg per day.
Each of these characters comes with the trappings of civilization and high society, but it is the natural, untutored Catherine who proves the superior--if, ultimately, woebegone--force.
In addition, a cell-encoded protein from Drosophila showed relatedness at a high level of significance to the baculovirus ld130 protein group.
All three have high per-student expenditures and all three are especially strong in the hard sciences.
This makes sense, because the margins on these dresses are high relative to the cost of buying additional dresses and having to dispose of them below cost.
For protein functions, folds with high occurrence in the genome also tend to have diverse functions; thus the P-loop-containing NTP hydrolase fold is found 130 times in yeast and has at least six distinct enzymatic functions [ 20].
In particular, a protein with a mutation in the EH surface (V80E) could bind with high affinity (K d = 2 nM) to a protein with a mutation in the ML surface (A61D) to form a heterodimer with a native interface.
This plasmid provides constitutively high gene expression and we use it as an indicator of the number of tumor cells present in the tissue samples harvested from mice in the in vivo experiments.
African American race, Hispanic race, and high APACHE II score were found to be risk factors for blood stream infection in hospitalized patients with HIV infection in the present study.
This optimized technique may be useful in generating high titer retroviral supernatants from production lots of relatively modest titer.
The FDA, says USAT , has received reports of 24 deaths that may be related to the medication, which is used for chest pain and high blood pressure by about 400,000 patients worldwide--200,000 in the U.S.
However, since it is difficult to follow a single neurite from soma to growth cone in the case of high neuronal densities, the quantitative results presented herein were derived from all assessible neurons from cases where low rates of attachment occurred.
Sometimes it's because there are nonmarket goods involved--the high value people place on personal safety, national security, a clean environment, or social welfare.
If Slate wants to be an alternative to the mass of media, why let the mass of media (in low or high cultures) dictate the terms?
She, too, is deified and in a façade of six colossi 111/2 m (38 ft) high stands at equal height to her husband — a very rare honor for a consort in Egypt — though his statues outnumber hers by 2:1, a more subtle indication of his supreme power.
Note: If most people live another fifty years after college and if college costs a total of more than $100,000, then the additional sex achieved by college students over their high school counterparts is purchased at Heidi Fleiss rates: about $1,000 per.
High banality quotient: A piece follows a stay-at-home mom who left a law practice to rear three kids.
The California Highway Patrol says Sprewell's Mercedes was traveling at "high speed" when it struck sand barrel obstacles, hit a wall and then collided with another car.
None scored high marks.
BMP-4 mRNA was constitutively expressed at high levels in both the SC (Fig.
Pressure waveforms were significantly abbreviated with dobutamine compared to high perfusate calcium (total waveform duration: 100 ± 15 vs 125 ± 0 ms, p < 0.01).
Carey gives us the flawed, utterly romantic anti-hero of high Victorian fiction--absurdly tall, absurdly shy, absurdly proud, absurdly trusting, Maggs is a sighted Edward Rochester, a kinder Heathcliff.
The cost of fixing and maintaining a low-rider car is fairly high, so the owner typically is a working person.
The average sample size was 2,135; however, this high average results from a single study of 18,640.
Except for the lack of cross terms and high resolution, adaptive time-frequency parametrizations exhibit one more basic and important advantage over the continuous time-frequency representations.
I really liked that one, where he thought the line "I can't hide, I can't hide" was "I get high, I get high," and concluded it was a "song about dope."
He was taking it home to Yorkshire to prove to the locals just how high the cost of living is in Switzerland.
However, at high density ERKs are less active and can be further activated by phorbol ester (not shown).
Of course Starr dropped the B-listers: Now he has distilled his case to the essence, focusing on the only Clinton scandal that Americans understand, and the only one where he might find a clear, explicable high crime.
Arianna Huffington is touting Levin on the air, and his book is stacked high by the register at my local Borders.
how to design and implement a comprehensive system of high quality legal services;
The MA plot of ADGE microarray has wider upward and downward distribution from the central area than that of regular microarray, particularly for the spots with high intensity (Fig.
Equally plausible is the possibility of differing neurotoxic responses to glutamate or differences in the ability of AKXD28 and D2 mice to buffer glutamate levels in the face of high IOP.
Tetanic stimulation at high intensity induces initial γ oscillations followed by a slow SD which resembles hyperthermic epileptiform-like population spikes followed by a slow SD.
These observations accurately reflect the known expression pattern of rod-specific genes [ 15 ] . Examining the temporal dataset for genes that are known to be selectively expressed in retinal progenitor cells (Figure 3), we found that high expression persisted until P2, followed by a rapid drop, with expression barely detectable in the adult.
Also noteworthy is a report describing bovine lactoferrin as an inhibitor of VEGF-mediated angiogenesis in a rat model [ 29 ] . Intriguingly, a recent report has identified a high molecular weight urinary MMP to be a complex of MMP-9 and LCN2 (herein referred to as neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin, or NGAL) proteins [ 30 ] . Such urinary MMP complexes have been described as useful markers for cancer diagnosis and prognosis.
At low discounts, however, they still show more volume than might be expected; and at high discount levels, they show supply levels which are not as large as might be expected.
Second, it is exciting and even encouraging to watch one's hero smack a concrete wall at such high speeds and walk away unscathed.
High praise for the latest effort from the 44-year-old Southern roots singer, dubbed "album of the year" by Spin . Her charms: a craggy voice and unsentimental (sometimes gothic, sometimes macho) lyrics, refreshing in a world inundated by "cookie-cutter Lilith-ready wimps" (David Browne, Entertainment Weekly ). Critics predict that Williams will finally emerge from her long sojourn as a cult star to become a genuine pop star.
2. GSTCdc6 eluted from the beads following high salt wash failed to give any band shift suggesting that the ~35 kDa polypeptide was responsible for the DNA binding activity.
Consequently, the ADI decreases for high target concentrations where the slope of the PM sigmoidal has tapered.
Three types of costs were particularly high under the old model: forced markdowns to clear out unsold goods; lost sales from stock-outs; and the costs asso-ciated with holding inventory.
It's understandable, of course, that conservative frustration levels should be running high these days.
from selection at E 0200 h through ovulation at E 0200 h the next cycle), the membrana, but not the cumulus and periantral GC, express high levels of BMP-2 mRNA (Fig.
Furthermore, degranulation of platelets and neutrophils may contribute to the elevation of serum levels of MMP-2 and MMP-9 seen in the patients, and may be an explanation for the high baseline level in the serum [ 52, 53].
Even among institutions which are leaders in quality measurement, the current state of the art is to compare crude outcomes by condition from claims data, typically using resources such as the University Hospital Consortium database which includes information like length of stay and morbidity and mortality data [ 27 ] . Such comparisons can be useful and result in identification of problems that can be addressed in an organization (for example if high mortality is identified in patients with community-acquired pneumonia), but these comparisons often aggregate disparate groups of patients, involve long lag times and lack clinical detail.
The story mentions a school of thought according to which the euro's transparency effect will eventually tend to make salaries more comparable across borders, with the suggestion that the uniformity will be established at a level closer to the high salaries than the low ones.
This integration of family- and population-based methods of haplotype reconstruction resulted in phase assignments of high certainty.
Effects of high intensity tetanic stimulation
Rejection of the null hypothesis of no three-way association in the table would lead to the conclusion that the proportion with high TCD depends upon the joint effects of the two genes rather than on their separate effects.
Almost all the statistically significant 6-mers represented known transcription factor binding sites, with the exception of a group of C-rich sequences with high statistical enrichment in the promoters of the Msn2/Msn4p targets in cluster 7 (Figure 6).
The word altar is derived from the Latin word altare, a combination of altus, high, and ara, altar, referring to a raised structure for worship, one that goes upward toward the sky or heaven.
Japan's high saving rate has been attributed to several factors including less access to consumer credit and cultural factors.
Together these analyses suggest that there is a high degree of agreement among classical chromosomal data and more recent DNA sequence data and that inversion data are extremely consistent with simultaneous analysis hypotheses of relationship in these groups of Drosophila .
Although they were not included in the analysis presented here, the homologies of Ps-moeZ to sequences in the unfinished microbial genomes of M. avium , M. bovis , and M. smegmatis were also very high and thus provide additional support for the placement of Ps-moeZ in the ThiF tree and suggest that the direction of LGT was from a mycobacterial species to P. stutzeri .
Just because rural Chinese and African people may not need high dairy consumption to be healthy does not mean that Americans should be discouraged from drinking milk.
This effect was observed for high and low IL-6-expressing clones of NRP-154 (Figure 5, panels C and D), and therefore was independent of IL-6 production by the cells.
The third observation in this study was that increased expression of iNOS and VEGF and p53 protein accumulation occurred with a high frequency in gastric biopsy samples with IM.
Some score high on reasonable tests of quality; others have lower scores.
The fractions showing high chorismate mutase activity were pooled and concentrated by centrifugal filtration.
Just a few days after the murder of their biggest-selling artist, Death Row Records couriered his last video, I Ain't Mad At Cha , to MTV, coyly suggesting the network might like to rush it into high rotation.
An assumption of 1125 tons of steel is a conservatively high estimate since 500 MWe FGD retrofit installations have been completed with as little as 250 to 375 tons of steel, or 0.5 tons of steel per MWe.
At high strain rate, it is generally reported that the ligament tears [ 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 ] . However, the definitions of a fast or slow rate, and the actual rate range covered in each study, are different.
Stoppard's name, familiar to anyone who cares about modern theater or who took AP English in high school, signifies a deft blend of high culture and high wit, deep thinking and schoolboy cleverness.
3is derived from the "coiled-coil" analysis software in the DNASTAR sequence analysis software package, and was confirmed in all cases by the MultiCoil algorithm [ 2 ] . In addition, MultiCoil predicted that all coiled-coil regions have a high probability to form dimers and a low probability to form trimers.
In addition, the rate of false positives is now notably high for the naive method.
The catalytic sites of enzymes possess high stereospecificity  that is, shape specificity  for the transition state of the substrate(s) of the reaction.
A third limitation of the current study is the possibility of recall bias because high school diet history was obtained after diagnosis of breast cancer.
The committee is generally held in high regard but ran aground when four out of five of the outside members resigned earlier this year.
The screen and the clacking keys suggest it has to be something high tech.
In addition, a recent study [ 5 ] found high correlation between the intensities from the calculated pool and those from the actual pool using the same samples, (although in that study the pooling effect on reducing variance was not explicitly addressed).
Room price guidelines below are for a double room with bath in high season, including breakfast and VAT (value-added tax).
The reason for this is that we found high levels of background staining with the anti-8-OH-dG antibodies, which is not unusual when using streptavidin/biotin detection systems in immunohistochemistry [ 39 ] . Unfortunately, secondary antibodies directly linked to a fluorophore or a detection enzyme were not sensitive enough to detect the 8-OH-dG adduct in our hands.
In the absence of such a detailed-and repeated-articulation, national security tends not to rise very high on the list of congressional priorities.
The ceremonies were overseen by a powerful caste of high priests.
Standard deviations from the datasets derived from disc-to-disc comparisons (25 experiments) were all < 1, indicating the high level of similarity among the different imaginal discs.
Nevertheless, we should mention (see the RESULTS) that the most of heterogeneity could be explained by high transfusion rates in the trial by Porter et al.
The process of coding the data ensured a high degree of accuracy, agreement, and rigor, through coding and recoding to validate important issues [ 50 ] . Ten members of the research team (described as first level coders), were oriented to qualitative evaluative methods as advised by Patton [ 45 ] , and assisted in identifying initial codes.
Given that clozapine has a relatively high affinity for muscarinic receptors [ 1 2 ] it is surprising that we have not seen an effect on peak pressure.
The Times said that, according to one new security assessment, the IRA possesses at least 1,000 rifles, 500 handguns, 50 heavy machine guns, and 2,600 kilograms of Semtex high explosive.
In Riley et al . [ 17 ] , the authors theorize that the duplication of the CHRNA7 locus is a human-specific event because of the high sequence homology of the duplicated segment to the donor segment in 15q13.
Once a tight-knit but downtrodden blue-collar community, the hometown of Bruce Springsteen has become a wealthy, yuppified commercial district, with lots of jobs, high taxes, and a fleet of SUVs.
We reasoned that any polymerase variant that could recognize the mutant promoter would re-establish the feedback loop and concomitantly lead not only to high protein expression levels, but also to high mRNA expression levels.
Welfare dependency among blacks remained at a high level until 1995, the year before the welfare system was radically reformed (when there was already a lot of talk of reform in the air).
3 and the fact the CHRNA7 duplication appeared polymorphic in the human population [ 17 ] . This hypothesis deserved consideration in this study, as the site of duplication of the CHRNA7 locus in the human genome may correspond to the pericentric inversion breakpoint, and the high sequence homology noted between the donor and duplicated CHRNA7 loci does not establish the human-specificity of the CHRNA7 duplication, as gene conversion may also maintain high sequence homology of duplicated segments [ 26 27 ] . Thus, we tested the chimpanzee genome by Southern genomic analysis for the presence of the CHRNA7 duplication which revealed this duplication is most likely human-specific and therefore did not contribute to the pericentric inversion in chimpanzee (Figure 5).
In conclusion, T7 based linear amplification generates high fidelity aRNA for gene expression profiling using high-density cDNA microarrays.
Then you can celebrate your license by getting high.
When she was still in high school, she decided she wanted to be a lawyer and work with the poor.
Back then we had no guns in high schools, no drive-by shootings, no graffiti on the walls, etc.
One of the hallmarks of cancer includes the accumulation of mutations in key genes, namely DNA repair genes [ 4 ] , tumor suppressor genes [ 5 6 ] , and proto-oncogenes [ 5 6 ] , accompanied by the loss of the wildtype allele, resulting in loss of heterozygosity [LOH, see reviews by [ 7 8 9 ] ]. Pancreatic cancer, which results in the death of approximately 30,000 Americans annually and is the fourth leading cause of cancer mortalities in the United States, exhibits this hallmark [ 10 ] . For example, in pancreatic cancer there is a high incidence of mutations (>50%) in the tumor suppressor genes p16, p53 and DPC4 and approximately 90% of cases coincide with a mutation in the oncogene K- ras 2 [see review by [ 11 ] ]. Furthermore, a significant percentage of tumors harboring a mutated copy of DPC4 or p53 also lose the corresponding wildtype allele, resulting in LOH [see reviews by [ 11 12 ] ].
Cruise gathers Brad Pitt into one of many homoerotic embraces in Interview With the Vampire and soars with him high into the night sky.
Therefore, the frequency of occurrence of a fingerprint enabled us to count the abundance of genes and to calculate expression levels from cDNA libraries derived from different statuses at a high throughput.
Oligo probes from five genes (α- tub, hrgp, rbcS, eEF1 -α, pepc ) met the selection criteria (see legend to Figure 7) of demonstrating a high ratio in at least one hybridization.
The drug issue hasn't figured high on the president's domestic agenda until this year.
Previous studies addressed the need for simpler tests and strategies to identify patients with a high probability of having PCP to initiate either empiric treatment or aggressive investigation [ 5 6 ] . These studies reported that an increase in LDH value had variable specificity and sensitivity for the diagnosis of PCP.
rec12mutants produce a high frequency aneuploid meiotic products
Thus, there may be less fixed costs on these routes than indicated by the elasticities embedded in the cost model based on U.S. costs, which reflect very high coverage levels.
Indeed, evolution of a new beneficial function in one of the duplicates, once a relatively high level of divergence (which will be different for different genes, depending on the specific function involved) is reached, appears to be common among duplicated genes as demonstrated for several paralogous gene families [ 33, 52, 54, 67].
The region isn’t overly touristed, though; it isn’t unusual to see oxen pulling carts piled high with seaweed for fertilizer.
The turnout was high (57.
We observed more tightly packed leaf litter in smaller containers with high leaf litter quantities, but we did not measure microbial growth, so this idea remains to be tested.
The relatively high proline content of this additional sequence and the positioning of this truncation would be expected to disrupt the second half of the coiled-coil region of the protein.
The nearby Nelson Monument, an elegant tower 30 m (98 ft) high, commemorates the famous naval victory at Trafalgar in 1805.
The Cy5/Cy3 ratio for each array element was calculated using GENEPIX PRO 4.0, log 2 transformed, and normalized using the default computed normalization method used by the Stanford Microarray Database [ 23 ] . We applied a high stringency data selection, keeping only microarray elements for which at least 80% of the measurements within a set of experiments had fluorescence intensity in both channels at least 3-fold over background intensity.
Second, signal conditioning: preparation of the data for further analysis by removal of high frequency noise, long-term trends and other extraneous and confusing perturbations in the data.
Also, the virtual correlation coefficients between different protocols are high (average 0.95) (Figure 3), suggesting that slight differences in protocols based on T7 linear amplification mechanism do not affect the correlation of amplified samples to unamplified samples.
Other post-massacre advice: Time recommends that high schools provide counseling to "help bullies deal with frustration," and Newsweek writes that kids should vet their peers' comments ("Mrs.
However, this solution (even if attractive from the point of view of classification) does not seem to be correct in light of the principle of orthology that underlies the COG system: it appears that, in both of the COGs involved, the fusion components and stand-alone proteins are bona fide orthologs, as judged by the high level of sequence conservation and by the fact that, in the majority of species involved, they are the only versions of this key enzyme.
1) detects tissue injury within minutes of ischemia, has high sensitivity and specificity for the diagnosis of ischemic stroke, and permits measurement of lesion volumes that correlate with clinical severity and prognosis [ 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12].
Sequence conservation is high within individual families of the 2OG-Fe(II) dioxygenase superfamily, with specific extensions typical of each family, but low between different families (Figure 1).
We do not believe it is reasonable to expect all the control technology installations to be completed in that time frame without very high costs and electricity reliability problems.
The magazine explains why the president's poll numbers are so high: 1) he courts them ("like a kid who gets straight A's by flattering the teacher"); and 2) polling questions are phrased with a calculation and nuance that are positively, well, Clintonesque.
Next month, college students around the country will return to campus, hoping, among other things, to achieve high grades.
If the predictions don't actually pan out, and I actually pray they don't, it's also a classic example of how to build a high conspiracy theory from the ground up.
[ 34 ] have demonstrated that mutation in a single human allele of Pou4f3 (Brn3c) results in a late onset of high frequency hearing loss.
This factor probably contributes to our high severity of illness and could have affected system calibration.
Stepwise regression then identified the best estimate of the variance in DMFT that was explained by multiple variables in the separate and combined high and low responder groups.
SLC/CCL21, a CC chemokine expressed in high endothelial venules and in T cell zones of spleen and lymph nodes, strongly attracts naive T cells and DCs [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ] . Because DCs are potent APCs that function as principal activators of T cells, the capacity to facilitate the co-localization of both DC and T cells may reverse tumor-mediated immune suppression and orchestrate effective cell-mediated immune responses [ 9 10 25 26 27 ] . In addition to its immunotherapeutic potential, SLC/CCL21 has been found to have potent angiostatic effects [ 28 ] , thus adding further support for its use in cancer therapy.
Because many studies suggest that exposure to high activity of MPF is effective for reprogramming a donor nucleus from a differentiated cell [ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 14], M I oocytes may reprogram somatic cell nuclei as well.
We found that PKC activators rescued high levels of MHCII expression in colon carcinoma cells and failed to do so in mesothelioma and hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
In our initial experiments, unmodified 70-mer oligonucleotides were printed onto TeleChem slides at a relatively high concentration of 50 μM.
Of the 13 patients who achieved CR, 6 patients received further consolidation chemotherapy (3 with high dose cytarabine, and 3 with intermediate dose cytarabine combined with daunorubicin, etoposide, or interleukin-2), and 6 patients received either allogeneic BMT or allogeneic PSCT.
F 535 (λ 485 )/F 535 (λ 440 )) correlated linearly with calibrated lysosomal pHs from 4.0 to 6.5, with a high r 2value of 0.9689.
As I have mentioned, demand for our work is essentially at an all time high, especially with regard to mandates and requests from Congress.
2. From this analysis we can observe that regions of intron insertion strongly associate with high G-frequencies in both the SSU and LSU rRNA.
Four clones of each cell line exhibiting high levels of EGFP expression were expanded for further analysis.
Arts and crafts are held in high regard in Edinburgh.
The WP takes a look at exploited immigrant high tech workers on its front.
Delirium, a syndrome associated with long hospital stays and high rates of morbidity and mortality [ 10], is a sign of deterioration in the homeostasis and physical status of the patient [ 17].
After determining the best conditions for each individual genotyping assay, the expectation is that these conditions would be the best possible for genotyping large numbers of samples with high accuracy.
After all, those murders were carried out in a financial work setting; it didn't have the juice of a high school for TV producers.
For Set 52 (and the preceding Set 51), we aimed to identify one or two high quality tri- or tetranucleotide STRPs at approximately the midpoint between each pair of STRPs within Set 12.
The first time point for the high resolution data is at 2.5 minutes and, considering the experimental mixing and delay artifacts, one probably cannot expect to be able make accurate measurements at times before this.
Guaranteed admission to college for a fixed percentage of the top students in each high school, regardless of grades or SAT scores.
Amprenavir (APV) is a potent protease inhibitor (PI) that is used in combination with other antiretroviral drugs for the treatment of antiretroviral-naïve and -experienced adults and children with HIV infection [ 1 2 3 4 5 ] . APV offers the convenience of twice-daily (BID) administration with no food or fluid restrictions [ 6 7 ] . Preclinical and clinical data suggest that APV has a lower potential to cause lipodystrophy and metabolic abnormalities than other currently available PIs [ 8 9 10 ] . APV has a distinct resistance profile that permits it to be considered as a treatment option for either PI-naïve or PI-experienced patients [ 11 ] . In a 64-week trial in treatment-naïve patients (NZTA4002; n = 302), APV 1200 mg, administered BID (APV1200) with one abacavir 300 mg tablet and one lamivudine 150 mg/zidovudine 300 mg combination tablet (Combivir ®), was as effective as nelfinavir 750 mg three times daily plus Combivir BID, with regard to the proportion of patients achieving HIV-1 RNA <40 copies/mL at week 64: 77% vs 66% (as-treated analysis) [ 12 ] . However, many patients in this trial withdrew prematurely because of adverse events that may have been, in part, related to the high pill burden (16 large 150 mg soft-gelatin capsules daily) associated with APV dosing and excipients contained in the APV formulation available at the time of the trial.
The amino-terminal part of the fusion proteins is most closely related to group 1 GshAs, although the sequence identities are not high (Table 5).
Counting all soy foods, Chinese and Japanese women reported nearly twice as high an intake as Caucasian women.
This is associated with relatively high expression of LHR protein in western blots, and a fully glycosylated ~92 kDa species in particular.
The high molecular weight caldesmon (h-caldesmon) is the major isoform of intact vascular smooth muscle [ 7 ] . On the Western blots h-caldesmon appeared as a single band with apparent molecular weight of 130 kDa, which comigrated with h-caldesmon standard, purified from porcine stomach [ 8 ] . Densitometry of immunoreactive bands revealed that the artery contained approximately 1.39 times more h-caldesmon than vein (Fig.
Because each of the rec12 mutants had aberrant meiotic chromosome segregation (Figure 3), produced a high frequency of viable meiotic products (Figure 4A), and produced a high frequency of meiotic diploids (Figure 4B), we were able to monitor directly the segregation patterns of all three chromosome pairs in each of the mutants.
The Louis XV story reminds me of one of Ronald Reagan's favorites--about the Muslim philosopher who said that the king came to the throne with high taxes and departed with low revenue.
Mammary gland mass [ 18] has been proposed as a risk factor for breast cancer because of the higher number of ductal stem cells that develop as a result of intrauterine influences and high energy intake early in life.
The cave, 54 m (177 ft) long, 15 m (49 ft) high, and 30 m (98 ft) wide, is believed (because of the man-made niches) to have been a nymphaeum, a kind of watery boudoir for the Emperor Tiberius, who retired to Capri in the first century a.d. and built a villa directly above.
But the probability that he will have to reverse that position--and explain his way out of it--is now at least as high as the probability was a year ago that he would have to admit to an "inappropriate" relationship with Lewinsky and explain away his previous denials.
Challenged repeatedly by Gore on the high cost of his health proposal, he finally responded by uttering, in his unmodulated, low mumble: "I want to make one clarification.
Price-earnings ratios are perilously high in both.
The reduced frequencies of high response in childhood and old age were not significant.
Consistent with this possibility are findings that seedlings arrested by growth on very high concentrations of sorbitol (0.
Since the present study was conducted in inner-city public high schools, with African American students with high normal blood pressure, empirical evaluation is needed to determine if the findings may be generalizable to other students.
This finding, combined with generally high TSD scores and manual inspection of hundreds of L1s recovered, gives us confidence that the sequences identified by the TSDfinder algorithm represent actual TSDs.
We found that this commercially available test has a high incidence of false positives.
Because the total amount of intracellular tubulin depends on both mRNA stability and protein half-life, these data together indicate that high levels of tubulin mRNA might be associated with low levels of free tubulin subunits.
5 percent, and could go as high as 16.
Although Bmp4 +/-eyes of each IOP class had some degree of drainage structure abnormalities, only eyes with severe drainage structure abnormalities extending over 80% or greater of the analyzed locations had high IOP.
Unfortunately, when the smoke clears, prices for these goods remain surprisingly high (an average comic book is seven or eight times more expensive than it was 20 years ago), which may have something to do with why sales growth is so slow.
Opposed to that is the lethal weapon style, which usually involves a fierce high heel, often skinny and slanted in an odd direction, like a half-open switchblade, with fastenings for the shoe that run to grim metallic buckles or very toothy zippers.
You know the old joke: "Clinton's approval ratings are so high he's going to start dating again."
GPC5 belongs to the cell surface heparan sulfate proteoglycan family and is expressed in limb, kidney, developing central nervous system and brain tissue [ 21 22 ] . In vertebrates 6 glypican family members belonging to the proteoglycan family have so far been characterized [ 23 ] . Although there is a high degree of conservation of polypeptide sequence among family members, they are localized to different chromosomes.
His high voice trembled, his eyes were fixed on mine."
With the dataset of about 1220 polypeptide chain structures of high resolution (≤ 2°A), an analysis of tripeptide study is feasible and a tetrapeptide study will be statistically insignificant.
This construct gave rise to a high molecular weight band of 180 kDa, 20 kDa smaller than that observed for wild-type VR1 (Figure 4).
The coat manufacturer will have to hold relatively more finished goods inventory of the low volume SKUs than of the high volume SKUs.
The Butterworth filter can be used as a "bandpass" with both a high and a low cutoff.
"If the costs become too high for the Russians … this could become an albatross around his neck in March."
While there are "very high public expectations of rapid breakthroughs," it is clear that "all will not be easy and wonderful.
Placental ERα expression in vivo is high in normal placentae and barely detectable in abnormal placentae.
In conclusion, MDAH cells (p53-negative), 10T1/2 cells (p53-positive), and TR9-7 cells (high or low levels of p53) all exhibited similarly increased expression levels of PTEN in response to the disruption of cell-matrix interactions.
While default rates for student loans are high, these defaulters are not the children of rich parents trying to milk the system Would you choose to pay interest on money you already have?
, [ 15 ] ]. Of particular interest is identification of genes harboring TEs and determining if these insertion alleles are in high frequency or fixed among natural populations as would be expected from the adaptive hypothesis.
Averaging the time-frequency densities of energy, obtained from the MP decomposition, allows for an instantaneous evaluation of the complete picture of changes in the time-frequency plane, with high resolution.
"The award says a lot about the legal profession, that it places such a high honor on pro bono service," she said, adding that it also says a lot about the Delaware Bar, which nominated her.
Our study had several limitations, including the possibility of incomplete claims histories if patients changed health plans during the course of treatment, but the high agreement with HTR information indicates that the validity of insurance claims information was high.
= 35; p < 0.03) was due to few high responder children and young teenagers and a slightly greater fraction of siblings aged 15-25 years who were high responders (50%) compared with the general population.
As expected, lymphoblasts derived from the TRMA patient showed no high affinity thiamine transport as revealed by thiamine uptake being the same in the absence and presence of excess unlabelled thiamine.
High affinity humoral immune responses to most protein antigens require cognate interactions between antigen-specific T and B cells.
Thus motif overlaps are allowed and weighted according to how well they explain the data, and multiple weak copies of a factor are all counted [ 5 12 ] . Our background model is a Markov model fit to all triples of bases in the window and accounts for local compositional variation which could otherwise push up the representation of any matrix that matched one of the high copy number base triples (eg hb matches poly A tracts).
Our data suggest that the intrinsic affinity of the cell surface receptor for PEDF appears low, whereas the heparin/HS-PEDF complex is recognized with high affinity.
He had been told, he wrote, that cabinet-level officials thought the risk of civilian casualties-"collateral damage"-was too high.
Several gateways provide access through the high wall surrounding La Mezquita, the most impressive being the monumental Mudéjar Puerta del Perdón (Gate of Forgiveness).
However, some regions of the world experiencing high incidence of brucellosis may not have access to the expensive machinery and expertise necessary for fluorescent detection of amplicons.
Other methods that have been used extensively for high throughput partner identification include the yeast two-hybrid system [ 25 ] . While the two hybrid approach is popular, it has a number of inherent problems including a high potential for false positives, the inability to use non-protein targets such as mRNA or membrane bound/extracellular proteins and the inability to address postranslational modifications on a target.
The tabloid Daily Mail said that "high on Herr Schröder's list is likely to be a forging of a closer alliance with Britain, not as a substitute for French influence but at least as a counterweight to it."
Fortunately, the high redundancy of EST hits in dbEST increased our confidence that any identification was likely physiologic and that the searches were sensitive.
The overall accuracy of the phenogram is suggested by the clustering of similarly named proteins, the relatively good agreement with previously published categorization schemes [ 9, 10, 11], and the high level of congruence with the previously published tree of human tyrosine kinases [ 40].
Despite increases in state funding to meet the legal needs of the poor, low interest rates (which have reduced the IOLTA fund), high unemployment and the present economic downturn have threatened any gains.
cDNA sequence was submitted to GenBank with a preliminary annotation of the longest ORF and a gene assignment based on a high BLASTN similarity score to the Release 2 genome annotations.
That is disappointing, if only because we have such high expectations from this author" (Jim Holt, the Wall Street Journal ). It's "as if Gleick couldn't quite make the short leap from being merely a superb reporter to an astute social thinker" (Henry Kisor, the Chicago Sun-Times ). (Click here to find out more about the author.)
The film's only high note is a soundtrack with some 49 songs that evoke the era better than any of the actors do.
Now, the same for books: I give just about anyone high marks for writing one, and I hate to see any author misread cavalierly, as so regularly happens.
Apoptotic cells were counted in 10 high power field (HPF) at 40 × magnification with a field diameter of 0.35 mm.
And, as one would expect, the higher the variation in week-to-week demand, the more inventory a manufacturer must hold to meet a retailer’s high service expectations.
The burden of his spiritual functions as high priest of Shinto and the tasks of administration led the emperor to welcome an early abdication, frequently to retire to a life of Buddhist meditation and scholarship.
People with high IQs tend to be nearsighted.
In this nested case-control study, the relation of adolescent diet to risk of breast cancer was evaluated among participants in the Nurses' Health Study who had completed a 24-item FFQ about diet during high school.
We estimate that we could generate a summer 2001 on-peak demand response in excess of 400 MW during certain high cost hours, and a demand response for summer 2002 on-peak hours that could exceed 1000 MW.
Routine BLAST searches of the database with individual members of the LD130 family of baculovirus proteins revealed high levels of similarity with a set of predicted envelope proteins from a number of insect retrovirus-like retrotransposons.
The suit accuses former managers of misleading workers about the whereabouts of radioactive material stored at the plant, thereby exposing them to illegally high doses of radiation.
The adage that more is better may not hold true for vitamin E as there may be beneficial effects at certain levels but not at high levels.
Publishers must then absorb the high costs of huge returns from the chains.
Several of the Dulles controllers "observed a primary radar target tracking eastbound at a high rate of speed" and notified Reagan National Airport.
When the five C(=O)-X units are converted to trans butene moieties, now removing all heteroatoms and most of the electrostatics in the molecule, the energy minima shift once again and the average energy spread between high and low unconstrained energy conformations (i.e.
In 2001, VBA administered its most recent employee survey to measure aspects of organizational climate related to high performance.
The show, an instructive panorama of shifting taste in the last half-century seen through the innovative work of designers from England, Japan, Italy, and America interspersed with French examples, demonstrates how changing perceptions of high fashion have slowly altered its character.
Cholesterol and lipids are also found at high levels in semen and are major components of secretory vesicles referred to as prostasomes, which are thought to regulate the function of spermatozoa [ 27].
The finding of at least one closely apposed pair of cells expressing high levels of replicon proteins on day 9 post transfection, two days after trypsinization and replating (Figure 7, right panel), not only implies replicon replication, but also implies the expression of NS-1 protein as well.
03 M) glucose media and then transferred after 3 days to high (0.
There is at least one hopeful finding though: college educated women are more than twice as likely not to suffer from lack of sexual desire as those who did not complete high school, and men who complete college also tend to complete something else, suffering much less premature ejaculation than male high school dropouts.
Attributed in part to antigenic drift are the moderately high failure rate and the short-lived efficacy of influenza vaccines [ 6], the failure of synthetic foot-and-mouth disease virus vaccines [ 7], and the inability of recombinant HIV vaccines to provide complete protection against field strains of the virus [ 8].
In contrast, as Tem1-depleted tab3-1 cells progressed through mitosis, Clb2 was almost completely degraded and Sic1 accumulated to high levels (Figure 3B, right panels).
When food resources are low, high horizontal and vertical surface area per unit volume allow for greater growth than in conditions of low horizontal and vertical surface area per unit volume.
Extremely high false positive rates (up to 70%) were found for extremely short branch lengths (maximum at 0.001).
Furthermore, it is clear from the RT-PCR data that at very low expression levels, high fold changes are still problematic to verify and remain questionable.
Nonetheless, the possibility that PEEP can alter splanchnic perfusion when it is applied at high levels and for longer durations cannot be completely excluded.
Further, during this study though we did not find the patients with rheumatoid factor, this may need to be investigated further in other malaria endemic areas as a relatively high false positive rate with Determine rapid test was observed in patients with rheumatoid factor in earlier study [ 9 ] .
When Siah1a is caused to express heterologously (at presumably high levels) it expresses at levels high enough to out-compete native CaM for mGluR binding.
Chinese and Japanese women reported nearly twice as high an intake as Caucasian women, counting all soy foods.
The few studies documented on Buthus tamulus are restricted to the isolation and purification of neurotoxins, protease inhibitors, histamine releasers [ 19 ] iberiotoxin, an inhibitor of high conductance Ca 2+-activated K +channel [ 21 ] and neurotoxin Bt-II [ 20 ] . In the quest for natural insect-selective toxins, we have identified a novel short lepidopteran-selective toxin from the venom of Mesobuthus tamulus having 37 amino acids residues and 8 half-cystines.
Although it was not the purpose of this study to explain the high rates of breast cancer in Marin County, one hypothesis of the study was that if exposures specific to Marin County were to some degree responsible for the high rates there, one would expect women with breast cancer to have lived longer in Marin County than control women after adjustment for generally recognized breast cancer risk factors.
Studies on the BmNV BroA protein have shown that it binds DNA with high affinity and associates with the chromatin in the BmNV-infected cells [ 11].
Since the frequency of locating fresh scats is usually high in most of the tiger areas, parasite compositions in scats can be a useful tool in monitoring tigers particularly in areas where tiger sighting is rare.
The divergence between these species is sufficient such that there does not appear to be any need to go to more distantly related species to obtain a high level of signal to noise to detect functionally constrained sequences.
The study reported on here was originally designed to test the ability of a high dietary dose of sE to prevent lipid peroxidation in nude mice bearing a human breast cancer xenograft MDA-MB-231 [ 11 12 ] . To assure suppression of lipid peroxidation, sE was added to the diet at a dose level.
The data is presented in Figure 2. Columbia wild-type Arabidopsis showed high levels of PR-1 induction in response to either DC3000• avrB or DC3000• avrRpt2 . The level of PR-1 induction shown by either single mutant line in response to either bacterial strain was greatly reduced relative to that shown by Columbia.
In the second stage, the candidates fought for the high ground on those three issues.
Entire lobules and large ducts of normal breast tissue can be derived from a single progenitor cell [ 47 ] , and LOH at various chromosomal locations is frequently detectable in morphologically normal lobules adjacent to breast tumors [ 48 ] . Lung tumors and head and neck tumors that develop in a localized region also often have a common clonal origin [ 3 4 49 ] . The high frequency of M6P/IGF2R loss of heterozygosity observed in the head and neck tumors in this study suggests that the phenomenon of "field cancerization", first described by Slaughter and his colleagues [ 2 ] in 1953, may in part result from the clonal proliferation of mucosal epithelial cells with M6P/IGF2R allelic loss.
This two step strategy for designing robust primers can be applied to any set of genomes with a high degree of heterogeneity such as viruses, bacterial genes etc.
The Bay of Fundy’s 16 m (50 ft) high tides produce remarkable effects in the river estuaries and along the coast.
When Inman is seduced, for instance, he places his hand on the woman's leg, high up.
Evidence in this paper indicates that the comparatively high prostate cancer incidence rates in Utah are likely due to, at least in part, more aggressive screening among LDS.
Federal funding of such units should be given high priority by Congress.
Satellite blocks of 20 kilobases (kb) to 1 Mb are interrupted by 'islands' of 5-50 kb of complex sequences that contain a high density of transposable elements [ 22, 28, 29, 30].
Back on the Trans-Canada Highway towards Lake Louise, look to the east for the crenellated silhouette of Castle Mountain, 3,000 m (9,000 ft) high.
MARCKS-deficient mice have a high incidence of exencephaly, agenesis of the corpus callosum, and abnormalities other forebrain structure including widespread neocortical ectopias [ 46, 47].
We chose the αMHC promoter because others have demonstrated, using traditional transgenic procedures, that it directs high levels of reporter gene expression specifically in cardiac tissue of early mouse embryos [ 16 17 18 ] . Cells were selected for resistance to HAT following electroporation of the α MHC-LacZ transgene-containing plasmid.
For instance, in NIH 3T3 cells, expression of SV40 large T antigen (Tag) at high levels (~2 × 10 6molecules per G 1 cell) decreases the G 1 phase time by ~18% [ 3 11 ] . However, ~43% of this effect can be accounted for with the initial expression of ~ 6000-14,000 molecules per G 1 cell and ~87% can be accounted for by expression of ~ 103,000-133,000 molecules [ 3 11 ] .
Networks with high P values, where genes are mostly turned on or turned o by their inputs, also lie in the ordered regime.
Though UV light is a potent biocide and is present at high levels on the Mars surface, beneath the surface or under objects such as rocks, even the natural high flux of ultraviolet radiation on Mars will likely be greatly attenuated.
The backlash against natural-disaster movies shifts into high gear.
Our comparative modelling methods produce excellent models when the percentage identity between the target and corresponding template sequence is high (usually within 2.0 Å C α RMSD for > 30% identity).
The high degree of concordance between RT-PCR and microarray data (86%- reported in detail elsewhere [ 27 ] ) establishes a certain level of confidence in the results discussed throughout this manuscript.
In other words, a high fungal richness may be a superior indicator that conditions of the habitat are broadly favorable to fungi.
For God's sake, if a middle or high school principal in the area reads this item, get in touch with the Post and give this guy a jingle.
The DOTMAC/PFA method provided excellent morphological preservation and immunolabeling with high fluorescence intensity of actin stress fibers and microextensions (Figure 3Qand 3S).
There was a high responder frequency of 35-40% from age 15 through 54.
High/Scope Educational Research Foundation.
Otherwise, high season rates generally apply February through May and late July to the end of September.
Prenatal care and drug treatment facilitated each other through interacting requirements that women in detoxification programs receive prenatal care, and women in prenatal care abusing drugs receive high priority referrals for detoxification centers/programs (detox).
It should be emphasized that correcting the rates and probabilities had a large impact because of the high prevalence of hysterectomy.
Obviously I was well aware of the holy-shit factor, sufficiently high that it could swamp all discussion and become the sole focus of criticism.
In other studies we found the observed equilibrium dissociation constant ( obs K D ) of recombinant HA-NFATp for a high affinity NFAT site (mouse IL-4 promoter) to be 1 nM (data not shown).
There are several TV quiz programs in the UK and in the US in which the winners are those who are quickest at recognizing clichés, like come hell or high water , something that the rest of us spend a lot of time avoiding (though we can scarcely help knowing them).
The strengths of these Synechocystis arrays include: 1.) consistent and high DNA concentrations in each of over 11,000 spots per array; 2.) 3 replicates per probe per slide; and 3.) high signal-to-noise ratio.
These results indicate that the presence of high levels of CaM can reverse the effect of Siah1a on calcium current modulation, presumably by competing for binding on the C-terminal tail of the receptor.
Gore won the high ground on education by proposing a $115 billion school aid package while portraying Bradley as a voucher sympathizer.
The level of invention this year has been amazingly high, but few movies have maintained it consistently.
This phenomenon, commonly referred to as the French paradox, may be associated with high consumption of red wine [ 7, 8].
Pakistan's possible imminent test of a nuclear bomb leads at USA Today, and the Washington Post, and is also the subject of a Wall Street Journal piece tipped high in the paper's front-page news box.
It is estimated that mutations in up to 11% of all genes in Drosophila might lead to male sterility [ 1 ] . This is likely to be true for humans also, considering the extremely high incidence (4-5%) of infertility in men [ 2 ] . Among the genes associated with male infertility is the DAZ (Deleted in Azoospermia) gene family.
Beyond Câmara de Lobos, the coastal road climbs for some 10 km (6 miles), passing through some of the richest agricultural country in southern Madeira, famous for the high quality of its grapes.
But exposure levels in the Gulf were not high enough to cause such reactions.
Comparing Figure 9to Figure 3in [ 1 ] , we located several areas of high OPR for breast cancer near the cluster of low breast cancer incidence identified in the local Moran analysis [ 1 ] . We also note the cluster of high breast cancer SMR found on southeastern Long Island is in an area of low OPR [ 1 ] . Based on map inspection, overall there appears to be a negative relationship between OPR and breast cancer incidence so that clusters of high breast cancer incidence occur where OPR is low, and clusters of low incidence occur where OPR is high.
In spite of its limitations, our study suggests that the relative risk of cryptosporidiosis among AIDS patients from drinking tap water is high (adjusted OR, 23.
Apart from the present observations in sleep-deprived rats and mice, several other reports confirm that cortical levels of per expression in wild type animals are high at times when sleep drive is high, irrespective of the phase at which the circadian expression of per peaks in the SCN.
Political theory distinguishes between a hard state (a state with a relentlessly efficient, perhaps authoritarian, central government and a high regard for Darwinian market dynamics) and a soft state (which features messy pluralism and aggravating domestic politics in an environment of at least intermittent concern for the general welfare).
Recently, discovery that the Hint-homologous HNT1 gene is required for high temperature growth on galactose and observations that alleles of cak1 , kin28 , ccl1 and tfb3 are hypersensitive to loss of Hnt1 enzyme activity provided evidence that Hnt1 enzyme activity positively regulates Kin28 function, particularly on galactose media [ 9 ] . Though phenotypic consequences of hnt2 mutations have yet to be discovered, our observations suggest that synthetic lethal interactions with hnt2 mutations are likely to be found in adenine prototrophic strains undergoing heat shock.
A series of unrelated microdissected DCIS tumors for which no invasive component was present also show this high LOH frequency (58%) when measured at 18p11.
McGwire's homer was a high fly, as Niehaus attested, and as was confirmed by his broadcast partner Rick Rizzs, who marveled at the ball's hang time.
A quick and easy way to avoid overstating precision is appropriate rounding, as taught to high school science students (and largely ignored in health science reports, though a brief exposition of the point can be found in a recent epidemiology textbook [ [ 9 ] , p.
Yet a high level of correspondence has been previously shown to exist between self-reports and hospital records of hysterectomy [ 17 ] .
They said that because of those high school trips to the IRT, they have made professional theatre an integral part of their cultural lives.
Synonymous and non-synonymous substitution rates were calculated by the Synonymous/non-synonymous Analysis Program (SNAP) provided by Los Alamos National Laboratory http://hiv-web.lanl.gov/using the codon-based NA alignment of the high homology group.
Prices for drinks (especially for imported wines, spirits, and beers) are high for Beijing but are about on par with those in the West.
in vivo following transient forebrain ischemia [ 24 ] and also in vitro by rat neonatal microglia [ 41 ] . Because it is well established that AMPA glutamate receptors bind domoic acid with high affinity in the nanomolar range [ 25 ] , we investigated the presence of GluR4 in rat neonatal microglia used in our in vitro experiments by a dual-labeling indirect immunofluorescence technique.
One imagines that discriminating people in the 16 th century mourned the death of high fashion in much the same way, when slashed sleeves, grotesquely imitating the rags of mercenary soldiers, came into style.
If recruitment of Pop2p into a high molecular weight SCF complex required heterooligomerization with Pop1p, its elution profile would be expected to shift to a smaller size in the absence of Pop1p.
The preposterously high margins Apple was able to earn in the early-to-mid 1980s, when it was selling Apple IIs to dealers for three times cost and earning 72-percent gross profits on Macs, undoubtedly blinded the company to the fact that consumers would not ignore price forever.
From our other comparisons, it is fairly likely that some of these genes were given high scores in our analysis, so our comparison to the results of Sandberg et al.
Significantly direct labeling has thus far not provided as high a hybridization signal-to-noise ratio compared to the chemical coupling to cDNA approach.
Analysis of a plot of the degree of identical amino acid residues among the high homology group showed that a high degree of AA similarity existed in these same regions (data not shown).
The elements of this example, repeated across millions of individual tasks, encapsulates the difference between an advanced industrial economy with a high standard of living and a less developed country with a low standard of living.
Electrophoretic mobility shifts assays were done by mixing a radiolabeled oligonucleotide containing a consensus, high affinity C/EBP binding site (GATCGAGCCCCATTGCGCAATCATAGATC) together with extracts prepared from transfected cells as previously described [ 58 59 ] . Competition with the same, unlabeled oligonucleotide in 1, 10 or 100 molar excess of the radiolabeled probed indicated specific binding.
The fleece used in high end outdoor clothing is made by two textile firms: Malden Mills and Dyersburg, the Coke and Pepsi of fleece.
It is likely that liquid water exists at least transiently on the surface of some locations on Mars [ 16 ] . Because of the high reactivity of ferrate with water, especially under alkaline conditions, it is likely that these locations on Mars contain iron mostly in the non-toxic Fe(III)-oxyhydroxide state.
The third potential limitation is that serum β 2 microglobulin levels have not been shown to be associated with survival in HIV-infected patients on antiretroviral treatment, although high levels generally imply a higher burden of HIV infection.
In brief, the theory is that uninsured drivers cause high premiums, and high premiums cause uninsured drivers.
The DHS is a 20-year project conducting high quality national sample surveys on population and maternal and child health.
I had a thought for no one's but your ears:That you were beautiful, and that I stroveTo love you in the old high way of love;That it had all seemed happy, and yet we'd grownAs weary-hearted as that hollow moon.
Her profile is high enough that the publisher felt justified in putting her face on the cover of her new book, which is titled Release 2.0 . (Dyson says that the paperback edition, when it comes out, will be called Release 2.1 . Cute.)
Any public assistance recipient with a high school equivalency degree, 'a caring and compassionate personality' and the 'ability to read, write, and speak English'" could qualify, the story reported.
In the great scheme of things, of course, both Bradley and Gore have sufficiently high LCV ratings that one really shouldn't call into question either candidate's commitment to environmental protection.
Technology has been commercially demonstrated that runs Java programs at very high speed (e.g.
In order to determine if high intensity can compensate for low number of matched probe pairs, correlation was computed for different intensity levels of HuGeneFL for probe sets with specific number of common probe pairs.
The LAT budget story also goes high with Clinton's warning against any big new tax cuts.
It has also been shown recently that those who have high BMIs are likely to have decreased hip joint rotation and lower strength capacity as a consequence of obesity [ 21, 22], and this may detrimentally affect the loading patterns at the hip joint by fostering the repetitive application of greater axial loads than the hip joint can accommodate [ 19, 23].
It magnified the ratios of differential gene expression in power function, improved detection sensitivity and fidelity and reduced the requirement for starting material while maintaining high throughput.
In reality the high average is more likely the result of chance factors that coincided with left handed pitchers at ballpark X during that particular month.
This is likely because in this small study including 10 patients in each group, event rate was so high with all but one patient receiving transfusion.
 hybridized to bands in M. tuberculosis , M. avium , and M. smegmatis under high stringency conditions (data not shown).
A relatively high proportion of all serious bleeding events was found to be related to invasive procedures, as shown in Table 5. In the phase 3 trial (study F1K-MC-EVAD [PROWESS]), 53.
Like other metals (Ca 2+and Mg 2+), free VO 2+inhibited the nucleotidase activities of sCD39 at high concentration (data not shown).
Belatedly, Weld is trying to regain the moral high ground.
(The magazine revised its methodology to reward high spending on instruction.)
"If you're going to talk about a higher standard, you're going to have to live by them," Gore said, clearly delighted to be yanking Bradley off his high horse.
We use a test statistic based on the genes' object scores to select genes with high variance with respect to the principal components.
Here you’re on part of the John Muir Trail (see page 39), which heads past Merced Lake and on to the lovely Tuolumne Meadows up in the high country.
He scored 18 points in the fourth quarter, 36 for the game, making him the high scorer.
[ 51 ] At four weeks her thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) concentration was found to be very high (44.
If there's one thing that microeconomics has demonstrated, it is that it's hard to keep your profit margins high if you're in the wheat-growing business.
Ligament tearing occurs more than bony avulsion in mode III that is associated with high strain rates.
The mixture was then heated for 2 minutes at 99°C, briefly centrifuged at high speed, and maintained at 42°C until the hybridization with the DNA microarray was begun.
GST-Cdc6 eluted from the beads following high salt wash failed to show any DNA binding activity (Fig.
Multiple surgeries have left me somewhat "ambulatory impaired" and unable to wear skirts/dresses with high heels.
Although this comparison represents probe sets with the worst correlation coefficients, it was specifically chosen because most research labs tend to use HuGeneFL chips with the old scanner ("high gain") settings and HG-U95A chips with the new scanner ("low gain") settings, due to a change in Affymetrix recommendations.
With the rare exception, just about every tech bellwether that's reported has come in ahead of expectations, and those were expectations that were about as high as any reasonable person could put them.
During prolonged mid-19 th -century conflagrations like the American Civil War and the Crimean War, battlefield casualties were unprecedentedly high and civilian casualties were increasingly considered inevitable.
The rationale for the restriction c p (i) >= 2 is that without it a pathway could get a high score simply from having single members in one or more rare clusters, in which case the score would no longer reflect co -clustering.
Fetuses of diabetic mothers with uncontrolled blood glucose levels tend to be hyperglycemic and hyperinsulinemic [ 1 ] . An increased incidence of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) has been observed in infants of diabetic mothers [ 1 ] . RDS is caused by inadequate amounts of pulmonary surfactant due to delayed lung development [ 2 ] . It has been proposed that high insulin levels can delay lung development in the fetus of the diabetic mother [ 3 ] .
The Fifth Element alternates between high solemnity and low buffoonery, without for a second finding the ideal middle ground.
(Hats off to the LAT for putting the number of bartenders high up.)
p35 was purified as high salt (300 mM NaCl) eluate from the GST-Cdc6 beads.
Olson criticizes Cameron's findings that gays experience "shockingly high rates of violent death."
Histological examination indicated that macrophages accounted for a high proportion of the chemokine binding, so to confirm this observation, representative sections were immunostained with CD68 as a marker of monocytes/macrophages, then processed for autoradiogaphy.
Large families lived in high tenements, sharing a well with hundreds of other families.
We also prepared cell lysates from primary trophoblast cultures (= high p27 positive control), which were established and processed as described previously [ 18 ] .
In general, we tried to obtain CO 2 concentrations in the range of 100-250 ppm above background levels during high ventilation intervention cycles and 350-500 ppm above background in low ventilation intervention cycles.
Preincubation of neurons with high concentrations of neurotrophins for 5 to 24 hours blocks the neurite-growth inhibitory effects of myelin [ 35].
I couldn't let days dribble by in the routine of high school grammar, spelling, vocabulary, digging for the deeper meaning in poetry, bits of literature doled out for the multiple choice tests that would follow so that universities can be supplied with the best and the brightest.
They recently developed guidelines ("Protocol Formats") on how to perform high quality validity and reliability studies of spinal palpatory procedures, which are available on their web site [ 9 ] . They recommend the use of valid palpatory tests so that homogeneous populations with spinal musculoskeletal dysfunction can be selected and treated as part of a controlled clinical trial.
The WKY rat also carries this mutation and a high dietary intake of phytosterols will also increase the blood pressure and decrease the density of platelets, though to a lower extent than that observed in SHRSP rats [ 20 ] . These data support a pathological role of elevated plant sterols in these rats and support the notion that the STSL loci evolved to not only allow for the excretion of cholesterol into bile, but also to keep 'xeno-sterols' from accumulating in the body.
7), and those with low demand (averaging 1,300 units a week) and high demand variation (Cv= 1.3).
Both stories go high with the gizmo's price: $125 million.
These results indicate that monoclonal antibody NMT-1 (carboxyl terminal) and the polyclonal antibodies NMT-4 (amino terminal) and NMT-5 (mid-region) detect nmt55/p54 nrbprotein with high affinity and high specificity.
By microarray analysis, it is very difficult to distinguish between two genes that share a high degree of sequence similarity.
He became a priest, but his reformist zeal soon earned him enmity in high places.
South of the market region, a thirty-minute walk or ten-minute taxi ride, is The Citadel (Al-Qal’a), a massive fortification built on high ground in the early 13th century to protect the city from Crusaders.
Since the presently characterized mammalian yCCR4 ortholog has conserved the ability to bind yPOP2 homologs and displays high sequence similarities with yCCR4 in the nuclease core domain, it suggests that the mammalian yCCR4 orthologs might also be associated with a deadenylase function.
The levels of AA and DHA chosen were similar to that previously shown in rats to affect neurotransmitter levels and behavior [ 96 ] ; and were not excessively high, being 2-3 fold higher than that recommended for human babies who have a slower Δ6 desaturase activity than rodents.
The plot is labyrinthine and the body count high, but critics agree that the film is "dark, dangerous, and a great deal of wicked, amoral fun" (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ). Many compare Ritchie's style to Quentin Tarantino's.
The growth of the Hispanic population is due to high birth rates and immigration . Hispanic birth rates are significantly higher than average, because of Hispanics' lower median age, higher poverty levels, and enduring cultural values that place a premium on large families.
The low point might have to be a Globe story titled "Lisa Kudrow's friendly trip to the hairdresser," complete with a photo of Kudrow--whose expression suggests she may have just realized she's not alone--with her head piled high with silver foils.
On the other hand, demand, where demand is also plotted on the y-axis, decreases from high to low as prices increase.
But USAT is alone in commenting up high on an even more remarkable fact: For the first time ever, a president's wife is running for office.
The battle would probably be won by now, were it not for the fact that the truth-dodgers have managed to lay a false claim to the moral high ground.
Alpha1 adrenergic antagonists have been shown to inhibit pudendal reflexes in anesthetized cats [ 24 25 26 ] . However, a systemic dose of prazosin (alpha1 antagonist) did not inhibit the EUS EMG activity during high frequency oscillations in the rat [ 27 ] . Thus, although alpha1 antagonism has been shown to modulate pudendal reflexes in the cat, their role in modulating the activity of the EUS during micturition in the rat appears unclear.
Participants in the upper quartile of GLSCF consumption were later re-contacted and asked to donate blood as were controls matched by geographic region and age to the high GLSCF consumers (approximately 48% and 30% response rates, respectively).
On the lower left, high blue and low red secretors are coplated.
EMG = electromyogram EUS = external urethral sphincter MAP = mean arterial pressure CMG = cystometrogram BC = bladder capacity PT = pressure threshold PP = peak pressure ET = expulsion time HFO = high frequency oscillations MV = micturition volume RV = residual volume CT = contraction time
The combination of these factors suggests that high variance SKUs are the best candidates for a plant with short lead times—the higher direct costs of production are balanced by the reduction in inventory carrying costs resulting from the shorter manu-facturing lead times.
Part of the high prices can be attributed to soaring costs for clinical trials--up to $150 million a year--and new, expensive chemical ingredients for drugs.
The compounds tested generally inhibited CV-1 cell growth at high concentrations, and 3H-thymidine uptake in HeLa cells by 50% only at concentrations above 20 μg/mL except for Co(III)TPP(2,6-F2)S (CC 50 < 5 μg/mL).
"Failed pitch for the next season's Real World : Wacky high jinks ensue when a group of reproductive-rights activists are picked to live in a neoclassical beaux-arts science institution on Central Park West and have their lives taped for a 24-hour news channel."
The 13-story tower is 58 m (190 ft) high and is decorated with fine Buddhist carvings.
In the sham-operated mice, mass of food intake was significantly decreased in mice on the high fat diet compared to the chow-fed mice (Fig.
The manager said he thought that the cost to comply with the new standard would be very expensive, especially the cost of the supplied air respirator (air-purifying respirators are not permitted for methylene chloride exposure prevention due to high breakthrough volume and limited warning properties).
An incriminating missive has fallen into the hands of an unscrupulous fortune hunter, Mrs. Cheveley (Julianne Moore), who's happy to destroy it if Chiltern trashes his high ideals and throws his support to a real-estate scam in which his blackmailer is heavily invested.
WNT2 (wingless-type MMTV integration site family member 2) was part of a small gene cluster with high expression in normal male foreskin fibroblasts that distinguished these samples from all other fibroblasts (Figure 2).
But Chatterbox has learned from another source that Gore may not have been truthful when he made the separate claim that he "never got high enough to get the munchies," as he told CNN's Larry King in 1996.
The film is set in '63, I guess, before the civil-rights movement kicked into really high gear, and underneath the liberal veneer of many a Hanks film I sense some creepy nostalgia for this simpler time.
Alignment A produces high Z scores when the M1 profiles of nonKir families are compared to each other and when the KirBac families are compared to the Kir family.
Despite its decline as a result of widespread antiretroviral therapy and chemoprophylaxis, PCP has remained a common complication in patients with HIV infection [ 2 3 ] . In a prospective multicenter study of HIV seropositive patients, for 79% of those with a CD4 +lymphocyte count < 200/μL receiving PCP chemoprophylaxis, the rate of first episode PCP was 3.3 per 100 person-years [ 4 ] . Although actual data were not available, high rates of noncompliance with and lack of access to antiretroviral therapy and chemoprophylaxis were likely in our study population, which included a significant number of medically underserved patients without perceived risk for HIV.
Demand for a legal education remains high.
If markets were willing to give the country the benefit of the doubt--if, say, they were willing to hold Brazilian debt at a real interest rate only twice as high as that on U.S. bonds--Brazil's budget deficit would not look scary at all.
Only 25 genes were selected by permutation tests and are labeled with gene symbols in Figure 5. These genes show high variance across the treatment groups and are highly reproducible.
Treat your little “ladies and gentlemen” to high tea.
It may not be coincidental that BRCA1 -mutant breast cancers are preferentially linked to a 'specific' histopathologic pattern that includes a high S-phase fraction of cells, aneuploidy, and hormone receptor-negative status [ 45].
A high level of representation in a cDNA library generally correlates with high transcript abundance in the original biological sample [ 33 ] , although artifacts of library construction can result in selection for or against representation of some transcripts.
In yeast and animal cells, a single concatamer insert can be visualized with high resolution and fidelity, and the application of this technique has provided new insights on chromosome behavior [ 15, 16, 17].
The WSJ sees things pretty much the same way, going high with the report's claim that people in cars hit broadside by SUVs are 27 times more likely to die as the SUVs occupants.
Secondary structure predictions indicate a high α-helical content for these proteins.
At HGSC, unfinished BAC sequences were used to produce chromosome X (1-11) and chromosome 3L arm assemblies if the unfinished portion of the BAC was limited to one or two short (1-10 kb) regions of the clone but was high quality everywhere else.
Levin and coworkers [ 9 ] also reported a high incidence of nephrotoxicity (37%), especially in patients who already had compromised renal function [ 9 ] . Because most of the patients in both studies were seriously ill, it is highly probable that at least part of the reported toxicity was the result not of the drug but of the disease.
First, using a constant cutoff demands that the microarrays exhibit high reproducibility.
The cross gene error model references for support the two component error model proposed by Rocke et al [ 9 ] and Durbin et al [ 10 ] but those papers made it very clear that true replication could not be circumvented, especially to estimate variances for genes with high expression.
gypsy -derived envelope proteins together with a high level of significance as would be predicted from studies of other gypsy genes [ 18], but it also linked two of the major categories of the gypsy sequences to the baculovirus ld130 group with similar levels of significance.
Other works [ 21 ] indicate that global optimalization of the l 1norm of expansion's coefficients might be the best choice [ 17 ] , but, in spite of recent advances in linear programming, computational complexity is still very high.
Critics give high marks to the computer-enhanced special effects but are divided on the merits of the ambitious plot and the everything-but-the-kichen-sink filmic provenance, from Soylent Green to Terminator 2 to Hong Kong actioners.
-had a high sensitivity (40% to 70%).
2) Many of the poorer rural communities that have applied for the subsidy lack the high speed phone lines that make the Internet worthwhile, keeping them Internet have-nots.
No estimate of this is available but if the growth is high, the postal service loss for the program could be low, which would yield a discount larger than 4.5¢.
The results from RT-PCR (showing a relatively high TNF-α mRNA expression levels in untreated cells which is only slightly increased by LPS treatment) along with the immunoassay results suggest that TNF-α mRNA is constantly present in these cells, but is not translated into protein until certain triggers are provided.
This is consistent with an early observation of dissociation of the enzyme-DNA complex in high salt upon addition of Mg 2+ [ 13 ] . It has also been reported [ 14 ] that addition of Mg 2+was apparently not required for observation of this reversal of cleavage.
Reduced possibility of DO depletion from high COD and/or BOD, or ill effects from metabolic wastes from organisms in the test solutions.
Given the K m values for the high and low affinity components (see below), this excess should abolish most of the high affinity uptake but have little to no effect on the low affinity uptake.
The following parameters were examined from the cystometrogram as described in detail earlier [ 7 ] : bladder capacity (amount of fluid infused to elicit a contraction); micturition volume (amount of fluid expelled); residual volume ([bladder capacity - micturition volume]/ [bladder capacity]); pressure threshold (pressure at which contraction begins); peak pressure (maximal pressure during contraction); contraction time; expulsion time (time between peak pressure and end of high frequency oscillations); amplitude of high frequency oscillations.
It should be noted however that even under these conditions the high frequency correlation, for example, indicates that about 19% (0.
We will be providing more selfhelp training to clients enabling them to navigate the legal system on their own in routine matters, more assistance on the telephone, and less direct representation by attorneys in specific, high impact matters.
But doctors are afraid to prescribe high doses for fear of lawsuits and licensing investigations.
These include: low sibling relative risks due to the high population prevalence; presence of multiple genetic loci, each contributing a small portion of the sibling relative risk; incomplete penetrance of genetic loci; environmental risk factors; late age at onset; and phenocopies, i.e. disease due to purely environmental factors.
Because high doses of MG induce vomiting, oedema, dizziness and androgen-like side-effects, the ideal effective concentration is difficult to obtain in vivo . Therefore, the search for new drugs with low toxicity is in progress to meet an urgent need for clinical applications.
This mutant accumulates Pcu1p exclusively in a form carrying the stimulatory Nedd8p modification, due to a defect in COP9/signalosome-mediated cullin deneddylation [ 24 25 ] . Replacing wild-type ubiquitin by a mutant lacking all lysine residues prevented the formation of high molecular weight products (Fig.
The occurrence of high risk mammographic patterns, for example, was associated with the weight of the placenta, the main estrogen-producing organ during pregnancy [ 33].
Numerical evidence shows that, for K > inputs per gene, a sucient bias toward a high fraction of genes with a sucient number of canalyzing inputs drives networks from the chaotic into the ordered regime.
The tax cuts are also on the front pages at the NYT and WP . As the LAT explains, Japan's increasingly high savings rate has only exacerbated the Asian economic crisis, by drying up a big export market for the floundering neighboring economies.
You’ll be able to play alongside the “high rollers” at the roulette or craps tables or put a few coins in the slot machines.
The price indication given is for a double room, with breakfast, including service and taxes (currently 5 percent of room price) in high season (generally April–October).
Occasionally, these eras occur on a rather high level of sophistication, such as engaging in self-flatulation .
The proposed shaving methods search for clusters of genes showing both high variation across the samples, and coherence (correlation) across the genes.
The Carnot cycle begins with the piston pressed up near the top of the cylinder, the working gas is compressed and hot, indeed, it is as hot as the high temperature T1.
This binding is enhanced by high concentrations of reduced folate cofactors.
However, once either high volume or high density is achieved, the opportunities for further reductions in average unit costs by increases in either volume or density are minimal.
However, with increasing concentration of CSC, NHBEs showed as high as 20% apoptosis, while A549 cells remained unchanged.
Gourmets award Macau high marks for dependable Chinese cooking with an exotic bonus: Portuguese food and wines.
In the 49 years since Giannini's death, the 94-year-old BofA has discarded much of the old way, but even today the bank supports urbanity high and low.
The high throughput only applied to the analysis of the abundance of fingerprints, as in contrast to the SCA, no new fingerprints could be generated by the mixed analysis.
We observed MP-release from HUVEC after short-time treatment only with high concentrations (10 μM) of A23187.
The objective was to get up in the air-as fast and as high as possible-and then decide where to go.
Developmental changes had to be consistently present in multiple sections from the same region to be regarded as real, and conclusions were drawn only from high quality sections.
Indeed, copper futures have been the object of massive speculative selling by the likes of George Soros, precisely because informed players believed that Hamanaka was keeping the price at artificially high levels, and that it would eventually plunge.
Assemblies, homecoming week festivities, car wash fund-raisers, pep rallies, proms, graduation ceremonies--these rituals instill in their participants the "school spirit" that persuades many alumni to return to town every five years for reunions to celebrate high school's glory days.
This may lead to increased detritivore growth and decreased stress due to deficiencies in abiotic factors, as evidenced by the mosquitoes in high leaf litter treatments being unaffected by habitat size and shape.
The mortality rate can be as high as 60-70% in cases with multi-organ failure [ 1 ] , and several pharmacological agents have been used in an effort to reduce this percentage [ 2 ] .
Her second appearance--a lone attack on Irontown to assassinate Lady Eboshi--is one of the movie's high points.
Some of the genes they identified are also given high scores by our tests, adding further support to the validity of our results.
Pyridine-2,6-bis(thiocarboxylic acid) (pdtc) is an iron-regulated metabolite produced by certain pseudomonads that is highly reactive towards metals by virtue of a pair of thiocarboxylate groups and ring nitrogen that combine to form a non-specific, high affinity, tri-dentate ligand (Figure 1) [ 1 2 ] . The formation constants for Co, Cu, and Fe complexes of pdtc were determined to be greater than 10 33 [ 3 ] . Uptake studies using 59Fe showed that addition of pdtc to the growth medium of two different pdtc-producing pseudomonads increased the efficiency of iron uptake by 20% [ 1 ] . The contribution of pdtc to iron uptake may be due to the fact that the copper complex of pdtc (Cu:pdtc) has the ability to reduce both soluble and mineral forms of ferric iron) [ 1 ] . Not surprisingly, in light of its high affinity for essential metals, pdtc also exhibits antimicrobial activity [ 4 ] .
Extended regions of high CpG island density, such as the terminus of 1p and 1q21-q22, are apparent in the FISH assay.
Average NREMS bout duration, a measure of NREMS consolidation that is positively correlated with a high homeostatic sleep pressure [ 13 ] , was greater by 34% in
In addition, a possible opportunistic fungal, mycobacterial, or other atypical infection was raised with the high fevers, low grade DIC, and disseminated granulomas that persisted after SSZ discontinuation.
Branching out from its "Best Colleges" franchise, the magazine describes what makes an outstanding high school and identifies 96 top schools in six cities.
High ratios of biological control: pathogen strain should be easily achieved in field situations by dipping the roots of planting stock in suspensions of the biological control strain, or by directly applying the bacterial suspension to the planting bed.
Hence, some abnormal term placentae appear to preserve syncytium in a younger state, accompanied by high secretion of hCG.
Long known as a place of high spiritual energy, this is now the home of a new Four Seasons Resort and Jack Nicklaus golf course, with more high-end development planned.
These results, as well as the high therapeutic ratios observed, indicate that these compounds represent attractive candidates as antiviral agents to control poxvirus infection.
Horizontal ultrathin, high throughput fluorescence-based DNA fragment gel electrophoresis (GTI-9600; Genesys Technologies, Inc, Sauk City, WI, USA) was applied to the separation and analysis of PCR-generated alleles as previously described [ 4].
The flu crisis caused the Cathay Pacific airline to stop serving chicken on its flights to Taiwan, where panic was high, though it continued to serve Brazilian frozen chicken on other flights.
1. Their locations are also indicated in Table 1. The mutant proteins were expressed in the pET expression system, where all gave medium or high levels of expression.
It is not true that the Texas, Florida and California plans, which guarantee the top 10 percent of each high school graduating class admission to a state university, have been "heralded" by Ward Connerly, as reported in this article.
After all, researchers into cancer, heart disease, virology, and bacteriology would look quite foolish were they to adopt the high moral ground by damning the causes of disease as sinful or bad.
These estimates are systematically deflated by a failure to discover recombinations in sparsely mapped regions (regions where the recombination fraction c is as high as 0.1) but are inflated by residual typing errors and errors of marker order.
In “From Hero to Celebrity,” Daniel Boorstin points out that soon after Charles Lindbergh acquired a reputation as a pro-Nazi and accepted a decoration from Hitler, the Lindbergh Beacon atop a Chicago skyscraper was renamed the Palmolive Beacon , and high in the Colorado Rockies Lindbergh Peak was given the more obscure name of Lone Eagle Peak .
Single nucleotide discrimination is achieved at the ligation step by the use of the thermostable DNA ligase, Ampligase, which has a high affinity for a perfectly matched substrate at the 3' end of a DNA molecule [ 17 ] . We were able to enhance allele discrimination at the ligation step by designing the OCP such that the 5' complementary region is firmly hybridized to the target sequence whereas the 3' region is in equilibrium with its target at the ligation temperature [ 12 ] . This would result in increased specificity since the correctly matched OCP will have a greater chance to act as substrate for the ligase.
Since many senators who think Clinton is guilty of lying and covering up aren't willing to declare him guilty of "high crimes" and remove him from office, the resolution is designed to let them affirm the former without the latter.
High levels of α LCTX are indicative of an increased bone resorption.
Then we turn around and make them take a "foreign" language in high school!
Gill's high lonesome tenor voice is a national treasure, and his success at pulling in Grammies and Country Music Awards shows that popularity and artistic merit sometimes coincide.
Lung surfactant synthesis and connective tissue maturation allow the lungs to become distensible and capable of coping with high surface tension.
7 billion annually [ 1 ] . Despite advances in supportive intensive care and use of appropriate antibiotics, the mortality associated with sepsis remains high, especially among those who develop hemodynamic shock [ 2 3 4 ] . Such patients frequently progress to multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, which results in a much higher mortality rate than among patients who do not develop such complications [ 3 5 6 7 ] . This life-threatening syndrome is largely attributed to the cardiovascular abnormalities associated with septic shock, requiring supportive therapy (e.g.
During the 1956 presidential elections the Hudson County Democratic Committee in New York erected a huge billboard sign high atop a gasoline station near the Holland Tunnel, which people driving into and out of Manhattan could not help seeing.
The NEA does still support some elitist high culture, including the Metropolitan Museum and the Seattle Opera.
Area of Inquiry--Does the configuration of programs promote the likelihood that all providers will have relatively equal access to the resources, expertise, information and experience necessary to provide high quality legal services consistent with state and national standards of provider performance?
 , America's high schools are still severely segregated.
Because of the relatively high abundance of many RP transcripts, even comparably small changes in expression could be detected at this level of significance.
The correlation coefficient between amplified and unamplified sample and the yield of aRNA amplified without DNA ligase are high enough to suggest that DNA ligase activity is not necessary for RNA amplification in microarray analysis.
On average, the lower number of docking solutions in the cluster for all MD simulation time scales indicates that the ligands bind to their binding pocket with high specificity.
"A walk on a high wire ...
A polymath and an autodidact with no degree beyond high school, Smith had too many ideas.
We would also predict that a high prevalence of pathogens would select for greater levels of anti-fungal defense by plant species adapted to moist habitats.
For three of the high elevation sites (Francis, Racetrack, and Strawberry in Northern Utah), we used records from Alta, Utah, a site with similar altitude and location (within 100 km of the three sites).
These performance characteristics imply that the array design for this effort can accommodate the study of essentially any P. falciparum strain with a high degree of specificity.
For both DGCr1 and r2, custom oligonucleotide primers designed using Autofinish [ 10] were used to bring the sequences to high quality.
The rest of the sequences showed a high degree of variability.
studies, this provides for a high probability of cost growth and schedule delays to occur.
In his poem, Birches , Robert Frost describes a custom among country boys of climbing birch trees to the very crown, so high the tree can no longer support them but bends over submissively and lowers them to the ground.
On the other hand, the paper said that recognition of the importance of compromise was better than open confrontation, especially in a region regarded by both sides as vital to their interests and where troops were kept in a state of high combat readiness.
However, once either high volume or high density is achieved, the opportunities for further reductions in average unit costs by increases in either volume or density are minimal.
High marks for the new $450 million wing of Washington's "downtown" airport.
Thus, the "bitter" component of saccharin can be seen only at high concentrations and is reflected in a more prominent NG response.
The measurement of CTX isoforms, and the ratios between the native α Lform and the age-modified forms of CTX, indicative of the age of the resorbed collagen fragments, may thus provide clinical useful information for diagnosing and monitoring bone metastasis occurrence in cancer patients [ 11 ] . Such an application of the CTX bone resorption markers may be especially relevant for breast cancer patients, who have a high risk of developing bone metastases.
Peptide activators are recovered from random peptide libraries at high frequency.
High levels of BMP-4 mRNA continue to be expressed in the TE of the CL throughout luteogenes, i.e. luteinization (E 0200 h to DI 1100 h), and luteolysis (DII 1100 h to E 0200 h the next cycle) (Fig.
[ 27 ] and neighbouring Brazil [ 28 ] , but it is in line with the high prevalence of any breastfeeding at 7 months in the Simondon et al.
For each one they rated the statement on a 1-to-6 scale of importance, (ranging from "no importance" to "very high importance").
We further expected that if weight is implicated in producing damage at the hip joint, the prevalence of high body mass indices (BMIs) might be higher in patients with hip OA than in the general population.
Brief physician and nurse practitioner-delivered counseling for high risk drinkers.
At 79 m (260 ft) wide and 36 m (118 ft) high, it was built by the Ptolemies during a total reconstruction of the temple in the years 237–105 b.c.
They sold goods at a lower markup than specialty stores and, above all, concentrated on achieving a high level of stock-turn (or the number of times products turn over in a given year).
Society people intimidate her--"Despite my own background and actually having been born there, I always felt like a country girl in New York"--no matter that her parents had introduced her to high society while she was still in diapers, and that she had frolicked with the Paleys, the Whitneys, and the Mellons as an adult.
The most famous of these predictions came just before the stock-market crash of 1929, when Yale Professor Irving Fisher reassured investors that stock prices had attained a "permanently high plateau."
In the past, whenever general stock prices have gotten as high relative to fundamentals as they are today, the next decade has been an extremely bad one in which to invest in the stock market.
It might have been even better if it had been less bound by formula; the writer-director, David O. Russell, is working at such a high level of inspiration--and outrage--that the structure he has employed can't fully contain the emotions he kicks up.
That was among the latest ideas suggested in a proposed study that would search for a link between the landfill's contaminants and high rates of illness around it.
This rough calculation is probably too high by several orders of magnitude, even for antibody molecules.
A similar little/ great, low/high distinction--that is, birds that are not exactly of a feather.
p(NFAT) 3 -E1b-CAT, used as template DNA in the in vitro transcription assays, was created by inserting three direct copies of the murine IL-4 high affinity NFAT site (region -82 to -64 of the murine IL-4 promoter) into the Xba I site of plasmid E1b-CAT.
A promising marker should have a high degree of accuracy in discriminating between subjects who are likely to get cancer from those who are not.
In a standard English auction, where the high bidder pays his own bid, bidders usually try to "lowball"--that is, to bid less than they're willing to pay, in the hope of walking away with a bargain.
We also include data from additional experiments collected under constant high temperature (27°C) [ 23 ] . These data were collected after the submission of the earlier report.
An alternative to the use of a small intestinal feeding tube is to place a regular orogastric or nasogastric tube into the stomach and to use a promotility agent in those patients who are at high risk for gastroparesis or in those who develop high gastric residuals (>150-250 ml).
Both neuroleptics decreased the EMG during phase 2, where high frequency oscillations occur in the bladder pressure along with bursting in the EUS, with the highest dose of olanzapine (1.
The gradual loss of gene order is easily seen, and it is apparent that regions of high gene order conservation coexist with regions in which no conservation can be found.
Postoperative morbidity and mortality after hepatobiliary operations, especially in cancer patients, has traditionally been perceived as being high.
Nearby in Century City, the Museum of Tolerance (9786 West Pico Boulevard) uses high technology to explore and encourage understanding between cultures.
But they haven't been going on TV, or on the floor of Congress, shooting their mouths off, trying to take the moral high ground against Clinton.
Epigenetic gene silencing of the MGMT confers enhanced sensitivity to alkylating agents in cancer [ 24 25 ] . Lack of methylation, on the other hand, associates with high-risk of death [ 25 26 ] . It has been suggested that the high-levels of MGMT proteins contribute to a drug-resistant phenotype [ 27 ] . More than 90% of newly diagnosed GCTs and 70-80% of patients who present metastatic disease are cured with cisplatin-based chemotherapy [ 28 ] . However, 20-30% of the patients with metastatic disease exhibit resistance to the cisplatin curative regimen leading to high mortality in this group.
The Wall Street Journal notes high up that spending will increase by tens of billions of dollars from last year and will break appropriations caps set by the 1997 balanced budged agreement.
Thus, the high coincidental expression of iNOS and VEGF and p53 protein accumulation may be important events to enhance gastric carcinogenesis and poorly clinical features and may be useful biomarkers to assess risk for the development of GC.
Previous studies have indicated that these characteristics are associated with more aggressive PSA screening and, because of the high prevalence of asymptomatic prostate cancer in the population, subsequent prostate cancer diagnosis.
Recent evidence indicates that the cytokine, leukemia inhibitory factor (LIF) and its functional binding to the high affinity receptor, a heterodimer between low-affinity LIFR and glycoprotein 130 (LIFR:gp130), are players within the HPA cascade of events.
Recent ideas on the origin of life suggest that early cellular structures were abiotic iron-sulfur formations at submarine hydrothermal vents in the Hadean ocean, in which basic biochemical and metabolic processes could have developed before the formation of cell membranes [ 39 40 ] . As well as iron and sulfur, hydrothermal areas are often are often characterized by high levels of arsenic [ 41 ] and may even contain arsenic redox active microbial communities [ 42 ] . Given the integral role of phosphate in early (and current) cellular metabolism [ 39 ] , an ability to reduce the levels of arsenate (a phosphate analog) might have been an essential biochemical process.
The $40,000 per year boarding school boasts a 2-to-1 student-faculty ratio and a high concentration of royalty.
You could get a nicotine fix by just opening the door of any decent student lounge in high school.
However, strategic human capital management is a pervasive challenge in the federal government, and is one of the governmentwide areas that we have identified as high risk.
The potential sporocidal activity of a combination of a powerful soil oxidant (permanganate) and high fluxes of UV light was also examined.
Suddenly rearing up out of the flat lands south of Algaida, the 542-m- (1,778-ft-) high Puig de Randa is crowned by a monastery founded in the 13th century by the Mallorcan sage Ramón Llull.
The report prompted further calls for an independent counsel, on the grounds that a high government official (Gore) had violated the law by making political calls from a federal building.
S. cerevisiae SWI/SNF [ 3 ] , Ino80 complex [ 4 ] , Drosophila NURF [ 5 ] are examples of some high molecular weight chromatin remodelling factors which can facilitate transcription by binding to chromatinized DNA templates.
The scenic Yosemite Valley is a perfect example of a glacier-carved canyon, with its sheer granite walls 3,200ft (975m) high plunging to a flat floor of woods and wild-flower meadows, enclosing the waters of the Merced River.
The possible damage induced by the electroporation could not be easily determined due to the high background of necrosis in the tumour tissue, but if it occurs it could only add to the therapeutic effect.
One of best ways to obtain uniformly high quality services is to ensure that grantees' legal work management and supervision is rigorous and effective.
[ 21 ] . However, Heliothis virescens (tobacco budworm) APN is only 45% identical and 53% similar to B. mori APN, yet it binds Cry1Aa toxin with high affinity [ 23 ] . Moreover, sequence alignments with APN from Lactobacillus , Streptococcus , Saccharomyces , Arabidopsis , rat, pig, yeast, and human yielded more similarity than H. virescens APN to the putative Cry1Aa-binding region of B. mori APN.
Small, private high schools face a constant pressure to raise funds in order to keep up with the public funded schools with their unlimited access to taxpayer dollars.
It is, also, characterized by moderate consumption of wine (1 - 2 wineglasses/day) and high monounsaturated: saturated fat ratio (> 2).
That's why populations with low calcium consumption manage to form healthy skeletons, and high calcium consumers don't develop bones like mastodons.
Log transformation of the data also can minimize the impact of outliers with high signals.
The K m values characteristics of the high affinity uptake component (all around 0.4 μM) are comparable to the estimated intracellular concentration of free (non-enzyme bound) cytosolic ThDP of around 3 μM [ 4 ] . This suggests that the high affinity uptake system is the physiologically relevant mechanism responsible for ThDP entry into mitochondria.
Since one of the characteristics of autoimmune vasculopathies is the appearance of high numbers of γ/δ-TCR [ 16 ] bearing cells, we studied this cell type in our model of vascular disease.
Local brands of spirits are the cheapest, though rarely of high quality, and most international brands are also bargains.
1343; behind the high altar).
In the transgenic line expressing high levels of human wild-type β-catenin, significant amounts of FLAG epitope-tagged protein were detected, however overall β-catenin levels were only slightly increased, suggesting the mechanisms that normally regulate β-catenin level were able to compensate for the addition of the human transgenic protein.
That is, a surprise cocaine high that strikes at random.
Fertile land and high rainfall have brought prosperity to this part of Bali, without the debatable benefits of tourism.
Analysis of a plot of the degree of identical amino acid residues among the high homology group showed that a high degree of AA similarity existed in these same regions (data not shown).
10 6plaques were probed under high stringency, and 18 positive plaques were purified.
Don’t just assume that a high price guarantees original work.
Prices are usually high.
The answer, as pointed out in the same Newsweek article Mastio mentions, is for consumers to rely more on locally produced food, and to be willing to support farmers and pay more for high quality, safe food.
The high estimate: 5,000 killed and 150,000 left homeless.
The results show that ADGE microarray improves the sensitivity and fidelity of detection and reduces the requirement for starting material while maintaining the high throughput of regular microarray.
I can remember being greatly embarrassed once when I was trying to explain in Spanish about my being embarrassed, and how shocked my high school amigos were when I announced, they thought, that I was pregnant ( embarazada ). Incidentally, the last time we were in Guatemala we often heard the beautiful expression for `being pregnant,' tener gracia `to have grace' or `to be blessed.
How can you gain the moral high ground, that lofty crag from which to hurl down scorn, when your native city--what's the word?
All samples were run in the same assay with high and low controls.
The fraction of high responders was essentially constant from early adulthood through middle age, but reduced in children (<15 years) and old age (>55 years).
Here, orders from on high bring meaning, a glimpse of a more divine purpose.
When a dilution factor of 0.3 is used, the NOEC could be considered to have a relative variability as high as ± 300%.
Provision of basic public health services were compromised, including repairing antiquated water and sewer systems, resulting in increased risk for gastroenteritis and infections with hepatitis A [ 11 ] ; the largest documented outbreak of typhoid in this century occurred in Tajikistan in February 1997 [ 12 ] . Practices such as reusing syringes during vaccination and poor sterilization procedures during dentistry have contributed to nosocomial outbreaks of HIV and a high prevalence of infections with hepatitis B [ 13 ] .
The LAT high up says that yesterday's failure "measurably increases the odds" that Clinton will choose not to go ahead with a national missile shield.
Expression was maintained at high levels from this stage through ovulation (Fig.
The anti-independence forces, labeled "gangs" high up by the two Times (although the word is never used by the WP ), had by late Sunday set fire to numerous buildings in the territorial capital of Dili and shot "scores" of Timorese there and elsewhere on the island.
1b) in a manner similar to that of cellular uptake, with both a high and low affinity component.
Secretary of the Army Louis Caldera has announced a plan that will put more guns in American high schools.
Clozapine abolished the electromyogram (EMG) recorded from the EUS during the rising phase of a bladder contraction before urine is voided (similar to the "guarding reflex" [ 8 9 ] ). In addition, clozapine also abolished the high frequency oscillations in the bladder pressure and accompanying bursts in the external urethral sphincter EMG, that are present during the expulsion phase of the micturition profile of the rat [ 7 ] . In the clinical literature, clozapine therapy is associated with a high incidence (up to 44% in a recent study [ 10 ] ) of urinary incontinence and enuresis.
Advertising mail has experienced high growth rates in all periods.
Sketches , which some have taken as the high point of Evans and Davis' collaboration, was also another chapter in a mass-market gambit.
Having already paid too high a political price for Gingrich's failings, Republican incumbents don't want another headache leading the party.
The uniform distribution assumption is further complicated by the existence of sub-groups of high risk and low risk individuals within each house based on their date of birth.
Only the Wall Street Journal points out high and clear that the Albanians' promise to sign would quickly evaporate if they meet with strong internal criticism before the talks reconvene.
In contrast, cPLA 2 S505A is active in vitro and phosphorylation only modestly increases the activity of the enzyme [ 16 17 24 ] . Interestingly, the inhibitory effect of the S505A mutation on AA release is obviated by a high [Ca 2+] i increase.
If you then will read the Storie, First, prepare you to be sorry That you never knew till now, Either whom to love, or how: But be glad, as soon with me, When you know, that this is she, Of whose Beautie it was sung, She shall make the old man young, Keepe the middle age at stay, And let nothing high decay, Till she be the reason why, All the world for love may die.
Four chief reasons are the mobility of the client population, language barriers involved in serving a non-English speaking population, the high costs incurred in cases involving aliens, and the lack of any potential for large fee awards.
After activation with 6 M Gnd-HCl, each of the six mutants exhibited a relatively high inhibitory activity, but their specific activities were still much lower than that of wtPAI-1 (Fig.
This is best compatible with the notion that the common ancestor of the DPBB domains was a generic binding domain devoid of high specificity or catalytic activity (see also discussion above).
We report the discovery and a genomic analysis of a sixth member of this family, SLC4A9 , a novel and alternatively spliced NBC-like gene expressed at high levels in normal adult kidney.
However, tumors from Wnt-1 TG, Pten +/+ mice have low apoptotic rates (40 ± 16 per digital camera field using a 20x objective) and high proliferation rates (53% ± 11).
At an event in high school cafeteria in Windham, McCain spots the global warming activists who have been stalking all the candidates with posters that ask, "WHAT'S YOUR PLAN?"
Sites with a high VPD had a higher variance in VPD than sites with low values of VPD; the standard deviation in VPD explained 45% of the variance in average VPD ( P < 0.002).
To maximize the reliability of diagnostic comparisons, we screened test sequences for high quality as for training sequences, and for low similarity to E. coli , chloroplast and mitochondrial genes, and non-coding RNA transcripts (ribosomal and transfer RNAs).
The blue and white finish is standard Delft and you will find it at many high class outlets with prices which match the quality.
The only exception is the arsC found on the pKW301 plasmid of A. multivorum , which shows high sequence similarity to the plasmid-borne arsC sequences found in the Enterobacteriales, strongly suggesting relatively recent plasmid transfer between a member of this group and A. multivorum . Indeed, the ars operon found in A. multivorum is expressed and confers arsenate resistance when transferred to E. coli [ 21 ] . Three other types of plasmid-borne arsC genes are found in R. solanacearum , Clostridium acetobutylicum , and Halobacterium halobium , demonstrating that plasmid-borne arsC genes are phylogenetically widespread and suggesting multiple incidences of chromosomal-plasmid transfer.
Lincoln sits forever in his monument, his marble words glowing high up on the walls behind him and beside him.
At high concentrations (above 100 pM level), the rate of increase of the MM signal can eclipse that of the PM signal (Figures 1d, 2d, Table 1for PheX_3) resulting in an eventual decline in the ADI (Figures 1d, 2dfor PheX_3).
Clones exhibiting low background luciferase expression prior to addition of the compound and high levels following the addition were selected for further in vivo and in vitro study.
The formation of a single statewide program was adopted to breathe life into a single program that will provide meaningful access to high quality legal services, in the pursuit of justice for as many low-income people throughout Colorado as possible.
A quick run through the high culture jungle of Jacob Weisberg's "The
In the first flush of dictatorship as First Consul, he established the Banque de France, created state-run lycées (high schools), and gave the country its first national set of laws, the Code Napoléon.
If they had, they would know that such high schools suffer from an overdose of community, not a deficit.
The other key element, reported high by the NYT and the main thrust of the LAT lead, is Milosevic's commitment Tuesday to local elections for Kosovo.
The "Straight Edgers" get their high from fighting.
All 12 sequences in this region have high similarity to the derived consensus sequence GXGXXG(7X)A(SX)GXGXXG(4X)D(9X)R, which defines a nucleotide binding motif [ 16 25 ] . In addition, all sequences have five residues, or conservative substitutions in the case of Pa-MoeB, shown to participate in the adenylation reaction catalyzed by Ec-MoeB (Figure 3) [ 7 ] . The fact that such high similarities are retained in the ThiF coding region across three bacterial divisions suggests that this domain functions more or less autonomously.
When all of the approximately 9,000 probes are divided into three equally sized bins representing low, medium, and high expressers according to their respective signal intensities, the effects of increased hybridization time and DAP become very evident (Figure 3C).
The odds ratio for a serum from a high antibody responder immunoprecipitating D-alanyl LTA was 14 times greater than for a low responder.
Six large controlled population-based studies of non-smoking older adults have investigated the association between body mass index (BMI) and mortality, controlling for relevant covariates [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 ] . All studies found excess risk for persons with very low BMI, but that persons with moderately high BMI had little or no extra risk except in certain small subsets.
Overreactions can impose high costs too-on individuals, our economy, and our beliefs about justice.
On the other hand, this is not to say that if a clinical result flies in the face of our physiological understanding that we should just reject it out of hand, as suggested by Couto [ 5 ] . In general, given the complexity of the human body and our nascent knowledge of it, if we use basic science alone to judge the safety or efficacy of an intervention, then our judgment will be fraught with a high degree of uncertainty.
Identifying genes for polygenic ischemic stroke has been a difficult task and most human studies have employed a candidate gene approach [ 5 ] although at least one genomewide linkage scan in affected sibling pairs is on the way [ 22 ] . We propose to use a combination of a candidate gene association study and genomewide association scan in children with Hb SS at high (230 cases) or low (400 controls) risk for cerebrovascular disease as determined by their TCD velocity.
Not all people with high IOP develop glaucoma [ 5], however, suggesting that other factors, such as genetic susceptibility to pressure-induced damage, interact with IOP to cause damage.
How high does this variation have to be, before such prescribed games become unimportant?
Sphinxes were guardian deitiesinEgyptianmythologyandthis was monumentalprotection,standing73 m (240 ft)longand20 m (66 feet) high.
The study proposal goes beyond looking at a link between the landfill and high rates of cancer near it, and also seeks to study non-fatal diseases such as skin rashes, thyroid disorders and abnormal liver function, among other illnesses.
RTs of families in this clade show high sequence similarity to an LTR retrotransposon in pineapple (~70% to Acr-1; CAA73042) and to one in Sorghum bicolor (~77% to Retrosor3 , AAD221153) (Figure 2).
"Otherwise, it could jeopardise its claim to the moral high ground in international affairs."
hordes of giggling high school girls ...
If he wins it with his tolerant principles held high, he will be in a far stronger position in relation to the eventual Democratic nominee.
The first set of genes, transmembrane cochlear expressed genes 1 and 2 ( TMC1 ) and TMC2 [ 5 ] were found in a search for mutations causing dominant and recessive deafness in human and mouse [ 5 6 ] . Mutations in the second pair of genes, EVER1 and EVER2 , are linked to epidermodysplasia verruciformis that is associated with an increased susceptibility to infection with some human papillomaviruses causing a high risk of skin carcinoma [ 7 ] . We noticed that the proteins encoded by these genes are homologous, which raised our interest in testing whether the genome accommodates additional related genes.
Experimental evaluation of a fiberoptic P CO 2 sensor, similar to that used in the present study, has shown a high degree of precision in detecting short-term changes in intramucosal P CO 2 [ 35].
Cytogenetic and molecular genetic analyses have identified the short arm of chromosome 5, 5p, as frequently affected by duplications and deletions in a high proportion of CCs [ 3 4 5 6 ] . These findings suggest the presence of positively regulated amplified oncogenes and negatively regulated tumor suppressor genes (TSGs) on this chromosomal arm.
(And for anyone left in the dark by the Enquirer 's high fallutin vocabulary, they helpfully provide a "Fast Fact" box, which explains that "a ghost is a dead person's spirit."
Initial results showed that CAR is an apparently constitutive transactivator able to activate gene expression in the absence of exogenously added ligands [ 8 9 ] . The first CAR ligands identified, androstanol and androstenol, are inverse agonists that block this constitutive transactivation [ 10 ] . More recently, it has been found that CAR mediates the characteristic response of a subset of drug metabolizing enzymes to a variety of structurally unrelated foreign compounds [ 11 ] . These xenobiotic activators are referred to as "phenobarbital (PB) - like," based on the prototypic effects of the anti-epileptic agent on drug metabolism [ 12 13 14 ] . The most potent activator of murine CAR is the high affinity agonist ligand TCPOBOP (1,4-bis [2-(3,5-dichloropyridyloxy)]benzene) [ 15 16 ] .
The party for the Golden Globe nominees was high up in Beverly Hills.
It is, no doubt, irritating to be misquoted, but at least you retain the moral high ground and a sense of yourself as wise and well-spoken, albeit misunderstood.
The transesterification domains of these eukaryotic enzymes have high degrees of identity to E. coli DNA topoisomerase III [ 7 37 ] . However, the decatenation loop is not present in the eukaryotic topoisomerase III sequences and to date the decatenation activity has not been demonstrated for these enzymes.
To love a line like that is a treason against my high aesthetics--not to love it a treason against my even higher propensity for florid kitsch.
Swanson writes in his sniffy Observer way: "Nobody ever said the Voice was all about the high road" and objects to the headline of the column "I Am Butt Girl, Hear My Ass Roar!"
The former have a high oxidative capacity and high demand for O 2 delivery, while the latter have a lower oxidative capacity and a reduced demand for O 2 [ 17 ] . Studies of mixed muscle show greater capillarity and/or higher rates of blood flow during exercise in regions composed primarily of oxidative fibers compared to regions with a high proportion of glycolytic fibers [ 24 25 26 27 28 ] . Thus, the regional difference observed in VEGF signal may be related to differences in innate fiber phenotype.
The ancient core is a hill the Romans called Mons Taber, where they raised a temple to Augustus Caesar and in the fourth century a.d. built high walls about a mile around to protect their settlement.
Four letters once a week?
In the present study, African American youth with high normal blood pressure (BP) were randomly assigned to either a 4-month TM program experimental group or a health education control group.
This is an imaginative attempt to dress craven pragmatism as high principle, but it makes no sense.
Physicians were more likely to overestimate risk for patients with very high cholesterol levels (total cholesterol > 260 mg/dl) than for patients with more modest elevations.
If the vascular LHR expression represents a barrier for hCG transport from chorionic villi to the fetal blood (see above), lack of this barrier may cause high levels of fetal hCG resulting in perinatal morbidity and mortality [ 63 ] , regardless of normal or abnormal hCG production.
The studies have also reported low prevalence rates in the younger age groups and high prevalence rates for the older ages suggesting that individuals infected between the 1960's to the early 80's are now older and more likely to be sero-positive compared to those born after the campaigns.
The task was left to Bindusara’s heir Ashoka (269–232 b.c. ), admired by Indians as their greatest ruler, perhaps for his special combination of tough authoritarianism and a high sense of moral righteousness.
They give me a paltry allowance while they live high on the hog with cruises, flying trips, etc., leaving me home to feed the cats and empty the litter pans.
Due to the high molecular weight of PARP, SDS-PAGE was performed using 7% polyacrylamide gels, and proteins were then transferred to PVDF membrane (Biorad) via wet transfer.
The idea is to incorporate certain sociological background factors-- such as English isn't his/her first language, he/she went to a crappy high school, is from a poor family etc.--about the student, to come up with a likely score range for him or her, and if the person's actual score exceeds the likely one by at least 200 points, then the applicant is identified by admissions personnel as in the valued category of "Striver."
Street markets should have the lowest prices of all, but the initial price set by the vendor is always on the high side.
"Clearly, high crimes was referring to serious, serious crimes like treason and bribery, which are examples," said one legal pundit on PBS' NewsHour With Jim Lehrer . In other words, no one really knows.
It is striking that the CAA UAG CAA UUA sequence directs a high readthrough in several very different eukaryotes.
Follow-up was limited to six months, so this study would have missed any rebound back to baseline at later time points, and the refusal rate was rather high in this study.
Top67 cleavage sites are religated upon addition of high salt and Mg 2+
Because the Affymetrix software determines the presence or absence of expression of a gene in part on the basis of how many probe pairs give high intensities, not just the average across the probe pairs, some genes may be flagged as present despite having negative average differences.
This prevents high fidelity hybridization between the probe and the mRNA allowing complete mRNA probe digestion.
Universities, unlike high schools, are not unitary social structures.
When you're making hardware or, even better, licensing software, all your costs are under your control, and once the product is actually developed, your profit margins are very high.
Wealthier jurisdictions will always do better than cities with high concentrations of poverty.
Although public high schools had been around since 1821 (and prep schools had been around before then), secondary education, Hine writes, had been "very slow to win acceptance among working-class families that counted on their children's incomes for survival."
Still, the case against Johnson was weak: It was hard to construe the act of a president firing his own subordinate as a "high crime."
I question what research and/or actual experience was used to determine that "since it has become a common phrase of salutation and even endearment among blacks, a high proportion of its current usage is in fact as a synonym for 'black person.
Since most blacks attend overwhelmingly black high schools, the result is much closer to that of taking the top 10 percent of each race.
 No one expected it to be that high, but it's lower than what we expected, said Mark Obrinsky,....
This aircraft is designed with advanced features to allow it to be less detectable to adversaries, capable of high speeds for long ranges, and able to provide the pilot with improved awareness of the surrounding situation through the use of integrated avionics.
Eating animal protein, which is high in sulfur-containing amino acids, requires the body to buffer the effects of those amino acids.
High praise for a newly translated 1981 novel by Albanian author Kadare, about a medieval village at the dawn of capitalism.
In addition, loss of the anti-inflammatory effect of IL-10 appears to overdrive the requirements for high levels of anticollagen antibodies in CIA.
Other methods that have been used extensively for high throughput partner identification include the yeast two-hybrid system [ 25 ] . While the two hybrid approach is popular, it has a number of inherent problems including a high potential for false positives, the inability to use non-protein targets such as mRNA or membrane bound/extracellular proteins and the inability to address postranslational modifications on a target.
Since modern black can be both high and low or right and left, it seems too versatile to lose.
Similarly, olanzapine significantly decreased the amplitude of high frequency oscillations (HFO) from a control value of 1.6 (±0.
However, some investigators [ 16, 23, 33, 34, 35] showed that patients with sepsis and high baseline cortisol levels had a lower cortisol response to the ACTH stimulation test.
Strong phylogenetic clustering supported by the bootstrap tests (typically, only the bootstrap values higher than 50% were considered significant) as well as high sequence similarity (>40% identity) were used as a main criterion for grouping receptors into a particular family.
The problem is that, as economist Alwyn Young has pointed out (in a thesis popularized by Slate 's own Paul Krugman), while Asia's growth rates in total production have been incredibly high, its growth rates in worker productivity have, Japan aside, been surprisingly low.
Thus, once the operon is activated, it will remain active, even if the concentration of lactose outside the cell is lowered from an initial high level required to activate the operon to some intermediate concentration.

' This assay was quite variable from laboratory to laboratory when first introduced; thus it meant `Very Inconsistent Polypeptide' to some of the gastroenterologists and surgeons who were pondering the possibility of pancreatic surgery in patients with high levels of VIP .
Usually, the cut-off selection procedure is an informed decision based on the motivation of the individual to accept false positives (high Sp) or false negatives (high Se) that takes into account whether it is crucial to exclude any false positives (high Sp) or to cover the broadest signal range possible (high Se).
02, .08) [ 9 ] . In contrast, a high quality propensity score analysis of cohort data gave a much larger estimate of.
Figure 4shows sections from a tumor sample that had relatively high levels of β-tubulin class III levels by ELISA (Fig.
Falésia is a beautiful beach framed by high cliffs, but to get to it you need to negotiate the grounds of the Sheraton Algarve, whose elevator down to the beach is for guests only.
The Arabidopsis ndr1-1 mutant showed drastically impaired induction of SAR and PR-1 gene expression in response to infection with Pseudomonas syringae bacteria carrying the avirulence ( avr ) gene avrRpt2 [ 4 ] . This mutant is also incapable of showing a hypersensitive response (HR) to these bacteria [ 5 6 ] except at very high levels of inoculum [ 7 ] . The HR is a macroscopic leaf collapse.
The more physiologically meaningful metrics (high frequency and above threshold correlation) are quite low in controls, indicating that aggregates of the two components are essentially independent in their distributions under these conditions.
But many others, especially unwed mothers who had their first baby as teens and either dropped out of high school or have little work experience, find it much more difficult to work their way off welfare.
Upon arrival all animals were allowed ad libitum access to either a commercially available diet with high phytoestrogen levels (Harlan Teklad Rodent Diet 8604, Madison, WI, USA) containing 600 micrograms of phytoestrogens/gram of diet; referred to hereafter as the Phyto-600 diet, or a custom phytoestrogen-free diet; referred to hereafter as the Phyto-free diet, obtained from Ziegler Bros. (Gardner, PA, USA) and water.
"K-E-double N-E-D-YJack's the nation's favorite guy,Ev'ryone wants to back Jack.JackJack is on the right track,And he's got high hopes."
Interestingly, there was high expression in the ovary surface epithelium (OSE) (Fig.
(When the prices are high, the store is quick to make a joke of it, as it does with its private-label "Really Expensive Authentic Handcrafted" frozen chicken burrito, which sells for $2.
For the direct labeling dataset, the high and low ratios are 3.1 and 0.31, respectively, for a range of 9.8.
Then we calculated the tertiles of this score and the physically active participants were classified into three groups: low physical activity (1 sttertile), medium physical activity (2 ndtertile) and high physical activity (3 rdtertile).
However, we have recently demonstrated that induced adhesion of primary T lymphocytes to fibronectin is unaffected by Rho inactivation [ 25 ] , and data presented here suggests that constitutively high adhesion of HPB-ALL cells to β1 integrin substrate is unaffected by C3 treatment.
The diluted OG-solubilized membrane extract (10 mg in 300 mL total volume of 0.5% OG) was loaded on a 25 × 1 cm column containing Phenylsepharose™ (6 fast flow high sub; Amersham Pharmacia Biotech).
More than two years ago, the high court established a special committee on lawyer assistance programs, chaired by Timothy L. Bertschy, a Peoria lawyer and former ISBA president.
I teach at a school with many poor whites and Latinos, many of whom can't afford home computers or did not learn how to use them in high school.
The high degree of polymorphism of Pgm makes it possible that the slow electrophoretic allele in the Ives strain could consist of multiple DNA sequence forms.
The sequence homology between monkey and human genes is quite high, however.
Some of these are of a very high standard: Dedicated dancers and musicians usually do give their best.
In addition to LDS having comparatively low smoking prevalence, a higher proportion who are married, and a higher proportion who are medically insured, 95% of LDS men compared with 89% of nonLDS men reported having at least a high school education, according to the 1996 Health Status Survey [ 32 ] .
We have a dream: Buy low, sell high, wait till the stocks tumble, then buy low again, sell high again.
Sabena loses money even though it has government-protected air routes, a high percentage of business flyers, and the highest seat-mile prices in Europe.
Though he would have considered himself a champion of high art, melodrama was Chambers' medium.
The NYT and LAT go high on their fronts with reports that Mexican and U.S. authorities have begun excavating sites in Mexico very near the Texas border believed to be a dumping ground for scores of Mexicans and Americans killed by drug traffickers within the past few years.
The costs associated with NRL glove claims were generally low, and although high costs were associated with several claims, the mean cost per claim was $2,682, averaged to just $0.
George Pataki, starting next fall, high school students in his state will be legally required to study the Irish potato famine.
Brain weights of the two high strains, BXD5 (540 ± 9 mg SEM) and BALB/cJ (527 ± 13 mg), are significantly greater (P < .001) than that of C57BL/6J (476 ± 5 mg).
Good luck, Lesley--you've put the high back in high maintenance.
To thermally degrade organics, place glassware in a high temperature oven at 400°C for 30 min.
Since there are three molecules with strong absorbances at 340 nm (retinal, retinoic acid, and NADH), we developed a high pressure liquid chromatography (HPLC) assay to assess the ability of DPAB to inhibit retinal oxidation by class 1 ALDH.
The cyclooxygenase pathway and NSAIDs have been implicated in pancreatic carcinogenesis, as elevated levels of COX-2 mRNA and protein have been detected in pancreatic carcinomas relative to histologically normal cells [ 14 15 16 17 18 19 ] . Further, both aspirin [ 20 21 22 ] and other NSAIDs [ 19 ] have been shown to inhibit pancreatic cancer cell proliferation and induce apoptosis in vitro . Recent studies have also reported an association between oncogenic ras and COX-2 expression [ 23 24 ] . Since pancreatic tumors tend to exhibit a high frequency of K- ras mutations [ 25 ] , the relationship between the K- ras oncogene and COX-2 should be explored further in vivo.
The starting price is always high.
In wresting the Bible from the Greek, Hebrew, and Latin, the translators set a high standard for ordinary spoken and written English.
Installation of wet FGD, specifically LSFO, presents a conservatively high estimate of anticipated resources and time to provide additional control of SO2 emissions.
Many PH domain proteins bind with high affinity to specific phosphoinositides such as PI-4,5-P2, PI-3,4-P2 or PI-3,4,5-P3 which are generated by PI-3 kinase [ 28 ] . This relationship was reflected by the high correlation coefficient (0.
For both Sets, we needed to identify new, high quality STRPs within specific, relatively small (~1 mb) chromosomal segments.
But when premiums are high, more people opt against buying insurance, thereby creating the plethora of uninsured drivers and completing the vicious circle.
The actual number of independent hits at rRNA sites is, however, likely to be much greater than our estimate but this can only be proven with rigorous phylogenetic analysis of group I introns at different insertion sites to show that in some cases, introns in the same subclass at the same site in different species have a high probability of independent origin [e.g.
Today's Papers wonders if an inner-city high school might prove a more effective model.
For each cell line, the levels of Tag at high cell density (either transition or plateau phase) were significantly lower than during exponential growth.
First, clusters of statistically significant high and low lung cancer incidences were identified separately for both males and females [ 1 ] . Both males and females demonstrated a large cluster of high lung cancer incidence in central Long Island that corresponded approximately, in both geographic extent and location, to a broad zone of high overall lung cancer risk as predicted by the air toxics estimates.
This is the cozy way to watch the park’s landscape change from dense lowland forest, through alpine meadows dotted with wild flowers, to the bleak tundra of the high country.
Supreme Court has, says the LAT , affirmed the public's right of access to criminal trials many times, no high court in the country has ever, before now, done the same on the civil side.
mRNA transcript was expressed at high levels (lanes 2, 3, 5, 9, 11 and 12) moderate levels (lanes 2, 7 and 10) or low levels (lanes 1, 4 and 8).
California : Clear weather throughout the state keeps turnout high and aids Democratic Sen.
Robert Heaney, professor of medicine at the Creighton University School of Medicine and a proponent of high dairy consumption, found in a study he co-authored that the "single most important determinate of the rate of bone gain" in young women was not the amount of calcium consumed but the ratio of calcium to protein.
One complicating factor of statin therapy in HD patients is the high prevalence of hepatitis B and C, making it difficult to differentiate hepatitis-induced increases in LAEs from those due to the statin.
Therefore the very high TDF NB regions are most likely contributed by the high level expression of brain-enriched gene clusters or the regions containing a high density of brain-enriched genes.
On the far side of the range, sheer walls of stone 300 m (1,000 ft) high tower over the plains, where a series of catwalks and carved footpaths wander through old temples and pavilions into the silence and emptiness beyond.
If last week's theme was high dudgeon, this week's will be high-mindedness.
In response to the letter from Mrs. Maughan S. Mason [XXI, 4, 17] regarding the odor emanating from Pozzuoli (Naples), I did not know there was a refinery there, but I do know that it's a sulfur area (probably a bath in ancient times), and it does smell to high heaven.
Haven't we in the past raised high the standard of political and social emancipation for which the whole planet owes us recognition?"
Vehicles reach this area through Black Watch Pass, a cutting through the high coral cliff that was opened in 1934.
One is a 100-ft (301⁄2-m) high cross that overlooks the city.
The high frequency of poisonings due to insulin/antidiabetic agents is also not surprising given the high frequency of diabetes among renal transplant recipients, although diabetes was not an independent risk factor for poisonings in the present analysis.
They may not know much of the world, but they certainly understand what the high school rewards, and it ain't learning about Jefferson or Malcolm X. Indeed, the grand prize for doing well academically at public high school is to get you as far away as possible from it, to the Ivy League and its ilk.
In tissues such as the hypothalamus, where we see large differences in gene expression in age- and sex-matched mice of the same strain, this variability may reflect high levels of variability in behavior that are seen in inbred mice raised and tested under seemingly identical laboratory conditions [ 50 ] .
Complete displacement was not seen in Lane 6 which was due to high titer of the antibody.
For example, cadherin 13 ( CDH13 ), versican ( CSPG2 ), collagen 8A1 ( COL8A1 ), collagen 12A1 ( COL12A1 ), P4HA2 (encoding a procollagen-modifying enzyme) all showed relatively low expression in the genital skin fibroblasts of normal males, whereas tenascin XB ( TNXB ), nidogen 2 ( NID2 ), laminins ( LAMA3 , LAMA4 ) and tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 1 ( TIMP1 ) all showed relatively high expression levels compared to AIS-derived fibroblasts (Figure 2).
As the American philosopher Quentin Smith has pointed out, "If God created the universe with the aim of making it animate, it is illogical that he would have created as its first state something whose natural evolution would lead with high probability only to inanimate states ." The only way God could have ensured the appearance of creatures in his own image was by repeatedly intervening and making adjustments to steer the evolution of the world away from lifeless disaster.
In the clip available at right, Cusack answers her dad's question about what he plans to do with his life after high school.
2. the high itself.
We found that photoreceptor-specific genes typically showing high, retina-specific expression that began around one week after birth, coinciding exactly with the previously reported increase in expression of rhodopsin and other rod-specific genes [ 13 14 15 ] . We typically saw higher expression of photoreceptor-specific genes in microSAGE libraries made from microdissected outer nuclear layer (97% rods versus 70% rods for whole retina) and, in many cases, higher expression in P10.
The association of one or more polymorphisms in the candidate genes with a high TCD (high risk) phenotype will enable the investigators to streamline the screening and follow-up programs towards those with high risk as determined by genetic testing.
That should be evident not only by the high correlation between accidents and alcohol consumption, but also by the other major factors causing boat accidents--excessive speed, careless or reckless operation, inattention to what's looming up ahead, inexperience.
The LAT also plays it high, but then late in its story flatly states that in making this response "Mills strayed considerably from the facts of the case."
For example, at a very high membership cutoff, most of the genes in each cluster will have highly correlated expression patterns in all of the experiments and will be closely related in terms of function and regulation.
However, the high dimension of system causes convergence problem during the computation of μ lower using this package.
Mammary gland mass [ 18] has been proposed as a risk factor for breast cancer because of the higher number of ductal stem cells that develop as a result of intrauterine influences and high energy intake early in life.
The claim that such turbidity did not affect 13C-NMR measurements [ 3 5 6 ] contrasts with evidence that even small multimers can change NMR chemical shifts [ 25 26 ] . It should be noted also that, at high concentrations of B =, extensive, reversible self-association of B =can lead to apparently stable supersaturation with no separation of an insoluble phase [ 2 ] . For example, at pH 8.5 and a UCB concentration of 20 μM (63 times S), the weight-average aggregation number of UCB has been found to be 7.17 [ 18 ] , corresponding to a molecular weight of 4,195.
In the study here, accuracy rates were high for all conditions (0.
With high inflation and unemployment, they also suffered from shortages of vaccines, hospital supplies, and essential drugs.
The extremely large volume in CS containers may have supported high densities of microbes in the water column and prevented leaf litter from packing together, thus allowing more surface area for microbial growth and less interference among mosquitoes browsing for food than in smaller volume containers where leaves were more tightly packed.
Furthermore, such a method will give higher average ranks to the DEGs, if the ranking is such that high rank means more evidence of differential expression.
We now show that fold-difference alone results in a high degree of error whilst detecting regulated genes from microarrays, replicate arrays with statistical analysis reduces false positives and negatives.
Primary high density micromass cultures
At the low and medium doses rIL-1Ra had little protective effect but, relative to the 24 hour time point, a significant increase in IL-1 stimulation was seen in the wells receiving the high dose by day 4. In the wells receiving the HIG-82-IL-1Ra +cells, protection from IL-1 stimulation was maintained over time.
The stubborn aristocracy and high clergy were anxious to protect their ancient privileges; a burgeoning bourgeoisie longed for reforms that would give them greater opportunity; the peasantry was no longer prepared to bear the burden of feudal extortion; and a growing urban populace of artisans groaned under intolerable hardships.
The output of the assembler contains only the sequence reads that assemble with high confidence into a contig.
Perhaps the high doses of colistin used in our study were in part responsible for this.
The former have a high oxidative capacity and high demand for O 2 delivery, while the latter have a lower oxidative capacity and a reduced demand for O 2 [ 17 ] . Studies of mixed muscle show greater capillarity and/or higher rates of blood flow during exercise in regions composed primarily of oxidative fibers compared to regions with a high proportion of glycolytic fibers [ 24 25 26 27 28 ] . Thus, the regional difference observed in VEGF signal may be related to differences in innate fiber phenotype.
Zucker was nominated by the Van Nuys center and the Ventura County Superior Court, where he has served as a temporary judge in Small Claims Court and has volunteered with a court-sponsored program for at-risk high school students.
He thinks it works almost as well as Prozac, without the side effects or high price.
The high degree of conservation and maintenance of this protein across both entomopoxviruses and vertebrate poxviruses suggests that it performs an important function in these viruses (Figures 1, 4).
Although cardiogenic shock presents with a high SVR and low CO, some data suggest that, rarely, patients may present with a syndrome of low SVR.
My boyfriend, the same one I've had all through high school and two years of college, just dumped me.
Forcing miscreants to attend high school is pure folly, based on three untruths: 1) any kid can be taught; 2) dropping out will turn a kid toward crime; and 3) without a high-school education you can't get a decent job.
Water should be collected at slack high tide, or within one hour after high tide.
For example, although avoiding nausea/vomiting and incision pain are high priorities for most patients after surgery, there is important variability on how patients rate different postoperative outcomes.
The Gingrich Congress has paid a high price for overinterpreting its 1994 mandate.
There has been a great deal of cant in the past 30 years to the effect that Dior's era forced helpless women into a posture of submission with its fussily constructed garments, cumbersome skirts, cinched waists, and rigid hairstyles, crippling their feet in high heels and imprisoning their hands in white gloves.
Failure to clearly and accurately define information technology requirements poses high risks for any agency.
Several weeks later he was asked — then ordered — to vacate the room to make room for high rollers, whereupon he promptly bought the property and fired the management.
I said, "It's certain there is no fine thingSince Adam's fall but needs much labouring.There have been lovers who thought love should beSo much compounded of high courtesyThat they would sigh and quote with learned looksPrecedents out of beautiful old books;Yet now it seems an idle trade enough."
The murine anti-TNF-α mAb used in this study binds with high affinity to hTNF-α and prevents binding to the TNF receptor [ 10 ] . Anti-TNF-α mAb was administered by intraperitoneal injection at 10 mg/kg weekly and the animals in the control group received weekly injections of saline.
Newsweek 's package on how memory works says that alcohol, high blood pressure, and too little sleep can damage recall.
But the story also states, in contrast to the fiscal optimism expressed high up by the LAT , that Medicare costs are not expected to continue to drop, once boomers begin to attain eligibility in large numbers.
After hours of discussion, the high court agreed that raising the registration fees would be the best way to address the declining revenues, Chief Justice Moses W. Harrison II said.
As cytochalasin D has a high affinity (50 nM) for the growing ends of actin filaments, this treatment should inhibit polymerization of existing filaments but should not block new filament formation [ 23 ] . Thus the actin incorporated most likely reflects nucleation of new filaments, as previously discussed [ 24 ] . As expected, cells treated with cytochalasin D during permeabilization showed no actin incorporation (data not shown).
The phospholipid-binding protein annexin V has a high affinity for PS [ 18 ] and is utilized in MP detection in blood and in cell supernatants [ 1 ] . Since very little is known about the mechanism of MP-release from endothelial cell, it is difficult to judge the type and extent of endothelial injury represented by increased plasma counts of endothelial MP.
Fortunately, the high redundancy of entries in dbEST permits the alignment of multiple ESTs for most genes thus diminishing the effects of these drawbacks.
SLC4A9 has the most restricted expression pattern, evidenced by high tissue specificity and low dbEST representation.
(British linguist Deborah Cameron in Feminism and Linguistic Theory doubts these lacunae, suggesting that English is flexible, and that women are disadvantaged primarily by alienation from high language.)
Pretreatment with lower doses of RANKL was unable to overcome IFN-γ inhibition, indicating that resistance to IFN-γ required high levels of RANKL pretreatment (Fig.
There are 16 high TDF NB regions (enriched with brain specific expression) with Z-score >= 2 (Table 1).
The WP gets at the high quality of the economic analysis evident in the floor debate with its observation that at one point during a discussion of the bill's tax credit for producing energy from poultry waste, "[d]ozens of Democrats seated in the chamber clucked like chickens ..."
Among the few RGD mutants that have been isolated, on is RED, a low fitness mutant in which the glycine is replace by glutamic acid [ 53 ] . Ruíz-Jarabo and co-workers found that after revertant RGD genomes became dominant, and mutant genomes were no longer detected in the consensus sequence, RED was able to remain in the population for very long times and at surprisingly high frequencies [ 42 43 44 45 ] . There is a qualitative agreement between the predictions of the quasispecies model and this result, but there is also a quantitative discrepancy.
For example, exon-skipping mutations in the central region of the gene, exons 24-32, cause severe phenotypes or neonatal presentations [ 8 ] . But there are exceptions, only four of the many other mutations in this region cause severe phenotypes, while one mutation predicted to lead to skipping of exon 24 was found in a patient with classic MFS [ 5 ] . In contrast, most cysteine substitutions cause classic MFS with a high frequency of lens dislocation, although some patients in our study did not meet the Ghent criteria for diagnosis of MFS [ 9 ] . Amino-acid substitutions not disrupting disulfide bonds may be associated with fibrillinopathies other than MFS, although mutations in the calcium-binding consensus sequence have been reported in individuals with classic MFS [ 5 10 11 12 ] . It is clear from the studies reported so far, that genotype-phenotype correlations are not straight-forward for FBN1 mutations.
Even though national saving remains relatively low by U.S. historical standards, economic growth in recent years has been high because more and better investments were made.
In addition we studied only one managed care organization, one that is well established, and exists in a region of the country with high level access to specialty services.
But the president's approval ratings remain high, and he has been able to prosecute a war almost single-handedly.
Now, Hall said, he wants to make services to the poor more efficient by working with law students who will handle less complicated legal matters, allowing licensed attorneys to take more "high impact" cases to court.
It would have been helpful if the story had said high up in what respects Vietnam's emigration stance has improved, and had also explained how it is that the president can alter a country's trade status like this unilaterally, without Senate approval.
In 1823, Major Thomas Blanchard constructed Martello Tower on high ground behind the two forts, where soldiers could survey the surrounding land and coastline.
For textiles, with their high capital costs, lower labor content, and emphasis on high quality and finishing operations, the concentration in the southeastern United States, Korea and Japan, and industrial Europe may be expected largely to continue.
The high expression of FS mRNA correlates with a high expression of progesterone by the new CL-I.
The very success of dentistry has raised expectations so high that patients now object to any inconvenience.
With the increasing popularity of Marbella, high society has moved west to the chic suburb of Nueva Andalucía, and its magnificent harbor, Puerto Banús.
The influence of race was not considered because of the high percentage of whites in Utah (i.e.
This change may have been mediated by other cytokines (IL-1β, IL-8) whose levels have been shown to increase with kinetics that parallel this rise in TTP [ 40 46 47 ] . Alternatively, the late rise in cytoplasmic TTP may be due to release from the bone marrow of leukocytes that have high levels of TTP or an adaptive response to endotoxemia.
Identification of the nature of the VR1 high molecular size band
A high level of representation in a cDNA library generally correlates with high transcript abundance in the original biological sample [ 33 ] , although artifacts of library construction can result in selection for or against representation of some transcripts.
The Corporation continued to demonstrate its ability to ensure both compliance with program rules and regulations, and the maintenance of high quality legal assistance to eligible clients.
Therefore most HuGeneFL chips were scanned using Affymetrix "high gain" settings and most HG-U95A chips were scanned using the "low gain" settings.
WGA DNA can be produced in milligram quantities from nanograms [ 10 ] of original sample allowing use of high DNA concentration for optimal signal.
These results indicate that the anti-peptide polyclonal antibodies, NMT-4 and NMT-5, detect this 55 kDa protein with high specificity and high affinity.
The ERα expression in normal placentae is high (top of inset A), and transformation of cytotrophoblast cells into the large syncytia (~300 μm in diameter) is accompanied by ERα diminution (top insets B and C; see also Fig.
The feminist literary critic's claim that the Gulf War and chronic-fatigue syndromes are merely psychological maladies meets with predictably high levels of vitriol.
A wide variety of significant or potentially significant diagnoses can be identified on UHCT performed for suspected ureteral/renal colic [ 9 10 11 12 13 ] . Apart from its high sensitivity and specificity for diagnosing stone disease, the characteristic of UHCT, which discriminates it from other modalities, is its ability to pick up other unsuspected significant clinical entities.
Such overcapacity in autos, for instance, runs as high as 25 percent, and will probably rise as each country tries to develop its own automaking industry.
The Galleria provides a sheltered, much trafficked pedestrian passage from the Duomo to another holy entity, the revered 18th-century La Scala theater, high temple of opera.
By 1890, Burne-Jones was among the most famous painters of Europe; his reputation, thanks to international exhibitions and traveling critics, was as high in Paris and the United States as in Britain.
The TK-1 lymphocyte cell line used in this assay expresses high levels of the α4β7 integrin, [ 39 41 ] which can interact with multiple ligands including mucosal addressin-1 (MAdCAM-1), as well as VCAM-1, L-selectin and fibronectin [ 42 ] . In this system, TNF-α stimulated TK-1 adhesion to SVEC4-10 endothelial cells is at least 50% MAdCAM-1 dependent [ 41 ] . SVEC monolayers were grown in 48-well plates as described, and to activate endothelium, the monolayers were incubated with TNF-α (1 ng/ml) for 24 h.
It does seem, however, that when a structurally and functionally plausible prediction is produced, with a high confidence, by a well tested, statistically sound computational method, an incompatible prediction yielded by a new method without a clear statistical foundation is most likely to be incorrect.
Conversely, high calcium consumption causes the body to decrease the amount of the mineral that is absorbed, excreting the excess.
A high 'in-cluster' count indicates a gene 'remains' in the original cluster in most of the resampled clustering trees.
A high frequency of promoter methylation was detected in primary tumors for CDH1 (54.
As an ex-Soviet spy and the man who kicked off the internal Cold War by naming a group of high government officials as fellow spies, he was certainly the instigator of a national panic.
The high reliability of microSAGE data revealed in these analyses allows us to report the first comprehensive profiles of levels of difference in gene expression observed among tissues obtained from age- and sex-matched individuals.
However, genotypes of any marker and strain that introduce new double-recombinants into the BXN map should be regarded with a high level of suspicion.
At Columbine and suburban high schools elsewhere, athletics are the biggest tool in creating the sense of "we" that Rodriguez extols.
Despite infecting the polarized monolayers at relatively high multiplicity of infection (MOI) with wild-type L. monocytogenes strain 10403S, we were not able to detect any intracellular bacteria by either phase-contrast or fluorescence microscopy.
On a fundamental level, cancer-screening trials differ from therapy trials because of the high amount of "noise" relative to the "signal" of screening effect.
Therefore, a spinal site mediating the effects of clozapine on the amplitude of high frequency oscillations appears likely.
The cartilage is structurally insufficient and weak, contains fewer hypertrophic chondrocytes, displays much reduced staining for sulfated proteoglycans, and consists predominantly of immature chondrocytes, with a high fraction of proliferating cells.
Rather it appears that random motions in high density populations position structures so that contact is inevitable as a result of growth motions.
A high EST clone count is used to ensure the statistic significance of the data mining results.
From this plot we chose the value α = 0.10, which gives a good mix of high gene correlation and low p value.
The high correlation coefficient indicates a high level of standardization in mammographic assessment.
have made attempts to improve the electroporation protocol by introducing new settings, consisting in the combination of high voltage and low voltages pulses, that are inducing less permeabilisation of the myocytes [ 22 ] . Even if these combined protocols seems to be slightly less toxic, there is still much improvement needed to compete with the new generations of adenoviral vectors as a method to transfect muscle in patients.
5 embryo revealed a high level of Gad1 expression throughout the mesenchyme and neural epithelium in the caudal portion of the tailbud (figure 1F).
USAT says that in the particular case that went to the Court in which a boy, a high school sophomore, was rendered quadriplegic by a childhood accident, the cost to the school system of his attending classes was as much as $30,000 per year, compared to the nationwide average of $6,495 for "regular" students.
To address these questions, we used an analytical method developed in our laboratory and described in a previous study [ 24 ] . Briefly, the complex cRNA is digested with P1 nuclease and calf intestinal phosphatase and applied to a high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) column to separate the nucleosides, followed by an absorbance measurement at 260 nm.
Vacuoles do not contain high levels of cathepsin D signal (Fig.
For textiles, with their high capital costs, lower labor content, and emphasis on high quality and finishing operations, the concentration in the southeastern United States, Korea and Japan, and industrial Europe may be expected largely to continue.
M*A*S*H --at least the TV version--offered a pseudo-anti-war stance while enjoying frat boy high jinks: I believe their contract with CBS required that in every third episode the entire camp would see Loretta Swit in the shower and then Alan Alda would wring his hands sensitively.
Inland from Marbella lie the high peaks of the Sierra Blanca, the most distinctive being La Concha (The Seashell), which rises directly above the town.
Southland (home of 7-Eleven), Westpoint-Pepperell, Federated Department Stores: They all collapsed because their debt loads were too high.
Therefore, promoter-finding methods based on sequence information successfully identify almost the exact same subset of promoters, owing to the high correlation with the subset of promoters located within CpG islands [ 8].
It seems only logical that those with high incomes should pay more than those with lower incomes!
Departing from my past ad campaigns, the rock pictorials portray models who are fresh, young, and all-American, in a cutting edge, high energy, and modern environment."
When Reality and Dreams opens, Tom has just fallen from a high place--a crane where he liked to sit and "shout orders through the amplifier and like God watch the team down there group and re-group as bidden.
Casinos: There are more than a dozen casinos in Cairo, mostly in the major hotels, and they attract a number of serious “high rollers. ”
These differences include a larger disparity in compensation between those highly educated and those who are not, particularly high school dropouts.
Once the program achieved a stable design, the certainty of their cost and schedule estimates was substantially increased, allowing them to plan the balance of the product development program with high confidence.
Indeed, the paper points out high up that the overwhelmingly white state is hardly representative of the nation.
When NFATp was added to the reconstituted transcription system it activated transcription to high levels from the DNA template containing three high affinity NFAT sites (Figure 3D).

Total internal reflection occurs when light travelling in a medium with high refractive index encounters a medium with low refractive index beyond the critical angle, determined by the ratio of the two refractive indices according to the Snell's law [ 28 ] . In our experiments, the coverslip and the cells represent the media with high and low refractive indices, respectively.
The movie says that getting high all the time can rot your brain and even kill you, but it's not above going for Cheech & Chong-style laughs or blithely wallowing in the sense of community that drugs can instill.
The buildings that line the boulevard are routinely six or more storeys high, many with ornate architectural touches.
However, because of individual and even possibly population differences in recombination rates [ 24 25 26 ] , it may never be possible to specify genetic distances between STRPs with high precision.
Btk kinase activity and tyrosine phosphorylation increase upon stimulation of sIgM as well as the IL-5 and IL6 receptors in B cells, and upon crosslinking of the high affinity IgE receptor (FcεRII) in mast cells [ 12, 13, 14, 15].
' In this era of the litigationprone society, including the high rate of malpractice suits, I noted an organization called, HALT `Help Abolish Legal Tyranny.
High salt eluate (300 mM NaCl) from GST beads was tested for DNA binding activity.
high and the goal cannot be achieved on time, decision makers assess trade-offs between new and existing components to reduce the risks to a more manageable level.
This can be considered in terms of cerebrovascular resistance and capacity, analogous to a high pass filter where high frequency components of the system response are removed.
In all of these cases, the high level of identity observed at the amino-acid level does not extend to nucleotide level, and GC content and codon usage is typical of other M. incognita transcripts (E.H.
Human umbilical vein endothelial cell (EC) cultures were purchased (Clontech, Palo Alto, CA) and maintained at 30-80% confluency to ensure high viability.
Intestinal FABP2 contains a single ligand binding site that displays a high affinity for fatty acid [ 8].
The King of Saudi Arabia’s holiday home  — it looks like the White House in Washington, D.C., only slightly larger —  hides behind a row of pines and palms on a hilltop just above the highway, surrounded by high security fences.
A short critical Newsweek piece on Ginsburg and his "appetite for the high life" notes that he "declined ... to talk to Newsweek "....
It offends them to see researchers accepting the high cost of American medical care as a given.
The RLC says it's trying to keep the GOP "civil" by pressuring Forbes to maintain a high "tenor."
Perjury is a high crime because it is as bad as bribery.
It is well known that there is a high incidence of undiagnosed diabetes in the general population.
Because this literature-mining technique analyzes data at a high level it is independent of the platform used by investigators (for example, spotted cDNA or high-density oligonucleotide arrays, protein arrays) and could find applications in both genomics and proteomics research.
just not agile enough in high heels to compete with an athletic little girl who may not know her own strength.
Yet, high CG levels during pregnancy may pass the "cell membrane barrier" and act through the cytoplasmic LHR in the CL of pregnancy and other cells with cytoplasmic expression, and such effect could be enhanced if the "vascular LHR barrier" is absent - abnormal placentae of aged phenotype and similar putative age-related vascular changes in other tissues.
However, in a few cases, one or two misleading data points from low-intensity spots may have led to especially high gene-by-gene error variance estimates and thus concealed otherwise significant differences.
In spite of high unemployment and separatist rumblings, the country’s economic growth rate remained one of the highest in all of western Europe throughout the 1980s.
Most of the groups cited maintaining or increasing the technical expertise among their security staff as a major challenge, largely due to the high demand
Because of English's universality--and the prohibitively high cost of printing books in one-country languages such as Danish and Hebrew--these guides are used by folks of every imaginable age and nationality.
From Kathmandu, short trips to the valley rim make it possible for those with limited time to see the high mountains at sunrise or sunset.
Successful performance includes providing high levels of order completeness, short lead times for new products, and rapid response to requests for replenishment.
Other school activies common in the early 19th-century, according to Kett: wild student riots on college campuses, sometimes leading to the deaths of professors or locals (in the 1820s, Harvard students set off a keg of gunpowder); high school duels involving knives or guns, sometimes culminating in the deaths of students; scrimmages between higher and lower classes, sometimes leading to massive injuries on one side or the other, or both.
The New York Times ' Maslin says that Mira Sorvino ( Mighty Aphrodite ) and Lisa Kudrow ( Friends ), in their roles as bimbettes avenging the wrongs of high school, "elevat[e] bubble-headedness to new levels of comic ingenuity."
At high magnification, the
However, based upon the results of this analysis and our experience feeding critically ill patients, we recommend that critically ill patients who are not at high risk for aspiration have a nasogastric/orogastric tube placed on admission to the ICU for the early initiation of enteral nutrition.
Again the reversal of cleavage was complete for both Top67 and topoisomerase I within seconds after the addition of high salt and Mg 2+even when the reactions were carried out on ice (data not shown) so the lack of relaxation activity by Top67 is unlikely to be due to deficiency in religation.
What is largely Alexander's doing, however, is that the remaining grants reflect not a serious commitment to high culture in America but a kind of passive, middlebrow populism.
A high throughput virtual screening was carried out on the Available Chemicals Directory (MDL Information Systems, San Leandro, CA), a compound structure database of over 150,000 molecules.
After transduction with Ad5.UbP.GFP or Ad5.CMV5.GFP without PMA/ionomycin, the GFP positive and the GFP negative fractions of CD4 +cells were both CD62L high and CD25 low, confirming that the cells were initially of a resting phenotype and that adenoviral transduction did not activate them.
The retina, which is exposed to both sunlight and very high levels of oxygen, is exceptionally rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids, which makes it a favorable environment for the generation of reactive oxygen species.
One indication of this "complicated" times course is that a 2-exponential bolus response function r(t) no longer provides an accurate description of the venous concentration for the high resolution exact data (fig.
4Awith a cut-off of 10 -20, i.e., we not only required the sequences in a QuartOP to be each others top hit, but in addition we asked for a high similarity between the two sequences.
A cut point with a high sensitivity and specificity should be manifest in an ideal test.
The investigated type of diet is low in saturated fat, high in monounsaturated fat, mainly from olive oil, high in complex carbohydrates, from legumes, and high in fibre, mostly from vegetables and fruits.
Independent BLASTN comparisons identified sequences having very high similarity ( E < 10 -100) to vector sequences or moderately high similarity ( E < 10 -20) to non-nuclear or non-coding sequences obtained from GenBank.
Upon centrifugation, the pellet, containing cellular matrix, was resuspended in high salt buffer to release cytoskeleton-associated components.
The prevailing view is that the high growth of business mail reflects the healthy growth of the U.S. economy.
The high level of diversity among RSS makes it very difficult to evaluate their recombinogenic potential.
Her silence means either that she knows nothing or that she knows enough to extract a high price for her silence.
With the economy humming and Clinton high in the polls, the campaign's message, "Clinton II," sounds fine.
After all, it looks anything but silly--it seems knowledgeable and encyclopedic, and is written in a tone of high seriousness.
With equations 3 & 4, these statistics can be evaluated as excessively high (significant upper tail p-value or P↑, when the observed value is significantly higher than those in the reference distribution) or as excessively low (significant lower tail p-value or P↓, when the observed value is significantly lower than those in the reference distribution).
