We give them a chance to realize their own potential by giving them a place where they can develop a sense of competence, of usefulness, a sense of belonging and of influence.
Farther south in Crete, the Minoan culture developed after 2000 b.c. into the most significant of its age, spreading its influence throughout the region by trade and diplomacy.
In the wake of this tremendous natural upheaval, the Aegean Islands next came under the influence of the Mycenaeans (at around 1300 b.c. ), who had a base in the Peloponnese region of the Greek mainland.
At the same time, city-states began to grow in influence on the southern Greek mainland.
As Athens rose in influence and power in the West, it was matched in the East by the rise of the Persian Empire.
Although in 88 b.c. , Mithradates made a swift and successful raid from the East across Asia Minor and the Aegean Islands, the next major power change brought influence from the West.
The Romans ruled a pagan empire, but the Aegean had an important influence on the early development of Christianity.
Greece moved in to administer the land, but a new influence upset any grand dreams of making this region a part of greater Greece.
Essentially, he proposes that the parent of all Indo-European languages was itself born in central Anatolia, whence it spread eastward, westward, and northward, being modified by the influences of the languages with which it came into contact, till it ultimately emerged in its recognizable, modern manifestations which we categorize into Germanic, Hellenic, Italic, Indo-Iranian, Anatolian, Armenian, Celtic, Tocharian, Albanian, and BaltoSlavic.
Their influence waned, and they began to be absorbed into the general population.
The richness and variety of his own vocabulary was a good influence on that army of young readers.
Our data suggest that in addition to androgen-independent positional influences on fibroblast phenotypes, the AR is originally involved in establishing stable and reproducible patterns of gene expression in stromal cells during genital differentiation, which are reflected in the differences in global gene-expression patterns between fibroblasts cultured from the genital skin of normal individuals and females affected by AIS.
L: Can we ever escape the influence of that act?
Although partners and grandmothers in Bolivia may have an influence on feeding decisions because of their emotional importance to the mothers, it is unlikely that they will exert much effect through the transmission of facts.
This observation suggests that the chemical composition and properties of tissue membranes, specifically the acyl chains of the membrane phospholipids, directly influence the magnitude of the phase angle of an individual.
Hellenistic and Oriental influences were most evident in religion.
In his substantial Introduction, Lighter treats several aspects of his subject, from What Is Slang? through Slang in Its Cultural Environment, Some Features of Slang, The History of Slang, Influences on Slang: Military and Civilian, Slang in Other English-Speaking Countries, to Motives for Using Slang and a final word, History of the Project, the last revealing that the editor's initial interest in such a project went back to 1968.
Congress through the LSC Act intended "to provide high quality legal assistance to those who would be otherwise unable to afford adequate legal counsel," 42 U. S. C. §2996(2), but only if the program could at the same time "be kept free from the influence of or use by it of political pressures," §2996(5).
Supposed advantages at home (a trusted brand, political influence) will be useless in the booming international market.
SCF Slmbappears to influence other cell cycle events, perhaps by actions on other substrates, or perhaps as a result of events that are secondary to its influence on E2F destruction.
And, Gaddis concludes, "[T]he Americans lost influence in the Middle East as a result of Suez, while the Russians gained it."
And Ginsberg was noted for unleashing many of his more notable works in marathon sessions under the influence of controlled substances, while Podhoretz's work diverged so far from the liberal mainstream that one could argue it could only have emerged using similar means.
We found that this polymorphism had an independent, but very modest influence (7.
We have shown that phenotypic hiding has substantial influence on the equilibrium frequencies of mutants in selection-mutation balance, and on the speed at which deleterious mutants are lost from the population.
But it's a testament to the agenda-setting influence of conservatives these days that, on Social Security, we're debating the merits of lemonade, when the real issue is: Where do you get the water?
Antonin Scalia cast his two votes (his own and Clarence Thomas') with dissenting Justice Anthony Kennedy, who argued that the decision might limit the influence of the very rich, or so I understand it.
In early 2000, the United States began a high-level effort to persuade Pakistan to use its influence over the Taliban.
While genetic makeup and peer influence can override some elements of the home environment, parental attention, input, and example cannot be written off.
He caricatures it briefly, calls it "banal" and "tautological," and cites its influence on mainstream economics as further evidence of the corruption of the academy.
Critics say expansion could be another Yalta (the 1945 meeting at which Roosevelt, Churchill, and Stalin agreed on spheres of influence in postwar Europe)--imposing a line between East and West, and leaving nonmembers subject to Russian bullying.
examined the potential influence that adoption of transrectal ultrasound (TRUS) and PSA testing had on increasing prostate needle biopsy rates in the SEER areas from 1986 through 1991 [ 17 ] . Both TRUS and PSA testing rates, initially near zero, increased to almost 2,000 and 20,000 per 100,000, respectively.
Instead, research points to a combination of factors that influence the personal saving rate.
His key influence is his father Benzion, a fierce, tyrannical intellectual who has nothing but suspicion and hatred for Arabs.
The influence of race was not considered because of the high percentage of whites in Utah (i.e.
A multivariate analysis was performed to examine the influence of this polymorphism and other covariates (Table 3).
The NYT reports that even at the height of its influence, the Christian Coalition kept thousands of dead persons, duplicate names, and wrong addresses on its lists of supporters.
Some--such as Fox 's Brit Hume, McLaughlin 's Michael Barone and McLaughlin 's Lawrence O'Donnell--think he has been too damaged by his recently published views on World War II and Israeli political influence to make much of an impact.
Also, we were unable to measure some factors that have been found to be important in other reports, in particular, influence of physician age [ 11 ] , physician specialty [ 42 ] , type of hospital (teaching hospitals and hospitals with radiation facilities, private, county and public) [ 36 38 39 43 ] , socio-economic status and education [ 42 ] , tumor-breast ratio and the expected cosmetic results [ 7 9 ] , physician/patient interactions before surgery [ 42 ] , and psychological factors, such as fear of radiation or cancer [ 9 ] . The strengths of using of insurance claims data for this analysis were twofold.
He also supplied one-third of the budget of the Manufacturing Policy Program of Pat Choate, who ended up as Ross Perot's running mate in 1996 but first became famous for his book Agents of Influence , about the alleged influence-buying practices of foreign governments and corporations.
Measures of accuracy on the baited/unbaited four-arm task (experiment 3) demonstrated that a diet change in young adult animals (a change from Phyto-600 to Phyto-free) had a positive influence on the accuracy in males, but a negative influence on the accuracy in females.
We like to think that in our small way, we're having some influence on the conventional media, too.
A proportional-hazards regression model was used to assess the influence of gender on one-year survival.
Free agency and celebrity endorsements have exaggerated the influence of individual stars.

But Herrnstein and Murray's method of figuring socioeconomic status seems designed to low-ball its influence, as explains.
Genes or exons which have a K a /K s ≈ 1 are inferred to evolve in the absence of functional constraint; genes or exons which have a K a /K s > 1 are inferred to evolve under the influence of positive selection.
In the real world, however, top management has much more influence on and interaction with the outside auditors.
Most newspapers have elaborate church-state segregation to prevent even the suggestion of influence from the corporate side.
While we wish to avoid speculating as to potential mechanisms underlying the direct influence of the NAO on wolf dynamics indicated by our analysis (Table 1), it may be worth considering that residual variation in annual wolf mortality, after accounting for the influences of wolf density and pack size [ 6 ] , correlates negatively with the current-year NAO index (standardized r = -0.
In our study, adjusting for TURP-detected cases allowed us to better assess the influence of screening on prostate cancer incidence trends.
However, the influence of race concurs with other investigations [ 11 12 ] ; race may have a significant influence on body temperatures and needs to be studied further.
No general theory is available for the evolutionary dynamic of a viral quasispecies under the influence of virus density as it changes with changing m.o.i.
Then there's the matter of our cultural influence, which is huge (and by no means entirely benign), even if its full magnitude isn't always appreciated by the NPR crowd.
It noted the disproportionate influence of Iran's 1 million university students in a country of some 62 million where more than 60 percent are under 25 years old.
In a companion paper, the impact of hormonal manipulation and dietary phytoestrogens' influence on VSM is examined and validates several aspects of the findings from the present study.
The Sogas had promoted Buddhism as an imperially sanctioned counterweight to the native Shinto religion, along with the new Chinese customs, to weaken the influence of their more conservative rivals.
She told us that, in general, putting the Pakistanis on the terrorist list would eliminate any influence the United States had over them.
It is very unusual to consider the influence of diet in hormone sensitive research investigations.
We evaluated the bivariate relationships between gender and outcome with selected baseline covariates, and constructed a time-series repeated measures regression model [ 20 21 ] to describe the influence of gender on the outcome using data at baseline and two, six, nine and 12 months.
Tests on other locations of the dipole relative to the phantom (near the ear, the loop or the meander) showed no influence up to a maximum available radiation power of 6 W. The uncertainty of the transmitting power measurement was less than ± 30%, and is basically composed of the uncertainty of the power measurement itself and the uncertainty of the direction coupler parameters.
A max is not determined when heart has tetanized because of the marked influence of the shape change and desaturation of myoglobin on the reflectance spectrum.
In an hour-long speech to GOPAC Monday night, he boasted about the Contract With America's influence in Mongolia.
is a less complex question because the criterion is fairly clear, the focus is narrow, the influences on compliance are likely to be relatively few, and the relation of input and output is likely to be fairly direct.
I must, however, give you kudos for being the first writer I've ever seen limn Beck's Godley Creme influence.
Meta-analysis of Time-series Suties of Air Pollution and Mortality: Effects of Gases and Particles and the Influence of Cause of Death, Age, and Season.
Through writers like Qutb, and the presence of Egyptian Islamist teachers in the Saudi educational system, Islamists already had a strong intellectual influence on Bin Ladin and his al Qaeda colleagues.
Furthermore, since 1) insulin resistance is neither necessary nor sufficient for the development of T2DM, 2) this polymorphism has only a very modest influence on insulin sensitivity, and 3) beta cell dysfunction, on which this polymorphism has no influence in the present study, plays a key role in the development of overt diabetes [ 2], the population association studies and linkage studies are not able to detect the interaction between this polymorphism and the diabetes phenotype.
Its proximity to the US — only 90 minutes from Miami by air — means that cultural influences for the young are found in American entertainment media and sports.
The latter was built by Shogun Ieyasu Tokugawa to split and counteract the powerful influence of Nishi-Honganji, which had attracted thousands of followers with its free-wheeling Buddhism: it allowed priests to marry and have children, permitted the eating of meat, and renounced traditional ascetic practices.
In social science terms, the Republicans believe there is a correlation between the influence of religion and obedience to the law.
In Picardy the Flemish influence is unmistakable, and although Alsace may celebrate Bastille Day at least as proudly as any other French province, its cuisine, wines, and dialect all reveal a profoundly Germanic influence.
Greece moved in to administer the land, but a new influence upset any grand dreams of making this region a part of greater Greece.
To ignore or scorn writing and its influences is struthious and unscholarly, and this emerging crop of books, besides their attractive graphics—excuse the pun— are welcome.
The influence of Guadalupe is as powerful today as it was 450 years ago.
And that we ought to pay attention to the influences that are changing this architecture, and therefore changing this freedom.
The nation has recently considered leaning toward the mainstream right to expand its influence.
This tobacco use prevention program is also consistent with guidelines by the Centers for Disease Prevention and Control [ 18 ] which recommend inclusion of content which addresses the short term effects of tobacco use, social influences of tobacco use, marketing of tobacco products, initiation of educational programs in elementary school and soliciting community support.
The United States has had to find ways to extend its reach, straining the limits of its influence.
We observe that selective MP-based estimates of power are more sensitive to the effect of influence of both drugs than the spectral integrals.
In this study the bivariate variation of heart rate and respiratory rate is estimated with respect to their influence on the frequency ratio of heartbeat and respiration (according to the error propagation law):
We selected 25 field sites (approximately 1 hectare in area) in and near Utah that differ in factors that influence weather such as elevation, longitude and latitude, proximity to permanent water sources, and topography.
A major goal of this research was to determine if alpha-tocopherol and gamma-tocopherol interacted with each other so as influence their uptake and depletion.
Although in 88 b.c. , Mithradates made a swift and successful raid from the East across Asia Minor and the Aegean Islands, the next major power change brought influence from the West.
At each examined frequency, the transmitting power of the dipole was increased until the implant showed an influence.
Table 4.1:Selected Federal Income Tax Provisions That Influence 
The dominance of Coke, for example, in the cola wars may date to the influence of Gen.
Different positions of the leg between the electrodes were tested with no influence on the toxicity.
Kurlak is simply an extreme example of Wall Street's new reality, which is that no one has as much influence as the people who supposedly know where a company's stock price is going to go.
Pakistan has been the key supporter, but Saudi Arabia and the United States--both keen to stem Iranian influence in the region--also are believed to have supplied finance.
There is nothing new about other nations resenting U.S. influence on their political, economic, and cultural lives.
A previous study has reported that the presence of capsaicin and chemical cross-linkers influence the formation of multimers in VR1 [ 23 ] . Moreover, this study reported that cross-linking could be a Ca 2+mediated process, through the activation of endogenous transglutaminases.
But after so many years closed off from the rest of Europe, of equal significance was the injection of foreign influences into Franco’s once hermetically sealed Spain.
This work was supported in part by a grant from Novartis Pharma AG Basel, but was carried out without influence from its sponsor.
My conversation with Stockdale had a profound influence on me, but I never really considered it a business lesson until my research team began to wrestle with the question of why some companies rise from difficulty to become great while others emerge from those exact same difficulties weakened and dispirited.
largely lost amidst the overwhelming Spanish influence, local leaders sought to rediscover their native roots and redefine what it meant to be a part of indigenous culture.
The Pan-Mayan movement thus benefits from the lasting influence of the popular left on Guatemalan governmental policies without risking drawing the (often negative) attention of the government (England 2003: 735, Warren 2003: 181).
This results in part from the ingrained influences of Spanish colonialism: Spanish continues to be associated with modernity and social mobility, whereas Maya is seen as backward and inferior.
Illiteracy and poverty is associated with Maya; thus there is the conflict between the desire to recapture the unique Mayan identity via the language and the need to improve living conditions, which most often occurs under Spanish influence.
Fault displacements of the surface at the time of an earthquake are obvious, and its influence on alluvial rivers can be observed.
However, this type of deformation can also be an important influence on river behavior.
Changes of valley-floor gradient provide an explanation of downstream pattern variations, but variations of valley-floor slope can be the result of several influences.
Nevertheless, anomalous reaches that are not related to artificial controls, tributary influences, lithologic change, or paleotectonics may reasonably be assumed to be the result of active tectonics until proved otherwise.
Lakes can also provide information on subsidence, and ria lakes can be evidence of tilting or even hydrologic and climatic influences.
From micro-level enactment we see macro-level influence and patterns, order and shape in the independent film industry.
Meanwhile, their influence on other project participants can be retained in the sponsoring company, or the host industry, or both.
all for the sake of protecting wholesaler profits by giving them unprecedented control and influence over the entire American alcohol industry.
Because of the new legitimacy Las Vegas acquired from Hughes’ investments, established companies such as Hilton Hotels bought into the gaming business, and their influence helped draw a line in the desert sand between legitimate operations and mob casinos, where illegal skimming of profits was rampant.
That, combined with the formation of the Nevada Gaming Control Board, would signal the beginning of the end for heavy mob influence in the city.
But in fact, there have been changes, many of them due to economic progress, new construction, and other factors that influence cities all over the world.
The Chinese legend of Madame White Snake, the snake demon that takes human form and becomes the wife of a man, has exerted a lasting influence over East Asian folktales and fiction for centuries.
Maxwell Miller, Le Gougne's lawyer in Salt Lake City, said no evidence of organized crime influence came up in her suspension hearings before the ISU "I think this situation vindicates the argument that we've made all along," he said.
Maxwell Miller, Le Gougne's lawyer in Salt Lake City, said no evidence of organized crime influence came up in her suspension hearings before the ISU "I think this situation vindicates the argument that we've made all along," he said.
However, the representatives were shunted to the side and ignored in Washington, since Youngstown’s political influence had died with its industry.
LORD CUTLER BECKETT: Your authority as governor, your influence in London, and your loyalty to the East India Trading Company.
There was such a brief consensus in the late 1890s, when both architects and the American public, under the influence of the immensely popular World’s Columbian Exposition, embraced Classicism, at least for public buildings.
This volte face gave rise to the so-called Brutalist style, which had a worldwide influence, shaping the work of architects as dissimilar as James Stirling and Paul Rudolph, and ultimately opening the door to Postmodern stylistic experiments such as Charles Moore’s little house in the Berkeley hills.
H. H. Richardson’s influence was considerably shorter-lived, but for at least 20 years Richardsonian Romanesque rolled over the United States like an “aesthetic Juggernaut,” in Cram’s colorful phrase.
Its influence now includes a legitimate downtown storefront; a sister shop in Albany ( Albany Bicycle Coalition ); movie screenings and pro-cycling political events; and a dedicated core crew that keeps everything rolling.
And that's a case where we need to use our influence to have countries in Africa come together and help deal with the situation.
That's a place where we can use our generosity to influence in a positive way, influence nations.
