From the fact that Hitler set out to conquer Europe and more and to kill Jewry, we cannot deduce that he ought to have done so.
"It is wrong to kill."
They had killed or captured about a quarter of the enemy's known leaders.
Mohammed Atef, al Qaeda's military commander and a principal figure in the 9/11 plot, had been killed by a U.S. air strike.
Mark Twain poses us a little mystery in Pudd'nhead Wilson: which knife does the killing?
“Chutzpa is that quality enshrined in a man, who, having killed his mother and father, throws himself on the mercy of the court because he is an orphan.
The importance of dialect is emphasized regularly in the press, where we read about people being killed, as in parts of India, because they use the wrong shibboleths.
Please my dear beloved, our plans now are to relocate from Ghana since we can not afford to go back to Liberia following our past experience as they killed our parents, but we will need to move out the fund left by my late father here in Ghana.
Lady, your hubby saw me kill that last girl in the park.
Its crazy and going to get us both killed.
I was picturing something horrible, something on its way to kill Karon.
Now it was time to kill a human.
Kill me now!
I killed the penguin of my dreams.
I wanted to kill him, too.
He told them he didn’t know, so they killed him.
Melody had watched it all happen, she ran after the ones that killed her, but they had talents that she did not.
One day, the irony may very well kill you.
I think that boy wants to kill her.
It was a 14-year-old from R Street who got his crew of six together and ran their drug block killing another 14-year-old and his crew from a block away.
By LAURA MANSNERUS TRENTON, N.J. The New Jersey Supreme Court on Tuesday overturned the death sentence of Leslie Ann Nelson, a transsexual go-go dancer who killed a police officer and an investigator with an AK-47 rifle.
Zazzali and Long had expressed similar reservations in June 2001 when the court overturned the death sentence of Thomas J. Koskovich, who was 18 when he killed two pizza deliverymen in an ambush.
During a 14-hour standoff, she killed a patrolman and an investigator from the Camden County prosecutor's office.
Marshall, an insurance agent from Toms River, was convicted of hiring a man to kill his wife while the couple were going home after an evening of dining and gambling in Atlantic City.
There is a huge difference, for example, between playing a game like "Quake" and listening to a radio broadcast that tells you that your family will be killed unless you take action to kill others now.
There is a huge difference, for example, between playing a game like "Quake" and listening to a radio broadcast that tells you that your family will be killed unless you take action to kill others now.
The latter is the kind of media propaganda that was used to unleash a genocide in Rwanda in 1994, which killed 800,000 people.
Obviously, media propaganda can incite people to kill.
Mustafa was 14 years when he was killed.
This booing by the crowd, not mentioned with a single word in your transcript or your article, shows that the crowd was fully aware of the controversy they would cause by coming to Littleton after children were being killed there -- and they effectively said "Fuck you".
After the Flint rally comes a brief TV interview with Heston, where he is asked about Kayla Rolland (again, clear evidence that the local media in Flint raised questions about the NRA's presence), then an inteview with country prosecutor Arthur Busch, entirely ignored by critics of the film, who also mentions Heston's presence as notable, and refers to the immediate reactions of "people from all over America", gun owners/groups who, according to him, reacted aggressively to warnings of having guns accessible to children, much like spanking advocates react aggressively when anti-spankers point to a case of a child being killed or severely injured by a beating.
In Guatemala over 450 villages were destroyed, 200,000 Mayans were killed, and over 1 million more were displaced.
Now, many more moderate Muslims have become radicalized, world-wide, willing to kill innocent civilians in order to achieve their purposes.
By trying to "stamp out" terrorism by killing terrorists, Bush and Israel have made things infinitely worse for us: more dangerous, not safer.

About 5,000 Arabs and several hundred Jews were killed in riots and guerrilla attacks between 1936 and 1939.
Thanks to the help of caring and concerned people like you, Audubon won a temporary halt to this planned killing last spring -- but the USDA’s plans could be up and running for the next blackbird migration, unless we act now.
The USDA wants to conduct an “experiment” that will spread enough poison in our environment to kill two million blackbirds.
And if the death of two million birds doesn’t “prove” their theory -- and show a reduction in crop loss -- they’ll likely seek the right to kill even more birds the next year!
Because the USDA’s slow-acting pesticide takes three days to kill, its victims will likely fly many miles from the poisoned fields, before falling to the ground.
In all, nine birds on the Federal threatened or endangered lists and 11 birds on Audubon’s WatchList of imperiled species could be found in these killing fields.
But as soon as I coughed, I laughed, and I did not try to kill myself that night.
Tell me, or I'll kill --"

And if history is any guide, over the years thousands of Alaska’s wolves will be brutally killed.
Before the 1996 ban on same-day land-and-shoot, as many as 400 wolves were killed in Alaska each year because of this barbaric and unethical practice.
The only way Alaskans can repeal the new law and reinstate the ban on same-day airborne land-and-shoot wolf killing is with a Citizens’ Referendum.
SIGN the enclosed Citizens’ Advisory Ballot to show your support for repealing “same-day airborne land-and-shoot” wolf killing in Alaska; 2.
But here's the thing -- frogs are mutating due to the planet trying to kill itself.
This bill, currently in Congress, would give wholesaler lobbyists the means to turn back the clock on consumer access to wine, lead to the passage of laws that override federal regulations on alcohol, kill jobs and business that focus on artisan production of wine, beer and spirits, punish and dismantle small specialty wine retailers that serve the consumers that wholesalers won't and override the critical Constitutional principle of a single American economic union...
Just enough for us all to be able to barely avoid killing each other.
Can you imagine the lion on our calendar cover being cruelly killed for a hunter’s trophy?
For those with short attention spans, the Kursk was the submarine that blew up and sank in the Arctic Ocean killing all 118 on board.
Simple: If I sell it, my wife would kill me!
My dream of love is vanished forever, that time is gone and my despair is killing me.
It's speaking English that kills you.
He tried to kill a vampire by driving a pork chop through its heart because steaks were too expensive.
Get A Life - Learn To Kill Spiders Yourself 12.
I'd kill for a Nobel P(e)ace Prize.
Rome did not create a great empire by having meetings, they did it by killing anybody who opposed them.
A while later he gets up, tenderly feeling the bump on his head and shrugging off the dust, and continues onto his friend's house, the whole time wondering what the devil that big darn thing was that nearly killed him.
Every Morning Every morning an antelope wakes up knowing it has to outrun the fastest cougar or it will be killed.
They created the rex, and from what I've read in the paper, they created a beast capable of killing the rex.
ALAN GRANT Right, and one of them was killed by the Spinosaur while I was on the island.
Maybe the Spinosaur killed the other two in the interim since he killed the first one maybe they swam for it and drowned.
Maybe the Spinosaur killed the other two in the interim since he killed the first one maybe they swam for it and drowned.
If they destroyed your trailers because you took their infant, imagine what they'd have done if you had killed it.
IAN MALCOLM So the Spinosaur kills the baby rex and mom goes out looking for revenge?
Jutta Kill, of the Forests and the European Union Resource Network (FERN), was the most vehement opponent of the practice, arguing it probably did more harm than good.
We believe it is worse than nothing because it creates the illusion, or the impression, in the public that action is being taken, while we are not really addressing the task at hand, significantly reducing greenhouse gas emissions," Ms Kill told MPs.
Even today, after years of public outrage, dolphins continue to die in tuna fisheries of other countries and are still being cruelly and often illegally killed by gillnets and harpoons.
Japan surrendered within days of the detonation of the atomic bombs that killed 140,000 people in Hiroshima on Aug. 6, 1945, and 70,000 in Nagasaki three days later.




listening to "kill the wabbit" Checking out all the twitter hype making a twitter shirt Waiting in line for Potter.
Kill me now.
You kill me...
Stop killing yourself with cigarettes!
Do you know superfluous body kilograms kill a lot of people around the planet?
I was noodling on Vampires the other day, but also lumped Zombies, Pirates and Ninjas in the mix.
According to Rojas, Joaquín lived for revenge, and he searched every mining camp in California until he found all thirteen men who committed the crime and killed them.
There's the messed-up sexuality of Antigua, the way girls are taught to be virgins while boys are encouraged to be careless and promiscuous; Kincaid's heroines have suffered from this sick training, and here we watch it slowly kill her brother.
What if there was a big picture of, say, the Jews killing Christ.
According to myth, King Acrisius, hearing the prediction that he'd be killed by his own grandson, locked up his only child, Danaë, in a tower.
Tannen laments that cops and soldiers have been "trained to overcome their resistance to kill" by trying "not to think of their opponents as human beings."
Time 's O.J. cover goes inside the Brown/Goldman camp, revealing evidence that the plaintiffs didn't use, including a witness who saw O.J. demonstrate how to kill someone with a knife.
While all of the peptides blocked the agonist effects of TNFα indicating that they can act as antagonists, KcC7, KcF6 and KcF12 by themselves induced a cytotoxic response by killing SK-N-BE cells in the absence of TNFα.
I guess what kills me is that he's a talented, smart, able guy and he's just tossing it away without a care.
Zinni and Schoomaker did make preparations for possible very high risk in-and-out operations to capture or kill terrorists.
Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., as saying Murdoch was China's "willing accomplice" in suppressing the truth about human rights: "His action to kill Christopher Patten's book is not isolated and is part of a pattern."
More than 500 people were killed and many buildings damaged — you can see the bullet holes on the General Post Office building, and the Royal College of Surgeons — before the Rising was put down.
1. Kill Bradley's momentum.
Don't count your chickens before they are hatched (F) Il ne faut pas vendre la peau de l'ours avant de l'avoir tué You should not sell the skin of the bear before you have killed him; (G) Man soll die Haut nicht verkaufen, ehe man den Bären gefangen hat You should not sell the skin before you have caught the bear; (R) He \?\ Not having killed the bear, do not sell the skin; (S) No vendas la piel del oso antes de matarlo Don't sell the skin of the bear before you have killed him.
"I had a client come in off the street one day and she said, `I'm really afraid he's going to kill me this time, I need a protection from abuse order.
Much of Backlash is dedicated to demolishing both the Bloom-Craig research itself and Newsweek's further distortion of it-most famously, Newsweek's preposterous claim that a single gal was more likely to be killed by a terrorist than to find a mate.
Is it possible to kill yourself while thinking clearly?
The war is over and Barlow has just killed his first man.
The fourth explosion in two weeks killed at least 18 people, bringing the death toll to nearly 300.
The quake killed at least 700 people and left at least 180,000 without homes.
He tol' me I was a fool to kill de her whut lay de golden egg.
Even with a bunch of terrorists conveniently assembled in a single spot, the cruise missile strike in Afghanistan was self-defeating: It no doubt guaranteed Osama Bin Laden 10 new recruits for every terrorist who was killed.
Analysts questioned whether her appearance before the commission, which was supposed to help revive her political career, might end up killing it.
Instead, few of them had much of a popular base, all their careers were squelched by Stalin, and most of them were killed.
2 billion in R and D for the plane was left untouched, and Korb notes that this sort of pot has been used in the past to resuscitate killed or virtually killed aircraft such as the B-1 and B-2 bombers and the Osprey tilt rotor aircraft.
"It was in the best interest of the United States to have my dad killed."
(By that, Schroen explained, he meant that the chance of capturing or killing Bin Ladin was about 40 percent.)
Can you imagine circumstances in which you'd kill again?
Its T-shirts are decorated with pentagrams and slogans like "Kill God, Kill Your Mom and Dad, Kill Yourself."
Therefore he killed the four students to send King Hussein a message."
 (1971) that St. Clair herself stood up to Schultz, even asking city officials to crack down on his racket.
Gore has been telling blacks and Hispanics that Bradley's health-care plan would kill Medicaid and provide no sufficient alternative.
Plan B entailed killing off SS guards held in American POW camps.
Both the WP and LAT stress that many serious skiing accidents occur in the late afternoon, with the LAT observing that Kennedy was killed at 4:15 PM, Bono at 4:30 PM.
The one thing that inclines me to vote for Inglis is his attempts to kill the Southern Connector (the "needed highway" of Plotz's example).
Democrats accused Republicans of killing the bill at the behest of Big Tobacco.
"Let's hunt and kill Chase Untermeyer."
Irradiators containing cobalt-60 or another radioactive source would bombard hamburger, apple juice, and other foods with gamma rays, killing resident bacteria and parasites.
Studio share prices are erratic because there are no guaranteed earnings: A studio that makes a killing this year may get killed next year.
The resulting crash killed 583 people in what is still the most destructive accident in aviation history.
We always talked about how much easier it would have been to kill him," a former chief of the Bin Ladin unit said.
We said, "You mean, 'Have him killed.
As a result, they avoid the concussive head wounds that kill boxers--and the long-term neurological damage that cripples them.
The FDNY Chief of Department, the Port Authority Police Department Superintendent, and many of their senior staff were killed.
Inside pieces at both the WP and the NYT report that the Senate yesterday killed an attempt at campaign finance reform, probably tabling such efforts for the rest of the year.
When it comes to suburban high schools, though, I can say, as a survivor of the experience, that it's a community almost perfectly designed to crush, twist, and kill the spirits of those who are different, thoughtful, or just have the bad luck to be on the wrong side of the school-endorsed elite.
Jones gave me a D, and I could just kill her for that."
Decay killed so many teeth that fancier problems seldom arose.
(title and character from a corrido who was killed in a -cantina).
Parry's fixation feels like a blunt instrument in comparison, and one begins to long for the delicate moral complexity of the tragedy that produced him in the first place: Five strangers converging in the center of a field to save a child, and killing a man instead.
This scene is now the centerpiece of a lawsuit by parents in Paduchah, Ky., who say the 14-year-old shooter who killed three children was motivated by the movie.
The trick is to think of me less as the new sheriff in town and more as one of the nannies the von Trapp children killed before Maria.
Then it appears that the large rubber tortoises are good guys, and perhaps didn't mean to kill him.
When I tell people I'm an ultimate fighting fan, they invariably respond: "Don't people get killed all the time doing that?"
Bush : Seems like to me `Thou Shalt Not Kill' is pretty universal.
And 63 percent of those killed in car crashes were not wearing seat belts.
A unanimous jury condemned avowed racist Lawrence Russell Brewer for killing James Byrd Jr., a black man who was dragged alive for three miles behind a pickup truck before his head was torn off by a concrete culvert.
2. Contemplating trouble on the range, Sam Luce said, "They are in our chicken houses, killing our chickens, killing our barn cats.
It is apparent that H 2 O 2 killed more cells in cultures of lower density (10,000 cells/well) than expected.
(`Kill the Christian Democrats'?)
Only USAT notes that a Turkish quake in 1939 killed 40,000 people.
For instance, a ninth-century B.C. inscription memorializing a victory over the "House of David" provides material evidence of the Jewish king's existence, while the remains of a crucifixion victim indicate that the Romans would have killed Jesus as the gospels allege.
The British sent in massive troop reinforcements, but the killing continued, mainly European managers in the tin and rubber industries.
The attack did not provoke riots and further bloodshed, in part because the soldier was a lousy shot and failed to kill anyone, and in part because Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expeditiously phoned Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to condemn the shooting.
And, as you point out in your piece, these were issues involving life and death--not only TOWs in Iran but also aid to the guerrilla fighters in Nicaragua, who were regularly implicated in killing peasant villagers and others.
But killing himself with pills might accelerate his reincarnation as a 38DD bra, so better to let him swim along in his pool of piety.)
He is said to have killed a man in a brawl and once stomped a crippled heckler in the stands.
Downside: Could be the night God's wrath descends on Rupert Murdoch, killing hundreds of literacy volunteers in corollary damage from lightning strike.
This: an absolute commitment to your own principle, whatever it may be--the kind of commitment that expresses itself in only one way, by a willingness to kill other people on its behalf, and to be killed in turn.
F. Troops brandish Galil assault rifles; vigilantes use rifles, pistols, machetes to kill 45 suspected looters.
To kill extracellular bacteria, 3 mL of RPMI 1640/10% FCS containing 200 μg amikacin/mL was added to each well.
The story also has the most details from the trial evidence, such as running quotes from Markhasev's jailhouse letters to another inmate, in which he says that he went to kill a drug dealer who wasn't home and then came upon Ennis Cosby fixing a flat tire, and details about how the informant who turned Markhasev in to get a $100,000 National Enquirer reward testified that the defendant told him he'd killed Cosby.
Peanuts can kill and have killed.
Both parties support the drug war and its attendant police-state apparatus--no-knock raids, forfeiture of property of people who haven't been convicted of anything, Draconian sentences, peeing on command as a requirement for getting or holding jobs, etc.--the latest thing is they want to inflict on Florida a genetically engineered fungus that's supposed to kill marijuana plants, although no one can guarantee it won't be an ecological disaster; these people are crazy!
It's important to remember, of course, that not engaging in certain kinds of leisure activity (read: exercise) will also kill you; heart disease remains the No. 1 cause of death in the United States.
c) "Kill 'em all, let God sort 'em out."
Bin Ladin reportedly showed particular interest in learning how to use truck bombs such as the one that had killed 241 U.S.
Therefore, at high levels of infection, it appears that mycobacteria survive while the host macrophage is killed.
While they were doing so, the NorthTower began its pancake collapse, killing some of these men.
At the end of the experiment, the animals were killed with intravenous pentobarbital and the exact position of the esophageal probe was verified.
The city council has, says the paper, agreed to hold a special election on requiring all local furriers to put warning tags on their garments that would read: "This product is made with fur from animals that may have been killed by electrocution, gassing, neck breaking, poisoning, clubbing, stomping, or drowning and may have been trapped in steel-jaw, leg-hold traps."
Maybe Newsweek killed the story because they didn't have the goods, Donaldson bellowed.
But on December 21, the day after principals decided not to launch the cruise missile strike against Kandahar, the CIA's leaders urged strengthening the language to allow the tribals to be paid whether Bin Ladin was captured or killed.
"The trees talk about how to kill another celebrity."
They were foiled when French anti-terrorist commandos stormed the jet as it was parked and killed the terrorists.
Tragically, a truck driver was killed when the airborne heifer smashed through the windshield of his vehicle and struck him in the head.
To enhance Algeria's chances of peace, Pakistan's Dawn said in an editorial that the recent upsurge of political violence--at least 130 people have been killed by armed extremists in recent weeks--must "not be allowed to weaken or derail" the peace efforts.
Most researchers hope to control HIV with antibodies that kill the virus.
The paper says the boys have confessed to the July 27 killing.
Unlike, say, a German shepherd, pit bulls were not bred to protect humans but to kill other dogs.
The bomb blew up a Pan Am plane over Scotland, killing 270 people, most of them Americans.
And while Dietl stopped short of actually naming anyone, a teaser assured us that the following week the Star would reveal "who really killed JonBenet and why."
Quoting a military manual leaked to the Jakarta Post , the paper said platoon leaders have been authorized to use live ammunition "in self-defense to cripple rioters who are clearly threatening to kill others [or to] cause heavy material damage."
In an editorial Monday (once you're on the page, scroll down to read the piece), the Independent said it is now widely assumed that "the object of Western policy in Iraq is the removal of Saddam Hussein--a polite way of saying killing him, because it is hard to see how he might be dislodged otherwise."
Says a woman who serves as the picture's lone voice of reason: "I thank God it is a white man who kills all of those white people.
The marginal cost of killing an innocent party would be quite low if the sanction for stealing radios were life imprisonment for first-time offenders.
For example, many organisms make complex natural products whose roles generally involve killing or manipulating other organisms.
"The CIA," he is quoted, "taught us explosives, how to kill, bomb, trained us in acts of sabotage.
If the murderer did not eat the victim, he or she did not need to kill the victim in the first place.
In fact, in 1930, after 37 years of service, the train exploded, killing a number of people.
Kill 'em with kindness, and they don't know where to look.
Two suicide bombers killed at least 14 people and injured more than 150 at a vegetable market in Jerusalem.
In 1927, a 55-year-old school-board official detonated three bombs in the Bath, Mich., schoolhouse, killing 45 people.
Since fungi are killed, radiation-pasteurized food lasts longer, too--up to two weeks in the fridge instead of a few days.
Kill and Die for &quot;Credibility&quot;?
An article claims crime fiction's runaway success might kill the genre.
All lives ought to be considered equal under the law; if you kill someone because they're gay, it shouldn't be worse than killing someone because they like the Mets.
Clinton's concern about possibly killing 10,000 Iraqis (a "medium case scenario") in the face of Iraq's overture won out.
President Clinton postponed the destruction of the U.S. government's last samples of smallpox . The U.S. and Russian governments have the only known samples of the virus, which was eradicated in the 1970s after it had killed 500 million people this century.
Cortés abandoned her to return to Spain, and according to the legend Malinche killed their son with a knife.
In Harrison's case, it became the centerpiece of a multiple-count indictment handed down by Michael Shnayerson in the February Vanity Fair , the fallout of which was that The New Yorker killed a scheduled excerpt.
Defense Secretary Cohen told us it would not have been prudent to risk killing civilians based only on an assumption that al Qaeda was responsible.
Scientists note that the 1918 flu, which killed more than 20 million people, also came from birds and started slowly before spreading around the globe.
An editorial congratulates the Senate for killing the "arms control fantasies" of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.
I have a Pavlovian reaction to the pre-title black-white-and-red bit with Monty Norman's theme and the gun site roving over the latest 007 as he saunters to the center of the frame--I go, "Kill 'em, Bond!"
When Malcolm, rejoicing over a plane crash that killed 120 white Atlantans, chalked the disaster up to "our God" and hoped that "every day another plane falls out of the sky," King could only reply, feebly, "I would certainly disagree with him."
The London Evening Standard led Wednesday with a report that Rwandan rebels threatened to kill U.S. and British tourists two weeks before the murders, but the Ugandan authorities failed to pass on the warnings.
Biskind's book, accordingly, concludes with a litany of spectacular flameouts: Coppola's Apocalypse Now and One From the Heart, Spielberg's 1941 , William Friedkin's Sorcerer, and, of course, Michael Cimino's Heaven's Gate . According to Mardik Martin, Scorsese's erstwhile writing partner (as quoted by Biskind): "The auteur theory killed all these people.
A disgruntled day trader killed 12 people in Atlanta.
James Pavitt, the assistant head of the Directorate of Operations, expressed concern that people might get killed; it appears he thought the operation had at least a slight flavor of a plan for an assassination.
Several hours later the missionary opened the refrigerator door only to find one very angry, naked rooster staring at him: he hadn't told the cook to kill it first.
They have massed their troops, they have continued to take aggressive action, they have already leveled one village in the recent past and killed a lot of innocent people."
(It was partly my passion for Haynes' films that led me to accept a job offer from his indefatigable producer Christine Vachon last year to collaborate on a nuts-and-bolts book about producing, Shooting To Kill . So my review of Velvet Goldmine --like my review of Vachon's other recent release, Happiness --should be read as the work of a partisan.
Peanuts can kill and have killed.
We did not act quickly enough after the killing began.
Triclosan clings to your teeth even after you finish brushing and continues to kill bacteria (the dentist says you may feel a "residual slipperiness" after you brush with Total).
Since federal law restricts research on fetal tissue and human embryos, the debate over stem cells has focused on whether they are embryos and, if not, whether scientists are killing embryos to get them.
I think school massacres and teen-age girls killing their infants are ultimately about despair and fatalism.
Medical mishaps kill between 44,000 and 98,000 Americans per year--more than breast cancer, car accidents, or AIDS--and cost an estimated $9 billion annually.
First, the earthquake of 1923 and subsequent fire razed nearly all vestiges of old Edo, killing some 140,000 people in the process.
McCain sat ringside at a boxing match where a fighter was killed.
"There is a war going on between the peace process and terror" in Israel and the Palestinian territories, political scientist Yaron Ezrhahi told the New York Times . The bombers "are fighting the peace process because they know it promises to kill terror once and for all."
The King family's attorneys argued that the FBI, CIA, mafia, and media conspired to kill King because of his political views.
What I mean by that is not the obvious point, which is that if these companies didn't make products that kill people, they wouldn't be in trouble.
Carr explained that farm-bred dizzy pheasants mean more kids get to kill a bird.
On 1 February 1908, the royal family was riding in an open carriage along the Lisbon river front plaza, Terreiro do Paço, when an assassin opened fire and killed King Carlos and the heir to the throne, Prince Luis Filipe.
Between 1963 and 1975, Israeli-affiliated units killed more than 10,000 Iraqi soldiers.
The paper adds that in a jailhouse interview Monday night, he told a TV reporter that he had dreamed about killing women for 30 years.
But the GOP's decision to kill it for the same reason was no less political.
Bad press is bad for anybody, but bad press is worse when it's directed at the press, as Disney learned when it killed a story by its ABC News subsidiary that criticized safety at Disney theme parks.
If Monica must be killed to save the president, she will be killed (metaphorically speaking, of course).
Confronted with a violent Islamist movement that killed President Anwar Sadat in 1981, the Egyptian government combined harsh repression of Islamic militants with harassment of moderate Islamic scholars and authors, driving many into exile.
Separately, Serbian forces reportedly killed 15 ethnic-Albanian rebels.
"At the last minute, at 6 p.m. on Saturday evening, Newsweek magazine killed a story that was destined to shake official Washington to its foundation: A White House intern carried on a sexual affair with the President of the United States!"
No, wait, sorry--he can also attempt to emulate it by persuading the Florida legislature to "reform" its death penalty statutes so they can kill folks as fast as Texans do.
And where you'll be provoked by a piece about a recent Arizona killing involving bounty hunters to realize that this field is preposterously under-regulated.
King would be the first white executed in Texas for killing a black since the 1850s.
When a wealthy Boston union leader is killed in an apparent hunting accident, Wade has a hunch that the man was murdered.
Kevorkian, acting as his own attorney, is arguing that it was a mercy killing.
Big Tobacco didn't kill the bill, argues Gigot, the bill killed itself.
Researchers giving placebos, they said, were knowingly killing children.
To drive home his point that inaction, like action, requires justification and bears consequences, Clinton distilled his frame job to a brilliant sound bite: "In dealing with aggressors in the Balkans, hesitation is a license to kill."
The cover story canonizes Littleton victim Cassie Bernall, the born-again Christian teen-ager killed after declaring her faith in God.
Fluellen's remark follows immediately Henry's order to his men to kill their prisoners, which would have scared anybody in Shakespeare' audience who knows anything about war: The side whose captured soldiers have been murdered invariably retaliates by killing the men it has captured, and the men ordered to slit their prisoners' throats understood that.
He jailed or killed thousands of Albanian Kosovars and banned Albanian-language publications.
About 5,000 Arabs and several hundred Jews were killed in riots and guerrilla attacks between 1936 and 1939.
The paper notes a simple example of the predicament: Cohen waved about a photo of a mother and infant killed by Iraqi chemical warfare while arguing against deposing or killing Hussein.
As for the smoking story, what's gone unreported in the Times is the tobacco companies' proposed "compromise" wording for the warning label: "Smoking will kill you.
A tornado ripped through Salt Lake City, killing one and injuring hundreds.
However, male dominance of the killing business seems to have been going on for a lot longer than a few centuries--maybe long enough to have influenced human evolution, shaping the biological foundation of human psychology.
But then the paper trots out a dubious answer: "Still, that may be a reasonable decision in that Mr. Nichols may not have planned that the bomb be set off with the purpose of killing these agents."
Saudi police are regularly being killed in shootouts with terrorists.
Springfield, Ore., buried two children killed by their classmate Kip Kinkel in last week's cafeteria massacre . Politicians and experts debated the meaning of it all.
And remember what your Grandmother probably said to you a long time ago-what doesn't kill you probably makes you stronger.
In October 2003, reflecting on progress after two years of waging the global war on terrorism, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld asked his advisers:"Are we capturing, killing or deterring and dissuading more terrorists every day than the madrassas and the radical clerics are recruiting, training and deploying against us?
They will let the enfeebled president win now, the better to kill him later.
In Fargo , the kidnapping-turned-murder scheme never finds a satisfying second act, and the Coens create an illusion of climax only by having one thug kill another in a giant geyser of blood.
The paper predicts that "killing in Kosovo is not likely to stop."
). No mention was made of the estimated 5,000 Yugoslav troops killed in the conflict nor of the more than 1,200 civilian fatalities.
You've allied yourself with the kind of man who will always opt for the Road Kill Cafe.
U.S. policy in the Balkans leads both the New York Times and the Washington Post . The train wreck occurring early yesterday morning in the Arizona desert, which left scores injured, but killed no one, is the Los Angeles Times lead.
According to the Telegraph , this is the worst disaster to befall the pigeon world since 80,000 British homing pigeons were killed by torrential rain over the English Channel in June 1997.
Quibbling that evil leaders are to blame, not the institution of government itself, is a pathetic evasion, reminiscent of an NRA bumper sticker that reads, "Governments don't kill people, only criminal leaders kill people."
According to the dailies, the boy, Kipland Kinkel, shot up the school cafeteria with a rifle and two pistols, killing one student and wounding twenty-six.
In fact, I even feel like a wimp for having to try to curry sympathy for death-row prisoners by pointing out the procedural irregularities in their cases; I oppose executing them even when they are monsters in human form, because, while I can easily understand why someone would want to kill the murderer of their near and dear, I can't at all understand why someone would want to give the state the power to kill them--even if it's not being abused in that exact case, it's going to be, and probably sooner rather than later, as the much-publicized racial statistics of the death penalty's application demonstrate.
A New York City woman was pushed in front of a subway train and killed.
Marine jet that killed 20 people in Italy by snapping a ski lift cable nearly struck the ski gondola in which they were riding, according to testimony in a military justice hearing.
The Solomonic decision, to award custody to the woman who was willing to give the child to her rival rather than see it killed by being split between them was just the opposite of splitting the baby . Nevertheless, by some apparent converse of the Niceness Principle, the language perpetuates the notion that the baby was split and that a judge acts wisely in following that example.
His cause of death is still a mystery: One theory is that the virus was still active and may have killed him.
Last month, five armed bounty hunters forced their way into a Phoenix home, shooting and killing two occupants.
Critics observe that many things have gone badly since the air war began: Ethnic Albanians have been killed and expelled from Kosovo and anti-American nationalism has grown in Russia.
The Hector Mine earthquake, named for a mineral mine near the epicenter, was three times more powerful than the 6.7-magnitude quake that killed 57 people in L.A. in 1994.
The paper notes a simple example of the predicament: Cohen waved about a photo of a mother and infant killed by Iraqi chemical warfare while arguing against deposing or killing Hussein.
Dearborn casts a cool eye on Mailer's attention-getting tactics (he suggested that soldiers in Vietnam should only kill people they were willing to eat), his drunken outbursts, his wife-stabbing episode, and delivers what critics agree is an evenhanded, engrossing, "crisply written" (Sven Birkerts, Esquire ) book that will prove difficult for Mailer's official biographer to follow.
To say that one person kills another is to say that the first deprives the second of life; but to say that a person murders another is to say the depriving is unjustified.
Police concluded that Ray killed King with a single rifle shot from the room he rented across the street.
The leader of Serbia's Tigers, a paramilitary group notorious for murdering and/or terrorizing non-Serbs, was killed in Belgrade.
The WP calls the Korean vote the most remarkable in the country's history, pointing out that upon his inauguration, Kim, 73, will take over a government that kidnapped and jailed him and repeatedly tried to kill him, once by planning to toss him off a ship at sea.
The effects of these environmental differences on cancer cells may account, in part, for the fact that only a small percentage of anticancer drugs that are found to effectively kill cells in vitro are successful in subsequent animal and human studies.
If infants persisted in bawling or shitting or generally irking, it could be assumed they were changelings--spawns of the devil--in which case they were turned out of doors or killed.
The LAT's "Israelis Fire on Kurds as Mob Storms Consulate" unaccountably leaves to the small-print subhead the news that three protesters were killed.
One can only imagine that at that moment Clinton probably wished he could go back in time to undo the first step in that chain of events--that is, kill Alexander Graham Bell before he ever invented the damned telephone.
This means they can shoot to kill if shot at.
More than 250 people have been killed and around 140,000 displaced from their homes since May, when the Indonesian military stepped up its campaign against the Free Aceh Movement.
The LAT , NYT , and WP report that a former top Mexican drug prosecutor awaiting trial in the U.S. on drug and money laundering charges yesterday killed himself, apparently with an intentional overdose of antidepressants, in New Jersey, where he was under house arrest.
Before 9/11, al Qaeda and its affiliates had killed fewer than 50 Americans, including the East Africa embassy bombings and the Cole attack.
No doubt Russell would justify the starkness of the mother's killing by saying you can't make a movie about the obscenity of violence without showing something so obscene that it scalds us.
Among the nearly 200 pages of hagiography: 1) letters to Time from Harpo Marx, Salvador Dalí, William Randolph Hearst, and Frank Sinatra ("as usual your information stinks," Frank wrote in 1961); 2) an array of great cover images; 3) Time 's most and least prescient comments (in 1983, a prediction that the paparazzi would kill a member of the royal family, and in 1933, a prediction that Hitler was destined for obscurity); and 4) a list of Time neologisms ("socialite," "televangelist," and "World War II").
The Daily Telegraph , the Financial Times , and the Independent ran editorials Friday about Britain's re-establishment this week of diplomatic relations with Tripoli following Libya's belated admission of responsibility for the 1984 death of a British policewoman who was killed by shots fired from the Libyan Embassy in London.
Why did you kill that person?
And Dalmatian farmers would not simply kill Dalmatians for their fur.
You treat The Green Mile as if it's a humanist milestone on the order of To Kill a Mockingbird . But it has been more than a third of a century since Mockingbird 's Great White Father and that shambling, saintly black martyr who pays for the sex crimes of white men--and in-between came the civil-rights movement.
"Have him killed," he said.
Embassy bombings in Africa that killed 229.
The WP and USAT stories about the FAA move point out that the combustibility of insulation is thought to be a cause of the Swissair crash off Nova Scotia that killed 229 people.
After killing a Democratic measure that would have required background checks on all customers at gun shows, they proposed a similar measure.
This is what makes Prusiner's hypothesis so radical: Prions would be the only proteins on the planet that reproduce--not to mention infect and kill animals--and thus the only known exceptions to the rules of the Crick-Watson paradigm of molecular biology.
Rapid and accurate methods are needed for the diagnosis of Plasmodium falciparum malaria [ 1 2 ] as malaria is estimated to kill between 1.4 and 2.6 million people each year [ 1 ] . WHO South East Asian regional office estimates 19500 deaths due to malaria in India annually [ 3 ] . P. falciparum infections in children may become life threatening making rapid diagnosis of extreme importance [ 4 ] . No clinical diagnostic criteria are both sensitive and specific for malaria, an undifferentiated febrile illness [ 5 ] which may result in the erroneous treatment of millions of non-malaria cases with antimalarial drugs in the absence of diagnostic malaria microscopy.
Even though the games are populated by assassins and commandos, they are not excessively bloodthirsty; one even subtracts points for gratuitous kills.
"The Indonesian government, which has been entrusted with the task of maintaining peace and order, did virtually nothing as pro-Indonesia militias in East Timor launched a massive terror campaign against their own populace, killing pro-independence supporters, forcing hundreds of thousands to leave their homes, and destroying buildings and other property," the paper said.
So Ruby, he figured: If I kill the guy that killed the president, the Christians'll go wheeeew!
Serum total iCT levels among groups exposed to a high dose of E coli ( n = 13-15) and killed at 3, 6, 12 and 24 h increased from a baseline of 21 ± 2 pg/ml (mean ± SEM) to 78 ± 3, 542 ± 100, 3570 ± 920, and 4240 ± 1080 pg/ml, respectively.
Attempting to kill Saddam would also be "ridiculous," he said, for it would mean bombing Baghdad and killing thousands of innocent people when "Saddam's skin isn't worth a single Iraqi, American, or allied life."
On Meet the Press , Tim Russert asks released Puerto Rican prisoner Ricardo Jimenez, "If you in fact are part of an organ, in support of an organ, that sets off 130 bombs, isn't there a pretty strong possibility that innocent people are going to be hurt and killed?"
An Indian jet shot down a Pakistani military plane, killing all 16 passengers.
Compare that with, say, car accidents, which kill 40,000 people a year, or smoking, which kills over 400,000.
, but with unattractive people who aren't having much fun or killing people in drunken driving incidents, so I guess it's a trade-off.
The episode only ended when the sailor, who had locked himself in one of the vessel's torpedo bays, killed himself.
Man, they should have killed off Livia when they had the chance, and that way they wouldn't have to saddle us with her dreary daughter.
Thanks to officials who pushed for a recall, Hudson hamburgers didn't kill anyone.

often he is killed or captured.
... EXTERMINATING: We are trained to kill all pets...
Often this has a warning note, like Lady Fan Todd dressed to death and killed with fashion is one, so is the curious Children's tongues will cut your throat with a bar of soap or hang you with a yard of cotton.
"To be killed by a former pro athlete simply because you decided to return some designer eye wear to a pretty, young divorcee."
This, of course, has killed off several potential relationships, so I have given up on it.
What'll it be: the day Kurt Cobain killed himself?
The same-sized package containing anthrax could kill half of the inhabitants of Washington, D.C., he warned.
He's so totally self-loathing I keep worrying that he'll kill himself before he does the next one, which would be sad since he's such a genius.
If arranging to have someone killed is as bad as killing them, why isn't arranging to have someone believe what's false as bad as lying to them?
The dailies compare Floyd to Hugo (1989, 29 killed, $5.9 billion damage, says the LAT ) and Andrew (1992, 26 killed, $25 billion damage, says the LAT ).
Today, he turns his attention to the ways boats can kill you.
No one holds much hope for survivors, though only the Los Angeles Times actually declares "217 killed" in its headline.
6. Boys Don't Cry . Starkly beautiful, Kimberly Peirce's debut film has at its core a tragicomic irony: That the cross-dressing Brandon Teena, a k a Teena Brandon (the rapturous Hillary Swank) feels most at home among the sort of roughnecks who would kill her if they knew her true gender.
The Ramseys themselves have theorized in interviews that one of John's disgruntled employees might have killed JonBenet.
There are rumors that a cousin attempted to kill him last year.
In 1963, the 30-year-old poet Sylvia Plath killed herself, placing her head on a folded cloth inside an oven and turning on the gas.
Abu Kamal then killed himself.
2) While seeking to limit U.N. access to Saddam Hussein's 63 palaces, Iraq paraded nearly 100 coffins containing what it said were corpses of children killed by cruel U.N. sanctions.
The flu has sickened at least 12 people and killed four.
Careful thought experiments have shown that, in a context of regular violence, mental traits conducive to killing would do more for your genes than mental traits conducive to getting killed would.
Senate Republicans last month killed a reform bill that would have cracked down on PACs, "soft money," and other current arrangements some people don't care for.
Before the 1996 election, Republicans killed the nomination of Henry Foster to be surgeon general because of his support for legalized abortion.
Quibbling that evil leaders are to blame, not the institution of government itself, is a pathetic evasion, reminiscent of an NRA bumper sticker that reads, "Governments don't kill people, only criminal leaders kill people."
How many times can you kill the phoenix?
Randomly we settle on Jin Jiang Roast Duct [ sic ]. "Kill and depilate [ sic ] the duck," the instructions begin.
USAT reports that, as part of his pitch on a Sunday "This Week" shot, Secretary of Defense Cohen showed a photo of a Kurdish woman and child killed by Iraqi chemical weapons.
On the heels of a recent piece that laid bare Trent Lott's fund-raising, today's Journal surveys the many competing campaign reform bills on the House docket (one dozen bills; 500 amendments) and concludes that "GOP leaders will assume the role of full partners in overhaul legislation--in an effort to kill it."
Here, in Jesus' account, we read of the Pharisees improbably collaborating with the Romans and urging them to kill Jesus.
In 1881, James Garfield was the second president to be killed, and during Grover Cleveland's second term--a time of fierce labor unrest--the president finally began using Secret Service agents, informally, for defense.
And here's an interesting question today's newspaper accounts don't address: Why would there be a commando raid to kill American defectors instead of bringing them back to be court-martialed?
The nomination gets lots of space elsewhere, but only the LAT infuses the vote with racial overtones from the git-go, saying in the first sentence that the vote "killed the candidacy of the first black ever nominated to be Air Force secretary," even though the issues that brought him down were discrepancies in his statements about his career as a pilot and his apparent practice of pressuring subordinates to buy Amway products from him.
The Turin newspaper said that while Rushdie, the object of a fatwa issued 10 years ago by the Ayatollah Khomeini, still can't be free of the nightmare that some Muslim fanatic might try to kill him, "it is certain that Iran, whatever it does, cannot get free of Rushdie."
Says Deirdre Donahue ( USA Today ): "You end up wanting to quickly kill off Hannibal Lecter yourself, just to stanch the flow of foul language, repellent imagery and bloodshed."
But no one would argue that the kids killed because they didn't eat enough pancakes--much less that the answer to school violence is a national campaign to get children to eat pancakes every day.
You see, unlike you, I was on the scene the morning of Sept. 19, 1976, after Jesse Tafero shot and killed state trooper Phillip A. Black and his friend Canadian constable Donald Irwin.
Henry won one battle and, fortunately for him, killed Richard.
Your News Quiz challenge is to find a more shameless line of self-stroking whose author was able to wake up after its publication, see it in print, and not kill himself with pills.
Armenia's prime minister and several other government leaders were killed.
Kill the poys and the luggage!
On Tuesday, soldiers opened fire on battling mobs, killing 17.
The WP front reports that U.S. aircraft enforcing the no-fly zone over southern Iraq fired missiles at an anti-air site and that Iraqi officials claim eleven civilians were killed when one of them went wide of the mark.
Whenever I've dealt with him he has seemed an extremely reasonable fellow (he wrote a good piece for me at TNR on race in the ranks) but, like many military types, he just seems to lose it when it comes to the obvious fact that homosexuals have been happily murdering and killing in uniform for generations.
The flight attendant reported that the flight had been hijacked, both pilots had been killed, a flight attendant had been stabbed, and the hijackers were probably flying the plane.
One caller reported that a flight attendant had been killed.
Mohammed Atef, al Qaeda's military commander and a principal figure in the 9/11 plot, had been killed by a U.S. air strike.
Hundreds of civilians were killed instantly by the impact.
Assuming that cells are not growing and that treatment kills sensitive cells, an RCA of 0 means that sensitive cells are not killed, an RCA of 1 means that 63% of sensitive cells are killed per hour (95% in 3 hours), and an RCA of 2 means that 86.
The most significant of the victims was foreign minister Walther Rathenau, an enlightened democrat and Jew who was killed near the Grunewald forest.
The three-dimensional disaster is estimated to have killed between 15,000 and 60,000 people — a trajedy of immense proportions.
The NYT says the informant testified that "Markhasev had said he shot a black man," while the WP says the testimony was "I killed a [racial epithet]."
"Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicles" orbiting Earth would be programmed to collide with warheads.
On May 20, Director Tenet discussed the high risk of the operation with Berger and his deputies, warning that people might be killed, including Bin Ladin.
Ashby's jet severed the lift's cables, killing 20 European skiers . He still faces trial on a charge that he obstructed justice by ditching the plane's videotape of the accident.
3. In Palestine, after a funeral for a youth killed by a rubber-coated steel pellet, rioters hurl stones and firebombs at Israeli police.
“An engine fell off a commuter airplane before it crashed into a farm field last week, killing all 14 people aboard, investigators said Tuesday.
To counter this, India should compile a detailed list of the Pakistani soldiers killed in the fighting and publish it in the media and on the Internet.
What Chatterbox doesn't understand is why Britons don't kill the House of Lords outright.
Though we played cowboys and Indians in the street, we did not kill any real Indians.
An example of the tragic consequences of Pataki's neglect: A demented man, refused care by several overcrowded health care facilities, recently killed a woman by pushing her under a subway train.
What's killing cinema as an art form is the demise of the audience with a taste for serious and challenging films.
USAT leads with the tornado that hit Salt Lake City yesterday, killing one person (as far as anyone can tell, the first tornado death in the state) and injuring 100.
The Moors were defeated and expelled or killed.
Vampires, declares Kris Kristofferson in Blade , are "hard to kill.
The FBI insists, however, that the timing and location make it impossible to blame pyrotechnic tear gas for the fire that killed 76 people at Waco.
The stations defended themselves by arguing that they could have showed close-ups of the killing but refrained from doing so.
Tom Harkin killed the "juror" metaphor in Clinton's trial.
The federal government decided to allow car owners to disconnect their air bags, which, according to government estimates, are killing one child per month and are on track to kill one child per week as more and more cars feature them.
Outnumbered and outgunned, Ngurah Rai and all 96 of his followers were killed in what is regarded as Bali’s last puputan.
"I came to carry out the struggle, not to kill people," he says, a look of melancholy shadowing his face.
The LAT , WP and NYT all feature front-page stories about Israel's botched attempt to kill the head of the political wing of Hamas in Amman, Jordan.
She went to the opposite extreme--she even hated films like To Kill a Mockingbird that arguably have done humanity good, especially if they've been seen by kids at an impressionable age.
Reagan pulled the Marines out of Lebanon both because of the bombing that killed 250 of them and because the Marines didn't have a mission there in the first place.

She struggled with one of the hijackers who killed or otherwise silenced her.
Yet they remind us that the number of children killed by guns skyrocketed in the '80s and while tailing off in the '90s remains far higher than in decades past.
Once the men had killed the beast, the women had to carry it home to cook.
The administration's position was that under the law of armed conflict, killing a person who posed an imminent threat to the United States would be an act of self-defense, not an assassination.
According to CIA and Defense officials, policymakers were concerned about the danger that a strike would kill an Emirati prince or other senior officials who might be with Bin Ladin or close by.
Like his fellow conspiracy nuts, Ruddy argues that there was too little blood in Fort Marcy for Foster to have been killed there.
Then she added, "I can't believe they're the same people who killed our Lord."
The remark: "You don't stand outside a bodega and ask the bandito if he would have killed someone if there was a death penalty."
An article on the JonBenet Ramsey case presents evidence that strongly suggests her parents killed her.
Let's not even go to Titus Andronicus !" That got a big laugh, which encouraged Helgeland to drop the other bit of Shakespearean boilerplate: "What if a teen-ager who was hopelessly in love saw Romeo and Juliet and decided to kill himself?
The WP describes a "stinging" 40-page report, submitted to Congress by a independent panel appointed by the Defense Department, that criticizes the government for over-optimism about its ability to develop interceptors, or "kill vehicles," that would destroy incoming ballistic missiles by colliding with them at supersonic speed.
All have theories about why and how Love killed her late husband.
We previewed the new opening sequence for Bill Gates, who studied it for a few seconds and said impatiently, "How do I find the place where I have people killed every week?"
The dailies compare Floyd to Hugo (1989, 29 killed, $5.9 billion damage, says the LAT ) and Andrew (1992, 26 killed, $25 billion damage, says the LAT ).
People might be killed, and Bin Ladin's supporters might retaliate, perhaps taking U.S. citizens in Kandahar hostage.
The LAT notes concern before last week's vote about possible civil strife afterward, but says that "what is happening is not civil war but simply the killing and intimidation of unarmed civilians."
Protection of spores in dry soil from killing by surface UV irradiation in the presence of 20% permanganate
And David Chase, the series' creator, should have killed off Livia Soprano (not that I don't love Nancy Marchand) when he had the chance.
Also, a creepy explanation for the Rwanda genocide: "Judgment Day" asserts that Rwandans are incredibly law-abiding, so when the government ordered them to kill Tutsis, they obeyed without a second thought.
In the meantime, Albright had promoted the United Nations' disastrous "Safe Havens" policy, which placed masses of unarmed Bosnian civilians under the "protection" of minuscule numbers of U.N. (but no U.S.) troops--that is, left them at the mercy of Serb paramilitaries, who systematically set about driving them from their homes and killing them.
What killed it?
Maureen Dowd's column in the Times reports that the good liberal Democrats at Universal have come up with a way to justify trying to make a killing with the upcoming movie "Primary Colors" while still staying Lincoln-Bedroom-close to the First Couple.
to kill Muammar Qaddafi, the prominent Libyan statesman and murderer.
Even the hell-bound William Munny in the compelling Unforgiven (1992)--who does, admittedly, shoot a rather nice young cowboy in the gut, but instantly regrets it--ends up killing the sort of people who, when all is said and done, need killing.
Polls show that once informed of the facts, between 80 percent and 90 percent of Canadians and Americans oppose the killing.
Then along comes the Midwest assassin, who earlier this month killed a black man and a Korean-American man and wounded nine other blacks, Asians, and Jews (coming out of a synagogue).
"He has the will to kill," says Coleman.
Advice on not underestimating the opposition is seen in He who makes light of other men will be killed by a turnip .
Thousands of Italian civilians were killed during the German occupation of Italy from 1943 to 1945, and an Anglo-American commission of inquiry passed on the names of many of the alleged perpetrators to the Italian authorities.
I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with a lot of pleasure.
President Bush told us he askedTenet whether the CIA could kill Bin Ladin, andTenet replied that killing Bin Ladin would have an effect but would not end the threat.
De Souza disputed the link between screen violence and real-world violence but also ranted against gun proliferation, arguing that Japanese and British kids watch violent movies but don't go out and kill each other.
If McCain-Feingold gains enough shame-leverage to pass the Senate, expect an attempt to kill it in the House.
2. Contemplating trouble on the range, Sam Luce said, "They are in our chicken houses, killing our chickens, killing our barn cats.
A bomb struck a hospital, the Libyan Embassy, and the homes of several European ambassadors, killing four people.
British intelligence didn't want to kill Diana and her boyfriend Dodi Al Fayed, it simply wanted to scare them apart because, asserts Islamic scholar Yaqub Zaki, "the idea of the future King of England, Prince William, having a Muslim stepfather was intolerable.
“8:00 PM BET FRANK'S PLACE The Chez is sued for serving a patron too many drinks after he is killed in a car accident.”
The piece, based on scores of interviews of UN and US officials, details how UN inspectors have spent the post-Desert Storm years looking for twenty-five missile warheads filled with the world's deadliest germs, capable of killing up to a million people.
One odd detail: black teenagers are much more likely than white teenagers to kill themselves in the presence of somebody else.
Phil, who dominates Katharine as her mother did, goes mad over the course of six years and then kills himself.
Q.E.D.: Lyndon killed Jack.
In fact, I even feel like a wimp for having to try to curry sympathy for death-row prisoners by pointing out the procedural irregularities in their cases; I oppose executing them even when they are monsters in human form, because, while I can easily understand why someone would want to kill the murderer of their near and dear, I can't at all understand why someone would want to give the state the power to kill them--even if it's not being abused in that exact case, it's going to be, and probably sooner rather than later, as the much-publicized racial statistics of the death penalty's application demonstrate.
In Colombia, El Tiempo said Garzón was killed because of his attempts to bring an end to the political fighting in Colombia, especially his negotiations with leftist groups, and also because of his efforts to secure the release of many kidnap victims.
Kang Kek Ieu has admitted to being "Duch," the director of the Tuol Sleng detention center in Phnom Penh, where at least 16,000 people were executed during the Khmer Rouge's 1975-79 "killing fields" reign of terror, the magazine said.
Viewers are left with the impression that Johnson orchestrated the killing.
In Czechoslovakia and Poland, some of those who had suffered under Nazi rule turned violently against their oppressors--or their oppressors' countrymen--and hundreds, even thousands, may have been killed.
To deny that a killing is murder is to claim there are laws and factsa that permit it.
After two weeks of consumption of the diets, five tumor bearing mice from each dietary group were killed for assay of the effects of the diet on the tumor and normal tissues of the mice.
Attempting a comeback, Jaume was killed in battle near Llucmajor in 1349.
The winner is one Tom Morgan, who wrote, "You can hire someone to kill pests."
A hurricane in 1839 drowned some 300 sponge fishermen in the ‘mud’ off Andros, and a devastating fungus some 40 years later killed almost all the sponges.
The biggest news today is a startling development: British commandos, with U.S. logistic support and full NATO and Hague backing, moved in on two Bosnian Serb officials accused of war crimes, killing one in a firefight and capturing the other.
"The C Word": The 1998 election didn't kill conservatism.
British police raided five Irish Republican Army hideouts in London, killing one suspected terrorist, arresting five others, and confiscating 10 tons of explosives.
"This product is made with fur from animals that may have been killed by electrocution, gassing, neck breaking, poisoning, clubbing, stomping or drowning, and may have been trapped in steel-jawed leghold traps.
Donors may earmark contributions to go to the Legal Aid Bureau for use in Baltimore County, to charitable programs run by the Baltimore County Bar Foundation, or to benefit families of firefighters and rescue workers who are killed or injured.
If politicians want to really kill a weapon, they need, Korb points out, to do what Bush Defense Secretary Dick Cheney did to bury (the runaway-expensive) A-12--take away all its funding.
' But after reading the other complaints you've received about U-Haul, I think it's fair to say that I've got the topper--U-Haul almost killed me."
Because we wrote a jokey little item in this space two weeks ago about having Lewis killed and whatnot, and some people have taken it seriously.
Yet dozens of chemicals commonly used to kill weeds, fungus and insects on agricultural crops can cause immediate sickness in people who inhale, swallow or absorb them through skin contact, Wuerthele said.
The convicted woman, identified only as Nalini, was the "back-up human bomb" who stood ready to kill herself with Gandhi if the first suicide bomber failed.
As Soviet troops moved in to capture the city, he killed himself with a shot through the mouth.
In this case, the ill-fed bottom feeders will decide to join the sharks, and will hunt their own kills.
But Brown and Newhouse probably would not accept that tarnish on their reputations: They don't want to be the cretins who killed America's last great weekly.
This is what Fluellen and Gower think provoked King Henry's command to kill England's French prisoners, and both soldiers fully approve of that command.
The story (reported and broadcast by CNN, with a version published in Time ) contained two hot allegations: that the United States used fatal nerve gas (sarin) on a village in Laos during the Vietnam War and that the purpose was to kill a large number of American defectors.
The ones that were killed in the crib would have turned neo-Clintonism into a full-scale self-parody.
Even those of us who despise Full Metal Jacket will not shake off the effects of its formally brilliant, 45-minute opening boot-camp sequence, in which men are mechanistically stripped of their individuality to prepare them to go forth and kill.
It was actually an impressive feat of discriminating between good and bad stocks on the part of the market, instead of the perhaps more common "Kill 'em all and let God sort 'em out" approach.
Two thousand Protestants, in Paris for Henri’s wedding to Catherine’s daughter Marguerite de Valois, were killed.
The second enemy is gathering, and will menace Americans and American interests long after Usama Bin Ladin and his cohorts are killed or captured.
Although Jackson does quote from the San Francisco Alta newspaper demonstrating that many people suspected it was not Joaquín Murrieta who was killed and decapitated by Captain Harry Love, but quite possibly another Joaquín, “every murder and robbery in the country has been attributed to ‘Joaquín.
Full-throttle raves for this first feature film for French director Erick Zonca: "Frank, intimate, touching, with an emotional immediacy that is killing" (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ); "brilliant" (Jack Mathews, the Daily News ). The film follows the trajectory of an intense friendship that develops between two young women who meet at a sewing factory.
But I have been unable to visualize one think-tank scholar killing another.
The WP stuffs the story, but mentions early on that one of the protesters was apparently killed by a sniper using live ammunition, though the government claims only rubber bullets were used.
Cruel, dim, and out of touch with American life-no, not the evil bastards who killed Charles Schulz-the U. S. Supreme Court, at least that's how they look to quiz participants.
Not to be outdone by the Globe 's hairy-lip scoop, the Star ran reporter Shannon Loughrin's undercover exposé on the "shocking sex and booze parties" at the house in Boulder, Colo., where JonBenet was killed.
Also, the Times ' Sunday book review section killed a second review of the book, a negative one by theorist Helena Cronin.
My publishers will kill me if I don't mention my own biography of D.P.
We do, however, have the opposite concern: that is, we would need to be sure there was not "bad news" selectivity in a particular area, associated with killing jobs that did not identify problems during scoping.
As if the Kennedy family didn't have enough to deal with, the Star reports that Arnold Schwarzenegger, who is married to Kennedy cousin Maria Shriver, accidentally killed the family's chocolate Labrador when he ran over it with his Humvee.
There were notable uprisings in 1828 when its leaders were killed at Frangokástello, and in 1866 when 2,000 people died in a suicide bombing at Arkádi Monastery.
This correlates with the greater extent of Hyal-2 enhancement of TNF killing compared to Hyal-1.
Never mind that the kook killed his own family, a truly horrendous event.
Ray, a racist and career criminal who had escaped from prison a year earlier, was arrested in London two months after the killing.
As a boy growing up in the hills of West Virginia, Nash enjoyed torturing animals and building homemade bombs with two other unpopular youngsters, one of whom was accidentally killed by a blast.
The true mystery of the whole episode is, Why wasn't Tracht canned in 1986 when he referred to the Martin Luther King holiday with the line, "Kill four more and we can take a whole week off"?
He claimed it was more important for Muslims to kill Americans than to kill other infidels."
"That clipping, Mister Kearny, that's the problem.People get very nervous around somebodywho's killed somebody--no matter why he killed them.Now maybe that's unfair, but if you thinkabout it I'm sure you'll understand it's true."
The authority was to capture, not kill, though lethal force might be used if necessary.
The LAT says 200 or more have been killed and thousands of residents have fled.
But Chatterbox finds himself wondering why this heat wave, which stretched across the Midwest, the South, and the East, killed so many people in Chicago , a city in a relatively northern latitude that is reputed to be Windy and situated on a very big lake.
The NYT brings word that nearly 12 years after Palestinian terrorists killed a disabled passenger, Leon Klinghoffer, by pushing the wheelchair bound man off the hijacked cruise ship, the Achille Lauro, the Palestinian Liberation Organization has settled for an undisclosed sum a lawsuit brought by the Klinghoffer family.
A. "A bare-assed codger was killed near Bangkok this morning when his motorcycle collided with a low-flying game bird that police say was 'hurled in his path by a vengeful god.
As for the KLA "terrorists," he would have liked to kill them and their families on the spot, but his orders had been to hand them over to the army.
His son had been killed in the line of duty, and no resuscitation attempt could explain the surgical wound.
These data indicate that macrophages can kill and degrade a percentage of mycobacterial cells in a given infection.
All on board, along with an unknown number of people in the tower, were killed instantly.
According to George Will, NATO thereby exposed a "huge limit on its will," i.e., "it believes the defense of [its] values is important enough to kill for, but not important enough to be killed for."
Observers worried that 1) remaining Serbs will now flee Kosovo; 2) the murders, which happened within earshot of NATO troops, demonstrate the ineffectiveness of the peacekeeping mission; and 3) they demonstrate the ineffectiveness of NATO's entire campaign, since ethnic Albanians and Serbs are still killing each other.
The story observes that about the same number of people--300--are killed every year in police chases as in police shootings, which of course makes "Today's Papers" wonder why the law should treat reckless police driving differently than reckless police shooting.
The macrophage can control growth and even kill M. paratuberculosis.
Soyuz 11 blew a hatch on re-entry, killing three cosmonauts, but after this early catastrophe the Soviet program boasted constant space habitation and scientific experimentation for more than two decades.
The only satisfactory option: A ground invasion that deposes/kills him.
"No sir, I hit him with a bat.See, he was whipping on my mom againand whipping on me too and then one dayI just got tired of being whipped onand I hit him with my uncle's metal batand just kept hitting till he didn't move.I didn't mean to kill him, just make him stop."
I enjoy this aspect of Schumacher's work, although I wonder, in the case of A Time to Kill , whether he worried about McConaughey's inability to enunciate or to assume different facial expressions.
Dentists make a killing on bad breath--or "halitosis," as they prefer to call it.
But tariff-loving senators killed the WTO in the late 1940s.
Nine people were killed in two workplace shootings.
But Royko also challenged white Chicago's prejudices, skewering bigots who tried to keep a white couple that had adopted a black baby out of their neighborhood or a funeral parlor that didn't want to bury a black soldier killed in Vietnam.
The L.A. shooting coverage reports that the subject of a nationwide manhunt, Buford Furrow, materialized yesterday morning unarmed at the FBI's offices in Las Vegas, and surrendered, telling agents he was the shooter (in fact, say the papers, he confessed to murdering children at the center, but none of those shot there have died) and that his purpose in committing the crime was to issue "a wake-up call" for America to start killing Jews.
Heroin is a drug that can kill you on the very first try, and most heroin addicts didn't start out shooting up with needles--they were smoking pot as teen-agers.
And make no mistake about it, tobacco kills: The average cigarette smoker lives eight fewer years than the average nonsmoker.
In Columbine, community killed.
The Taiwan quake--which measured 7.6 on the Richter scale (7.7 says the NYT )--has killed over 1,700, with 2,700 still trapped and over 4,000 injured.
The FBI may soon get its hands on a suspect in the Saudi air-base bombing . Canadian authorities have detained a Saudi citizen suspected of driving either the truck or the getaway car used in the bombing, which killed 19 American soldiers and wounded 500 others.
"Spears" thinks it's OK because the Christians have forgiven the Jews for killing Christ.
He'll kill you."
Accidental shootings, says the paper, killed 185 children in 1994.
Souped-up, black-and-white flashbacks illustrate her absence and his anguish: Her motorbike was stolen, she couldn't pick him up, he left a bag of drug money on the subway, his boss will kill him if he doesn't come up with 100,000 marks by noon.
They then expanded the terror to all East Timorese, killing and destroying indiscriminately.
The political Republicans' first objective was to kill the censure resolution.
 ... for the first time a prime minister had used the word innocent rather than not guilty when referring to the victims [killed in 1972 in Londonderry in the Bloody Sunday massacre]....
Here's Carlson's recounting of the way Bush mimicked Tucker's eleventh-hour appearance on Larry King Live : "Please," Bush whimpers, his lips pursed in mock desperation, "don't kill me."
Her father, a member of the famous Otero family, was killed in a shoot-out when Nina was still a baby, and her mother later married A. M. Bergere.
He then killed himself.
The first FDNY fatality of the day occurred at approximately 9:30, when a civilian landed on and killed a fireman near the intersection of West and Liberty streets.
Martí was killed in an ambush during the War of Independence, which began in 1895 and in which some 300,000 Cubans died.
Tuberculosis is estimated to cause at least three million deaths per year worldwide [ 1 ] and also accounts for more than one-quarter of all preventable adult deaths in developing countries [ 2 ] . Infection with the human immuno-deficiency virus (HIV) is thought to be the single most important factor that has contributed to the increased incidence of tuberculosis globally in the last decade [ 2 ] . Tuberculosis is now the leading cause of death among HIV-infected individuals worldwide and accounts for at least 40% of deaths among HIV-infected persons in Africa [ 3 ] . Furthermore, tuberculosis kills more women than any other infectious disease, including malaria and AIDS [ 4 ] .
Retaliatory nuclear strikes are never justified, he argues, because they would kill millions of innocents.
The phrases employed to teach us Fanagalo are indicative of its origin: Who has stolen the venison?, The medicine will kill your intestinal worms, I told this boy he must not go underground, as he is drunk, Open the compressed air immediately , and so on.
"I don't really believe [the AMA's unionization] is being done for patients," one academic health care analyst told the New York Times . "This is happening because doctors' incomes, doctors' sense of autonomy, are getting killed."
Richard Ashby, the pilot whose jet severed an Italian ski lift cable, killing 20 people, was sentenced to six months in military prison.
In cases where a reporter wouldn't play ball, Bobby Kennedy could easily pick up the phone and get editors to kill a story.
"The Chilean foreign minister's 'offer' that Pinochet stands trial at home kills the health question: if he is well enough to stand trial there, why not here and in Spain?"
I'm going to tell her you have killed Nellie.
P-gp is able to pump various anticancer drugs out of cells, thus resulting in a low intracellular drug concentration that is insufficient to kill tumour cells [ 18].
The New York Times and the Los Angeles Times lead with new terror in Northern Ireland: a car bomb exploded Saturday in a crowded shopping area in Omagh, a town west of Belfast, killing at least 28 people and injuring hundreds more.
Since I know you have a little time to kill before you go to work tonight, I've rustled up the news equivalent of junk food to give you sustenance for the upcoming Evening of the Yo-yos.
"I hope I killed him," he says, when pulled from the man's bloody, broken body.
The mutineers then invaded Delhi, Kanpur (Cawnpore), and Lucknow, looting treasuries, breaking open jails, and killing British men, women, and children.
As an example, it cited the confusion of a human rights investigator when asked about a Russian tank attack that killed or injured 22 children as they played soccer.
The NYT health care lead states that the same business and insurance lobbyists who teamed up to help kill health care reform in 1994 are mobilizing to block the more modest, piecemeal federal quality-of-care proposals--like mandated-length hospital stays for certain procedures and government standards for health plans--that the Clinton administration has subsequently endorsed.
Critics are as frantic about saving their novel these days as they were about killing it 40 years ago.
Ryan, whose three brothers have been killed on the same day in separate battles.
Maybe a session in the broom closet killed their passion because, according to the Enquirer , "the honeymoon is over."
Wieden & Kennedy, for instance, handles Nike's shoe advertising and has given us the genuinely terrific "I Can" campaign that Nike is now thinking of killing.
The records did more than kill a bad story.
She neglects to mention that our safety depends on the ability of these officers to kill their adversaries.
In the following anecdote substitution of the word Russian for Yiddish kills the joke, though I am sure that many more Jews today speak Russian than speak Yiddish.
Maybe then he'd view Guadalcanal not in an absurdist vacuum (the soldiers come, they kill and are killed, they leave) but in the larger context of a war that was among the most rational (in its aims, if not its methods) fought in the last several centuries.
The CIA officer reported that the tribals said they "fully understand the contents, implications and the spirit of the message" and that that their response was,"We will try our best to capture Bin Ladin alive and will have no intention of killing or harming him on purpose."
First, We Kill All the Lawyers
Put another way, Soundscan has killed off word of mouth.
Trevor Rees-Jones, the bodyguard who is the only survivor of the car crash that killed Princess Diana, reportedly has been recovering his memory of the fateful night.
It praised the 1983 suicide bombing in Beirut that killed 241 U.S.
Bin Ladin and others would be captured if possible, but probably would be killed.
The presence of this conserved region in the amino terminus of the BPP1 KilA protein, which is involved in killing the host cells [ 14], with another distinct conserved carboxy-terminal region (Figure 2), suggests that this region is a mobile domain that is present in different proteins in independent contexts.
Although the NYT text mentions that both U.S. and Cubans were killed in the fighting, the caption under an accompanying picture inside only mentions the Cuban deaths.
For mycobacteria, a two-hour treatment with kanamycin would be sufficient to kill bacteria that had not expressed the kanamycin-resistance gene during the stress.
The NYT front features a story stating that while American and British forces have targeted military, intelligence, and communications facilities, they have avoided hitting known Iraqi chemical and biological weapons sites in order to avoid unleashing plumes of poisons into the air that could kill Iraqi civilians.
Don't count your chickens before they are hatched (F) Il ne faut pas vendre la peau de l'ours avant de l'avoir tué You should not sell the skin of the bear before you have killed him; (G) Man soll die Haut nicht verkaufen, ehe man den Bären gefangen hat You should not sell the skin before you have caught the bear; (R) He \?\ Not having killed the bear, do not sell the skin; (S) No vendas la piel del oso antes de matarlo Don't sell the skin of the bear before you have killed him.
Another article asks: Did Soros kill the Russian ruble by predicting its death?
Prodi said U.S. aid for the victims would come from Aviano, the U.S. air base out of which an American plane recently sliced a ski-lift cable, killing 20 people and starting a wave of anti-Americanism in Italy.
Cannibalism simultaneously achieves two ends (finding food and killing off a rival), so why isn't it more popular?
Indonesian soldiers stood by as thugs dragged a driver out of a truck and threatened to kill him."
It was telling to me that CNN spent four hours of airtime on the funeral of the black boy who was killed.
In other words, “Curiosity killed the cat.”
In a Bond movie, when 007 kills the archenemy, the crisis disappears.
The attack on the U.S. embassy in Dar es Salaam killed 11 more people, none of them Americans.
Perhaps the reconciliation here is that sleep is the best way of killing time.
In 1995, Belarus jets shot down a racing balloon, killing its two pilots, while China, North Korea, and Libya are all thought to be hostile to balloon flyovers.
He also claimed to have killed two U.S. defectors with a phosphorous grenade during the mission.
Recently, the head of the California Bar Association delivered an address at the annual meeting decrying jokes about lawyers, suggesting that a man who had raided a law office and killed some people in it had been inspired or spurred on by the derisive attitude toward lawyers that “lawyer jokes” fostered.
In addition, he sent his senior advisor, Mohammed Atef, to a different part of Kandahar and his deputy, Ayman al Zawahiri, to Kabul so that all three could not be killed in one attack.
There's very little more until a Susan Smith-type tragedy in 1991, when a soccer mom in California got so stressed out that she shot her two daughters and then tried, unsuccessfully, to kill herself.
Initially, I felt guilty about drugging rats and then killing them for the necessary dissection.
A document purporting to come from the Red Brigades, a guerrilla group thought to have been eliminated, later claimed responsibility for the killing.
4) A NATO missile strayed into Bulgaria but killed nobody because it didn't explode.
There is nothing simpler than killing a man, and yet for some reason, I cannot do it."
(In one of the book's first scenes, he kills his sons' mutt by crushing it in a door after it tears apart a neighbor's cat.)
Flooding along the Ohio River has killed 26 people, driven many thousands from their homes, and destroyed more than $400 million worth of property from Kentucky to West Virginia.
Rather than pardon the poor fool, Henry has him killed in order to show the French that his is an orderly army that means them no real harm.
This comes after the tobacco industry killed last year's legislation, backed by Clinton, that would have brought the federal government hundreds of billions of dollars.
Compare the eeriest passages of The Tin Drum with Daniel Jonah Goldhagen's descriptions of the wintry death marches by means of which the Nazis killed off most of the remainder of their concentration-camp prisoners at the end of the war--exercises in pure surrealism, with skeletons moving slowly through a well-fed German countryside--and suddenly even Grass' fertile imagination seems impoverished.
Other chants included: "Army brothers, why kill brothers?
The entries include the facetious ( throat trouble Death by hanging; get or have a permanent To be executed by electrocution), the legal and legalistic ( executory devise A situation in which no estate vests under the will until the occurrence of a future event), the jargon-based ( psycho-weaponry Fear of death implanted in the minds of victims by terrorists; performance suicide Suicide in response to a sense of failure in meeting society's standards), the poetic ( pull a Frankie and Johnny To kill one's husband in revenge), the religious and mythological ( Petbe Egyptian myth .
The fact that Henry killed off all the York heirs and blamed some of their murders on Richard helped him keep the throne.
This is supported by the observation that the presence of an alternative strong oxidant that does not have the potential for such a coating (permanganate crystals at 20% w/w final concentration) also did not kill the endospores supports this (Figure 3).
In Hong Kong the South China Morning Post reported on its front page that Indonesia's anti-riot forces have been ordered "to shoot to cripple rather than kill" in clashes with protestors.
Bin Laden, whose family is one of the wealthiest and most prominent in the kingdom, was stripped of his Saudi citizenship because of suspected involvement in two attacks against U.S. military targets in Saudi Arabia in 1995 and 1996, in which 24 American servicemen were killed.
A rock slide on Sunday crushed a car in Glacier National Park, killing a Japanese driver who was driving and injuring his sister.
His purpose is to find Nachtigel and kill him.
The Post notes that the victory celebrations were particularly joyous in the city of Kwangju, where in 1980, the government suppressed pro-democracy demonstrations, killing hundreds, and blamed the episode on Kim, who was sentenced to death (he was eventually given a medical release to the U.S.).
At least 40,000 people were killed in the ensuing war and 300,000 fled.
The bad news: Lots of people might be killed in the process.
.whose license was revoked after he crashed into a car, killing a teenage motorist.
Loyd Jowers confessed : In a 1993 television interview, Jowers claimed that he had hired and assisted someone else in killing King.
Furthermore, Leuchter can't figure out how the gas would even have been administered without killing the Nazis themselves--proof, he argues, that mass extermination at Auschwitz never took place.
Klebold hoped to kill 250 people on what he called "Judgement Day."
Maybe these atrocities began from the outrage of the Serbians knowing that their cities, homes, and factories were getting bombed, and their brothers and sisters being killed.
The Times runs the story next to pictures of the killer and the killed in the case of an Army private convicted yesterday of murdering a fellow soldier he'd harassed for being gay.
And second, if you check the stats, Stalin and Mao actually killed more people.
So maybe the questions he proliferates here (here, unlike in his books, he questions the notion of a "surgical" strike, and here he wonders, "Who has told us that it is OK to kill women and children?"
The long view: Relax, dynasties haven't killed the men's game.
1 Did he kill her?
As the government stood accused by a Russian TV network of claiming less than a tenth of the real number of Russian troops killed in Chechnya, the latest issue of the weekly military newspaper Nezavisimoye Voyennoye Obozreniye said the official "numbers game" about casualties is losing any relation to reality.
Here on March 5, 1770, British soldiers, taunted by colonists, fired on an angry crowd, killing five, including Crispus Attucks, the first victim, who was black.
And you are so right that David Chase should have killed off Livia Soprano, whose acid tongue is starting to remind me of the monster drool in the Alien movies--it eats away at the infrastructure.
If ever bad guys deserved to be executed, it's the bad guys in 8MM . They promise they're going to torture and kill the hero's wife and baby daughter, they cast aspersions on his masculinity, they sneer at the notion that anyone would care about their victims.
The European shots were taken in Omagh, Northern Ireland, where thousands marked the one-year anniversary of the bomb that killed 29 and injured more than 200; the Colombian crowds protested the assassination of humorist and journalist Jaime Garzón, probably by right-wing paramilitarists.
In Honolulu , a Xerox employee allegedly killed seven co-workers.
Kill the piece . Kill the piece!"
A truly Christian polis, they believe, would deny nonbelievers citizenship and publicly stone or kill disobedient children.
But we make the absolutely smallest necessary change to kill the bug so that the other parts of the system can continue to work, oblivious to the chaos around them.
Over the past two years, the Republican Congress has renewed most-favored-nation trade status for China, approved legislation enabling U.S. companies to sell China nonmilitary nuclear technology, and killed a proposed ban on satellite sales to the Chinese.
Yesterday, during L.A.'s rush hour, near one of the city's busiest intersections, a distraught man killed himself with a shotgun blast to the head--while many Angelenos watched on one or another of the local TV stations' live broadcasts.
Fertilizer runoff from the Mississippi River has killed sea life over an area the size of New Jersey in the Gulf of Mexico, says an article . Farmers are resisting calls to curtail fertilizer use.
Of the first Philip Gidley King wrote in 1794: The Mount Pit Birds are as Numerous as ever, Notwithstanding upwards of Two Hundred thousand have been killed Yearly.
In recent similar incidents, students have killed five and wounded 14.
Georgia 's second-ranking diplomat in Washington, D.C., reportedly caused a series of car collisions that killed a 16-year-old girl; police allege he was drunk and speeding, and that he ran a stop sign.
In the short term, killing slow-moving products, shuttering factories, and eliminating layers of management can cut costs so dramatically as to make a company profitable even if its sales shrink.
Blood was drawn and animals were killed.
Many conservatives who argued throughout the war that we shouldn't have got into it now say we didn't really win it because we didn't invade Serbia, seize Belgrade, depose or kill Milosevic, and force the Serbs to agree explicitly to Kosovar independence.
The NYT and LAT go high on their fronts with reports that Mexican and U.S. authorities have begun excavating sites in Mexico very near the Texas border believed to be a dumping ground for scores of Mexicans and Americans killed by drug traffickers within the past few years.
Five tumor bearing mice from each group were killed 24 h after one dose of DOX for determination of the acute effects of DOX on the sensitized tumors and normal tissues.
They probably killed a lot of people and I probably have a lot of blood on my hands."
It seems that last month, at a naval base near Murmansk, a 19-year-old sailor killed eight crewmen aboard a nuclear submarine and took control of the vessel for twenty hours, repeatedly threatening to destroy it, creating the potential for what one scientist quoted in the LAT calls a "floating Chernobyl."
Three men hijacked an Ethiopian airliner and forced an emergency landing in the ocean that killed nearly two-thirds of the 175 people on board.
Sinatra put the father in a headlock and said if he ever abused the child again Sinatra would come back and kill him.
According to the report, 700 to 800 people die every year in boat-related fatalities (which, significantly, do not include drownings and other water-related deaths by people who go out on boats, unless the boat itself is somehow responsible--as would be the case, for instance, if someone died from falling off a boat rather than dying during a deliberately planned swim or scuba dive; though if, during a deliberately planned swim or scuba dive, someone were struck by a boat propeller and killed, that would count as a boat-related fatality).
A generation of change in the South has allowed prosecutors to pursue a string of civil rights-era violent crimes, including the racially-motivated 1963 bombing of a church in downtown Birmingham that killed four girls, the NYT reports.
They found a 17-year-old girl weeping under a table, shouted "Peekaboo," and killed her.
developed a poison handkerchief to kill an Iraqi colonel, an array of toxic gifts to be delivered to Fidel Castro, and a poison dart to kill a leftist leader in the Congo.
Equally famous (though as an Irish bull) is his question of a former student shortly after World War I: “Was it you or your brother who was killed in the war?”
Recent studies on neurodegenerative diseases, including Parkinson's, Alzheimer's and prion diseases, suggest that it is not the long fibrils that produce toxicity and kill neurons, rather, it is the oligomeric aggregation intermediates that produce toxicity [ 54 55 ] . Interestingly, interactions between biomembranes and toxic proteins produce a dual effect of both promoting oligomeric aggregation of the proteins and membrane damage [ 56 57 58 59 ] , suggesting that one possible toxicity of oligomeric aggregates is mediated through damaging membranes.
Rogers, the LAT reminds, was later removed from his hostage team job, because of his role at the Ruby Ridge, Idaho standoff the year before Waco in which an unarmed woman was killed by a sniper under Rogers' command.
Side effects include serious allergic reactions and the formation of blood clots that can kill patients.
(Glinda, Dorothy, and the Munchkins about the Wicked Witch of the East killed by Dorothy's house that fell on her.)
It killed the ancient Romans -- and now it's killing me.
Proponents offered the bill as a response to "children killing children."
A. mexicana produce antimalarial drugs [ 28 29 30 ] , and artemisinin (from A. annua ) appears to selectively kill human breast cancer cells [ 31 ] .
The blancos and the nigger gangs, well, they'd kill you
So, the free access trend seems to me to be another assault at the gates of Steve Case that will probably not kill them.
The Civil War ended with some 700,000 combatants dead on both sides; another 30,000 were executed or assassinated, including many priests and nuns, and perhaps 15,000 civilians were killed in air raids.
On Monday, they had threatened to kill two passengers at a time until India released an imprisoned Kashmiri separatist and Muslim leader.
Industrious CW-armed terrorists could kill thousands of New York subway riders in a day.
With no Iraqis to fight, the Kurds turned on each other . Civil war broke out in 1994, and more than 2,000 Kurds were killed before the United States brokered a peace in 1995.
Rioters suspect the government of killing Abiola, and close to 20 people have died already.
Now rime, the son of rage, which art no kin to skill,And endless grief, which deads my life, yet knows not how to kill,Go seek that hapless tomb, which if ye hap to find,Salute the stones that keep the bones that held so good a mind.
The Aviation Consumer Action Project, a Ralph Nader group, says that in an attempted water landing, a wide body jet would "shatter like a raw egg dropped on pavement, killing most if not all passengers on impact, even in calm seas with well-trained pilots and good landing trajectories."
"Well, sir, when I brung Nellie inter de commissary tent and set her fo' Marse Robert he turned to me right fo' all dem gimmin and he says: 'William, now you have killed Nellie.
But those people who seem to be immune to HIV have "cellular immunity," in which cells, rather than antibodies, kill HIV-infected cells.
They had killed or captured about a quarter of the enemy's known leaders.
Gore is killing Bradley in this department by staying on the attack.
Sydney Pollack directs Harrison Ford and Kristin Scott Thomas as two middle-aged strangers who discover, after a plane crash kills their respective spouses, that their loved ones were having an affair together.
A few days after the rape, Lotter and Nissen track down Brandon at a farmhouse and kill him.
First, two students were charged with killing their infant in a motel room and dumping it in the trash.
Terrorism is a tactic used by individuals and organizations to kill and destroy.
Though the Boney Basin soil readily reduced XTT, it only very slowly reduced DCIP (data not shown), and the rate of reduction was not significantly different between untreated soil and killed controls.
(It did kill its man--six years later.)
4) He's killing himself.
2. Which explanation did NATO spokesman David Wilby give for the attack that killed 10 civilians in a residential area of Pristina last week?
6) Hey, at least this time no innocent bystanders got killed.
The main story across Europe Monday was the massacre at Racak in Kosovo in which 45 Albanians were killed, with many newspapers demanding steps by the West to bring the perpetrators to justice.
"Not until torching and killing had spread throughout East Timor did President Clinton act," it said in an editorial.
They may even have actually killed the woman at the party, who Harford, flashing his doctor badge again, has discovered lying dead from an overdose in a mortuary drawer.
Kohl's inability to create jobs in the former East Germany and his overtaxing of the former West Germany have killed his popularity.
With it, each killed millions.
"Kill chickens.
Bates, who took part in dozens of murders of Catholics, has spent less time in prison than Joe Doherty, who was convicted of one killing.
Bin Laden is a fearsome enemy of the United States, and the sooner he's killed the better.
Ceramide is generated in response to TNFα treatment and kills CLENDO cells
It helped Stalin to kill many millions in its day.
Rappers, says Ro, "battle over who drinks more 40s, kills more niggaz, jacks more cars, slaps more hos," and all for the amusement of those white 'burb kids in the reverse baseball caps.
Today it's the Wall Street Journal 's turn to report on a nonpressing economic problem: "Confusion abounds," says the paper's "Tax Report," "as many financial advisers apparently aren't aware that the new tax law killed an excise tax that forced people with $1 million or more in retirement savings to carefully time withdrawals."
The Times also does the best job of explaining the politics in play right now, noting that 1) Lott is "tiptoeing" between a majority of Republicans who are probably against the treaty but don't want to give the U.S. a diplomatic setback on the one hand, and hard-liners in his party on the other who want to kill the treaty at all domestic and international costs; and 2) Senate Minority Leader Thomas Daschle has to contend with a minority of Democrats who want a vote now so that once defeated, the treaty becomes a viable campaign issue.
Upon impact, many were killed or severely injured; others were relatively unharmed.
Mandela was previously convicted of assaulting and committing the boy, but not of killing him.
The Republican reticence can be partly attributed to the ancient rule of politics: Don't kill your enemy when he's committing suicide.
In the Jerusalem Post , David Newman wrote Wednesday that King Hussein was seen "not only as an Arab leader who made peace, but also as one who believes in that peace and, who is prepared to come and visit the parents of schoolchildren killed by his border guards, as a person who has really had enough of war and bloodshed."
The Sunday Telegraph also reported that the terrorist responsible for masterminding the Lebanon hostage crisis and killing scores of American servicemen in Beirut has come out of retirement to lend his support to Chechen rebels fighting the Russian assault on Grozny.
It simultaneously published an editorial speculating that fen-phen would save more lives by reducing obesity than the associated heart disease would kill.
Kill and Ask Questions Later
Yet the senator is trying to kill Lee's nomination, complaining that he might be an activist at the Justice Department.
Joseph Ralston asserted that Milosevic "had already started his campaign of killing" before NATO intervened.
The point is that some young jerk almost killed her in a parking lot because he didn't want to wait.
It was a terrible mistake to keep her alive for the second season (apparently, some of the writers wanted to kill her off, but everybody on the set loves Nancy Marchand so much they kept her alive and bitching).
A few of these birds in Hong Kong may be responsible for a new strain of flu that could produce a global pandemic on the order of the one that killed millions in 1918.
Clinton's Bosnia plan will require congressional approval--a cinch, the pundits said, because he has already drawn down U.S. troops in Bosnia from 27,000 to about 8,500 and no U.S. soldiers have been killed.
This triathlon kills Churchill, who wins the defeat-totalitarianism contest but flunks the liberation-and-justice contest.
You no longer have the stomach to pretend that the mission of young Americans killing and dying for freedom for the Vietnamese people can succeed, but you want them to kill and die for credibility?
The most feared (in a good-natured, humorous way) teen news--other than the startlingly high number of "your child was killed in a car crash" (in a lighthearted, frolicsome way)--was this: Your adolescent is enjoying sex and drugs.
A message from Tenet to CIA field agents directed them to communicate to the tribals the instructions authorized by the President: the United States preferred that Bin Ladin and his lieutenants be captured, but if a successful capture operation was not feasible, the tribals were permitted to kill them.
If she's too late, he'll be killed.
But by depriving Serbia of the ability to kill allied soldiers, NATO leaders demoralized Serb commanders who had counted on body bags to demoralize citizens in the West.
(My apologies to any afflicted fish I may have offended, and to those who love to kill them.
In 1921, as many as 300 African-Americans were killed when white authorities deputized a bloodthirsty lynch mob.
Many, many of everybody will be killed.
America about kids sniffing toxic household chemicals, which it claimed kills 1,000 kids a year--a statistic that drug experts say has no basis.

Finally, development of the angle in Fas and Fasl null mice was normal indicating this system of cell death regulators that can kill TM cells [ 30] is not required for TM channel formation.
A bomb intended for Qaddafi allegedly blew up the wrong car, killing innocent people.
"Oh, sure, Randy, the war may seem funny now, but what if our killing all those people inspires a violent video game?
A writer examines suicide notes to investigate why people kill themselves.
Studio share prices are erratic because there are no guaranteed earnings: A studio that makes a killing this year may get killed next year.
The antisera against Tbp1 and Tbp2 killed the homologous as well as majority of heterologous strains examined, with varying efficiency [ 30 ] . Sokol and Woods [ 31 ] have pointed out that the antibodies against pyoverdin and pyochelin receptor proteins in Pseudomonas aeruginosa, enhances the opsonization process by polymorphonucleocytes.
"Many in al Qida and the Taliban may have drawn the wrong lesson from the Cole: that they can kill Americans without there being a US response, without there being a price.
In 1768, Luigi Galvani ran electric current through the legs of a freshly killed frog making them twitch and no doubt contributing to the bad feelings most frogs have about their place in the sciences.
The instructions added that the tribals must avoid killing others unnecessarily and must not kill or abuse Bin Ladin or his lieutenants if they surrendered.
The WP front and the NYT inside run stories about the clash between U.S. and Italian officials over what happened when that American military jet sliced a ski-lift suspension wire killing 20 people.
A poison-gas attack on the town of Halabja killed as many as 7,000 Kurds.
He killed three sightseers in February and decapitated a park-employed naturalist last week.
The WP says one Berlin protester was killed when he tried to take a pistol away from an Israeli embassy guard.
Stx-1 (72 hr exposure to toxin) dose-dependently killed HGEN, HGEC and HPT (Figure 1).
Guns Don't Kill Baptists
Surviving a plane crash may be a traumatic experience, but it can't compare with being killed.
Up to half a million seals, most of them pups under a year old, were killed by commercial hunters in Canada last year (a key study by economist Clive Southey offered a lower figure--269,000--that has been contested).
The operatives, disguised as journalists, were in Massoud's camp and prepared to kill him sometime in August.
Two pro-Jakarta militiamen killed by Australian soldiers in the territory last Thursday were described in Indonesia's leading daily, Kompas , as "two Timorese residents."
(Whereas Gear, which retains certain elements of the old men's mag ethos, and the old hostility--and not incidentally runs somewhat longer articles--does worry about and argue with feminism, as in its recent piece on sexual repression in the military, in which it is argued, after a fashion, that 1) we can't suppress male soldiers' urge to rape and harass women without suppressing the urge to kill that's the military's reason for being, 2) sexual harassment crusades interfere with women's equality, 3) women soldiers aren't men's equals anyway, and 4) why do we need women in the military in the first place?)
On Thursday , Fox offers The World's Most Shocking Medical Videos (9 p.m.) and The Learning Channel profiles the sickos who kill leaders in Shadow of the Assassin -- complete with fast-paced footage of famous assassinations, President Clinton's head, and repeated gun-shot sound effects.
Pavitt said he and the DCI had answered that killing Bin Ladin would have an impact, but would not stop the threat.
The Post examines Africa, where the disease kills 5,000 people each day and could kill as many as 13,000 per day in 2005.
What about all those people he killed?)
He was killed in a dispute over timber by a Pamunkey Indian from Virginia who would have been considered black in Virginia but escaped prosecution because he was considered white in Mississippi.
Meanwhile, Taliban leaders, anxious for the plane to leave their country, have vowed to kill the hijackers if they hurt any more hostages.
To kill that particular monster [time] is the most ordinary and legitimate occupation of each person.
Not only did this weak poison fail to kill him, it strengthened his immune system.
Little does the impostor know that he has just been sentenced to death, for what was really said was, Shall we kill him?
Fourteen of Son Sen's family members, including infant grandchildren, also were killed.
In Hong Kong, the South China Morning Post gave blanket coverage to the flu virus with which Chinese chickens have infected several small children, killing two.
But the big villain is a power-mad government whose only agenda seems to be hunting down and killing smart people.
Which ones are willing to say that taking an anti-crime stance means finding a way to either stamp out these groups or isolate them so completely that they can't try to kill more innocent people?
where n = number of treatments, d = dose per fraction, T = treatment time, α/β = 3 Gy(for late effects), and Tp (potential doubling time) and α (linear component of cell killing) were estimated from the published literature [ 6 7 8 ] , [ 18 19 ] to be 34 days and 0.3/Gy, respectively.
Guns Don't Kill People; Olympic Athletes Do
Zinni feared that Bin Ladin would in the future locate himself in cities, where U.S. missiles could kill thousands of Afghans.
But given the character and pace of their policy efforts, we do not believe they fully understood just how many people al Qaeda might kill, and how soon it might do it.
Even if enough Republicans join Democrats to kill the amendment, more would be needed to defeat the filibuster that has already been promised.
I didn't kill myself because of you!
The Iraqis claim that four Iraqis were killed and that one U.S. plane was almost certainly shot down.
In upcoming books, Harry will take an interest in girls, and the villain will kill a favorite character.
Reed will make a killing.
Why do we consider the Oklahoma bombing especially vile because it killed children?
Or, "Viruses can kill!
She punched Kathleen Hanna of the riot grrrl band Bikini Kill backstage at Lollapalooza, and referred to her as "ratface."
It was found that all the five monoclonal antibodies are bactericidal and they specifically kill the bacteria grown in CDM-Fe media.
Which is why it's surprising that the LAT commits the unclarity of saying that the earlier cease-fire "ended without warning in February, 1996 with a London truck bomb that killed two people," without mentioning that the explosion was attributed to the IRA.
Don't count your chickens before they are hatched (F) Il ne faut pas vendre la peau de l'ours avant de l'avoir tué You should not sell the skin of the bear before you have killed him; (G) Man soll die Haut nicht verkaufen, ehe man den Bären gefangen hat You should not sell the skin before you have caught the bear; (R) He \?\ Not having killed the bear, do not sell the skin; (S) No vendas la piel del oso antes de matarlo Don't sell the skin of the bear before you have killed him.
But this economy seems so strong that the danger of having the boom killed by inflation--which would eventually lead to very sharp interest-rate hikes-- feels more powerful than the danger of having the boom killed by a slowdown.
Yellow fever, dysentery, and scurvy killed a sizable proportion of these unfortunates, who were crammed into filthy floating prisons (called “hulks”) during the hours they weren’t working.
He killed Star Wars in 1993, but the budget he introduced several weeks ago proposes $6.
Instead, when it comes to particulars, we have everybody quoting the comment of a woman whose Secret Service agent husband was killed in the Oklahoma blast: "It was a slap in the face."
"I have killed 100 children, all boys, and placed their bodies in acid-filled drums.
The U.N. force in Rwanda could have taken simple steps to prevent killing, but U.N. higher-ups declined to act.
The LAT runs a top-of-the-front photo of survivors of a massacre in Algeria last weekend and the USAT off-lead gives some of the details: villagers are abandoning their homes to avoid the viscious attacks by Moslem extremists that have killed more than 1,200 people just this week--on top of some 75,000 such murders since 1992.
French prosecutors dropped their investigation of the crash that killed Princess Diana.
2) We tried to kill him in '91 and couldn't.
P.S.: Ryan Papir, one of our readers, helpfully told me that after losing about $4 million in the 1987 crash, a man named Arthur Kane killed a Merrill Lynch office manager and seriously injured a stockbroker.
She recently wrote a powerful piece about the shooting of Amadou Diallo in New York City that began with an account of her father, a D.C. policeman, killing a suspect in self-defense.
A similar program successfully improved teacher quality for 17 years, until President Reagan killed it in 1981.
In the process of arresting two Serb officials indicted by a U.N.-administered war-crimes tribunal on the charge of operating concentration camps, the NATO peacekeepers killed one in a gun battle.
Previous studies have shown that adoptively transferred tumor antigen-specific CD4 +T cells can be tolerized in the secondary lymphoid organs [ 9 34 ] , including the RIP-Tag2 model [ 30 ] . Radiation may kill or disable regulatory T cells [ 35 36 ] , or other bone marrow-derived tolerizing cells and prevent the induction of tolerance in adoptively transferred tumor-specific T cells [ 9 ] . Additionally, the high but sub-lethal dose of radiation used leads to significant lymphopenia [ 37 ] . The sudden reduction in lymphocyte number may create the spatial allowance in spleen and lymph nodes necessary for the homing, activation and expansion of he adoptively-transferred T cells.
Also, a creepy explanation for the Rwanda genocide: "Judgment Day" asserts that Rwandans are incredibly law-abiding, so when the government ordered them to kill Tutsis, they obeyed without a second thought.
"Feeble" and "inadequate even by lazy-pastiche standards" is how Dennis Lim of the Village Voice describes this mean teen movie about a posse of cruel popular girls who accidentally kill one of their own and try to cover it up.
The pagoda was hit, killing, among others, two of Kim's brothers.
The blast killed 28--including nine children--and injured more than 200 in the worst atrocity in 30 years of the "Troubles."
I asked him if he understood that such statements strip Jews of their humanity, which is the first step anti-Semites take before they kill them.
Iraq claims they killed a farmer.
Therefore, your continual use of "Kill him," as in, "When we told Bill Gates the name of the person responsible for the mistake, he said, 'Have him killed,' " takes on a sinister, real meaning.
His father, Daniel Campa, was a lieutenant in the Federal Army and was killed in 1914 by Pancho Villa revolutionaries.
He claimed it was more important for Muslims to kill Americans than to kill other infidels."
Musicians often refer to a great rhythm section with terms like "grooving," "popping," and "killing."
The LAT says that fewer people have been killed in 1997 in the City of Angels than in any single year since 1977, which, the paper reminds readers with head injuries, was when Jimmy Carter was president.
Benjamin Smith (who had changed his name to August because he thought Benjamin sounded too Jewish) allegedly killed a black man and a Korean-American man and wounded two other Asian-Americans and six Orthodox Jews before shooting himself as the cops closed in.
Heeding the outcry, Congress introduced five measures by late March to kill the initiative.
Another says an orphan was killed, salted, and eaten.
Clinton also rejected a clause in the big tobacco settlement that would restrict the Food and Drug Administration's authority to regulate cigarettes . Pundits wondered whether this will kill the deal.
The piece flatly states that Iraq has run an elaborate germ weapons program and that it "had made enough deadly microbes to kill all the people on earth several times over."
Posner believes that "predatory pricing" (the monopolist's act of cutting prices to kill competition, as Microsoft is alleged to have done by giving away its Internet Explorer browser) can almost never exist.
They quietly suppress the reality of killing other humans and the possibility of being killed themselves.
And that appears to be the underlying purpose of English Accents and Dialects, a fitting epigraph to which might be added Lady Percy's tribute to her husband killed on the battlefield:
German troops later marched through the Amári Valley, burning villages to the ground and killing any men they could find.
The warrant was issued on the initiative of an obscure, self-appointed guardian of family values, a lawyer named Anil Goel, who had objected to four films-- The Jigsaw Murders , Dance of the Damned , Stripped to Kill , and Big, Bad Mama --that were broadcast in November 1996, the newspaper said.
I certainly have never heard anyone say the Ukrainians killed themselves (in the collectivizations of the 20s and 30s, I assume you mean).
We sought to see if Gleevec can potentiate the cell killing effects of cisplatin, the leading chemotherapeutic drug for almost all advanced cancer patients.
She's definitely broken new ground in establishing how thoroughly bifurcated their extended family was--Franklin's circle/Eleanor's circle, Franklin's place (Warm Springs)/Eleanor's places (Val-Kill and Campobello), Franklin's surrogate spouses (Lucy Mercer and Missy LeHand)/Eleanor's surrogate spouses (one-time state trooper and bodyguard Earl Miller and Lorena Hickok).
Army records show that when the remains of Japanese soldiers killed in the Mariana Islands were repatriated in 1984, some 60 percent of the corpses were headless.
In Patriot Games (1992), militants try to kill Harrison Ford and his family; in Blown Away (1994), a lunatic IRA man sets off bombs all over Boston; and in The Boxer , the rogue agent kills an old man, beats women, and bombs pubs.
Craft set himself up as Stravinsky's amanuensis, and his apercus are well worth reading; but when he mislabels the tile of Philip Larkin's Required Writing as Required Reading , he kills Larkin's playful title.
A botched assassination attempt that killed innocents is just the kind of thing the citizens ought to know about, while the government won't want them to know.
Berger told us that an after-action review by Director Tenet concluded that the strikes had killed 20-30 people in the camps but probably missed Bin Ladin by a few hours.
I am considering changing schools and telling new friends that my boyfriend was killed in a car wreck.
(The prison inmates may be objectified, but the people they killed don't seem to exist at all.)
Floods and mudslides have killed more than 250 in central Mexico after five days of record-breaking rain, according to the LAT 's lead.
Scientists want to determine the cause of the flu's potency (it killed more Americans than World Wars I and II, Korea, and Vietnam combined) and prevent future epidemics.
Hit made Marse Robert awful sad ter think of anything bein' killed, whedder der 'twas one of his soljers, or his little black hen."
He killed a couple of Rwandan park rangers in defense of his adorable ape family--which makes the movie a de facto vigilante picture and thus as mainstream a product as any that Hollywood churns out.
The script, credited to Larry Gross, Paul Brickman, and Stephen Schiff (from a potboiler by Andrew Klavan), is often laughably schematic, but much of what's outside its ramrod narrative is masterfully orchestrated: the physical exam on Beachum that begins the film (he's in perfect health to be killed), the meetings between the warden and his guards on execution procedure, the testing of the different colored phones--one connected to the governor's office--outside the lethal injection chamber.
In 1820 this imperial summer villa was all but abandoned after Emperor Jiaqing was killed here by a bolt of lightning.
He will be a European gentile, who will kill lots of Jews.
Serb defendants' excuses: 1) they weren't aware of the concentration camps that killed and tortured Muslims; 2) the camps started out innocently and then got out of hand; or 3) they killed prisoners because they anticipated a murderous onslaught by Muslims.
The Grisham diptych, The Client and A Time to Kill ? Bad movies done in style.
Chatterbox will be very surprised if GM's attempt to pass off yet another warmed-over Opel as a reliable, Spring Hill-style Saturn is anything other than a disaster that kills off the Saturn name for good.
Navy for years, reached its breaking point in April, when an errant Navy bomb killed a civilian guard.
The farm workers said they knew they had breathed poison moments after a crop-duster buzzed nearby, spraying a field of sweet corn with pesticides to kill mites and worms.
Watching Ellen screech, "They're killing us!"
There are quite a lot of opossums where I live (not, I hasten to say, of the possum type meriting the affectionate attention of Dame Edna Everage), and one sees them most often after they have been killed on the road by a car.
This "pacification" has killed many Chechen guerrillas and civilians and has turned most of the survivors into refugees.
Complete with big pictures: the WP and LAT run a shot of her embracing the mother of a boy she is widely believed to have had killed, while the NYT shows the former liberationist reformer decked out in all the major jewelry groups, including gold-inlaid designer glasses.
Most of the papers say that there were six shooters and that they were all killed by Egyptian forces.
The NYT reports that Stewart left Hollywood stardom to join the Air Force nine months before Pearl Harbor, and that one of his stepsons was killed in Vietnam.
Its T-shirts are decorated with pentagrams and slogans like "Kill God, Kill Your Mom and Dad, Kill Yourself."
The Georgian Republic waived prosecutorial immunity for a diplomat implicated in a collision that killed a teen-age girl in Washington, D.C.
The Iroquois killed thousands of Huron in all-out war, and two Jesuits, Jean de Brébeuf and Gabriel Lalemant, were tortured to death.
The nation more or less collectively decried Hitler's plan to kill off the mentally and physically disabled.
This could be accomplished through various disputes, such as whether Clinton must confess to perjury before the grand jury (Republicans insist on it; Democrats warn that it may kill the deal) and whether he should be fined (many Republicans demand it; many Democrats say it's unfair or unconstitutional).
If a veterinarian removes a quenk from the herd for treatment, it will be killed when it is replaced, since it will no longer have this herd odour (Dr.
Ramzi Yousef, the Sunni extremist who planted the bomb, said later that he had hoped to kill 250,000 people.
2. "If it can prevent children or other New Yorkers from being maimed, disfigured, or killed, it will serve its purpose."
This means that if House democrats remain united, then only three more "nays" from the GOP will kill the impeachment effort.
It's not just a question of men disinclined to violence getting killed off.
The LAT 's "Column One" notes a trend among those arrested for Internet porn: they have a disproportionate tendency to kill themselves.
Briefly, mice were killed after the end of treatment, RNA was extracted by RNeasy and TRIZOL procedure.
USA Today , the Washington Post and the New York Times lead with the shooting rampage in Atlanta, in which a man killed nine people in two office buildings and then shot himself in the head as police closed in.
Advocates like to point out that the waste hasn't killed anyone, but kids die every year from food poisoning.
Therefore, your continual use of "Kill him," as in, "When we told Bill Gates the name of the person responsible for the mistake, he said, 'Have him killed,' " takes on a sinister, real meaning.
The WP story details Russian attacks on civilians and highlights the plight of refugees.It reports that Chechan officials estimate that 4,000 civilians have been killed.
The interval had seen the news from Tokyo in March that a doomsday cult, Aum Shinrikyo, had released sarin nerve gas in a subway, killing 12 and injuring thousands.
Even Clarke's note challenging Rice to imagine the day after an attack posits a strike that kills "hundreds" of Americans.
Case closed: Alleged "spree killer" Andrew Cunanan , who was being hunted by the FBI for the murder of fashion designer Gianni Versace and others, killed himself.
When Upham finally does kill, it's too late to do any good, and in clear violation of the Geneva Conventions.
He also falls in love with a married woman, Mona, the embodiment of Sex--the kind of woman who sends men into spasms of uncontrollable lust, such that they'd kill their good buddies or drink themselves into an early grave.
There is no evidence against him, but he once explained to another neighbor how to make poisoned meatballs with a mixture of legal substances--organophosphates and others--that cause internal hemorrhaging, which was what killed Allegra.
I'd bought a cone of solid sugar and a boxOf tea for the saint himself, a felt-tip penFor his son, the saint-elect, and bubblegumFor a confusion of small fry--the five-year-oldAunt, say, and her seven-year-old nephew.Nothing for the women, of course, the tattooed,One-eyed, moon-faced matron, or her daughterWhose husband had long ago run awayAfter killing their newborn by pouringA bottle of cheap cologne down its throat.This was, after all, our first meeting.
A piece calls the protests against the Diallo killing "a ludicrous moral pageant" and an attempt by the "prevailing ideological power structure" to delegitimize Mayor Giuliani in particular and conservative governance in general.
The importance of dialect is emphasized regularly in the press, where we read about people being killed, as in parts of India, because they use the wrong shibboleths.
A second man was convicted in the Matthew Shepard killing.
E. coli cells were killed by heat treatment (70°C, 20 min).
The North Tower collapsed at 10:28:25 A.M., killing all civilians alive on upper floors, an undetermined number below, and scores of first responders.
That same day, 100 of Guterres' men stormed Carrascalao's house and killed 12 people, including his 18-year-old son.
They quietly suppress the reality of killing other humans and the possibility of being killed themselves.
After 1 h, gentamycin was added at 100 μg/ml to kill any remaining extracellular bacteria.
The U.S.government, joined by other governments around the world, is working through intelligence, law enforcement, military, financial, and diplomatic channels to identify, disrupt, capture, or kill individual terrorists.
Sixteen people were killed, and more than 20 are missing.
The government forces kill prisoners, bomb hospitals and churches, and enslave women.
But no one has ever been killed at the UFC--though boxers are killed every year.
Hazing is unbelievably brutal: More than 1,000 soldiers are murdered every year by their brothers-in-arms, and more than 500 kill themselves because of the horrific conditions.
Following a 45-minute incubation, osteoblasts were washed 3 times with HBSS and incubated in medium containing 25 μg of gentamicin per ml to kill extracellular bacteria.
According to the paper, more than 230 people have been killed in accidents involving this model of aircraft--the McDonnell Douglas MD-11--in the past year.
Mandela denounced their failure to stop the civil war that has killed 200,000 of the country's 6 million people since 1993.
Immediately northeast of the Colosseum is the Domus Aurea, the fabulous villa with extensive gardens built by the Emperor Nero, who spent just a few years in his “Golden House” before killing himself in a.d. 68.
If he did advertise, his volunteer, 45-hours-a-week office manager Jody Smith, no relation, says she might kill him.
Compare that with, say, car accidents, which kill 40,000 people a year, or smoking, which kills over 400,000.
You also might try killing the old girl with kindness.
Schumacher's regard for this composer--he used him also in A Time to Kill --is one sign of latent tastefulness.

Siegelbaum wants to kill the man for revealing his hidden desire.
The Washington Post 's John Schwartz deems "irresponsible" Richard Rhodes' "apocalyptic" predictions in Deadly Feasts that mad-cow disease could kill 200,000 people in Britain by 2015.
General Packenham, the brother-in-law of the Duke of Wellington (famous for his war successes), had been shot, thousands of his troops had been killed, and the tattered survivors withdrew in disarray.
Even if we stopped killings everywhere, we couldn't do so without killing people ourselves.
Britain prepared a parliamentary democracy with majority rule, but the majority were Hindus — and Hindus, Muslims, and Sikhs had been killing each other in war for many centuries.
The initial spin: Pushing to kill the bill was a big gamble for the tobacco companies, because they'll now have to face suits from states and individuals.
There really aren't enough opportunities for kids to come in to contact with guns or to kill helpless creatures nowadays, especially during the all-important elementary school years.
But Europe's Jews, too, had to be converted or killed.
Bush asked whether killing Bin Ladin would end the problem.
Five Americans and two officials from India were killed.
Derek's father was a fireman killed by a black drug dealer while battling a blaze in a crack den.
Ex-Reagan defense official Lawrence Korb points out in an NYT op-ed that the vote the other day to deny money to the F-22 doesn't, despite many headlines, actually kill the plane.
An earthquake in Turkey killed at least 10,000 and possibly as many as 35,000.
It kills babies!"
Schwalier was in command of the Saudi Arabian barracks where a terrorist bombing killed 19 U.S. airmen last June.
Just named one of the New York Times ' "Notable Books" of 1999, this chronicle of the struggle to understand the flu virus that killed about 700,000 Americans wins high marks for the way it blends rigorous science and a gripping detective story.
Clinton also observed that while he'd give anything (!) to go back and undo what he did, "that is simply not possible," perhaps because of technical problems with that CIA time machine because if they could go back and undo stuff, I'll bet they'd save Lincoln or kill Hitler long before they took trips for frivolous reasons, like undoing sexual high jinks.
If you kill your mother-in-law because you hate her, that is not a hate crime.
Iranian authorities confiscated copies of Zan after it printed a cartoon showing a thug being asked to kill a woman rather than a man because under Islamic law a woman's "blood money" is half that of a man's.
Another 767, produced at the same plant only two weeks later, crashed in Thailand in 1991, killing 217.
Also, endospores were not killed by transient exposure to ferrate in the presence of water at room temperature.
Kill the piece . Kill the piece!"
Kill video poker in South Carolina, and you erase the biggest stain on gambling's image.
Since the Pentagon had no evidence at that time to show who was to blame, its spokesman Kenneth Bacon "did the credibility of the Alliance nothing but harm by alleging that Serb forces had done the killing themselves to embarrass Nato.
If you killed a mule for food, wouldn't you end up with something more solid than a viscous gray paste?
If there's anything suspicious about the move, the stick will kill the dice [stop the dice while they are rolling] and shove them to the boxman.
As developers kill the bugs, they incorporate the solutions into a daily "build" of the program and test the build to make certain the solutions don't cause additional bugs.
"Kill Pvt.
… It is a criminal indictment, and it rightly reads like one" (Alan Ryan, the New York Times Book Review ). No one questions that communism was immensely destructive (the book estimates that between 85 million and 100 million people were killed by Communist regimes).
As several people noted, the percentages Chatterbox cited in his previous item (" Do Vacations Kill?") overstate some vacation dangers in the sense that, say, the higher incidence of drowning deaths compared with falling deaths reflects the much greater number of people who swim as compared with the number who climb mountains.
We never understand why the president (Dan Aykroyd) is trying to have two ex-presidents (Jack Lemmon and James Garner) killed.
And whether or not our distant male ancestors often participated in actual "war," they probably fought other males and sometimes killed them.
In the course of a long night, two Black Hawk helicopters were shot down, 73 Americans were wounded, 18 were killed, and the world's television screens showed images of an American corpse dragged through the streets by exultant Somalis.
Often, the man is nonviolent, but is coerced through persecution or abuse into killing his enemy, often a Texas Ranger, and must escape to the border.
Murderer vs. murder: Half of all Americans say that killing a fetus is murder, but few regard the woman who participates in the killing as a murderer.
Casualties on both sides were terrible: Allied losses numbered 2,000 killed and 12,000 taken prisoner, while the German war cemetery contains almost 4,500 graves.
At 9:58:59, the South Tower collapsed in ten seconds, killing all civilians and emergency personnel inside, as well a number of individuals-both first responders and civilians-in the concourse, in the Marriott, and on neighboring streets.
5: "Thou shalt not kill, except when provoked.
A Palestinian man, Ali Abu Kamal, shot seven people on the observation deck of the Empire State Building , killing one.
Between 1914 and 1919 they killed about 5,000 Mexicans.
...In a situation like that, you shoot to kill."
To be sure, Goldhagen's vision of a "consensual dictatorship" glosses over the repression of the labor movement, the killing and imprisonment of Hitler's opponents.

The WP says that dozens have been killed and hundreds injured; the LAT goes with 120 dead and 500 injured.
The NYT fronts, and the Post reefers, the second-degree murder conviction of a Michigan boy who was 11 years old at the time of the killing.
Still, the discovery would seem to knock from contention the theory that mechanical failure caused the airplane to explode on July 17, killing all 230 aboard ." (Emphasis added.)
An earthquake in Turkey killed at least 18,000 and possibly as many as 45,000.
Considering that an estimated 100 million anti-personnel land mines are deposited around the world and people are being "killed or injured at a rate of one person every 20 minutes," it said, "the world cannot wait until 2006."
And also as a troubled loser, who after his prior arrest for pulling a knife on staffers at a mental hospital in Washington state, where he lived, told cops he often thought of killing others and himself.
The appalled widow needs to know if the killing is real or simulated and hands Welles the financial resources he needs to ferret out the filmmakers and their possibly unfortunate leading lady.
The WP reports that the U.S. will continue to seek a dialogue with Khatemi, despite suspicions of Iranian involvement in the 1996 bombing of a U.S. military complex in Saudi Arabia that killed 19 Americans.
The good news: We're doing a lot better than Papua New Guinea, where a 23 foot tsunami killed an estimated 3,000 people July 17 and left their corpses to be devoured by crocodiles.
The piece convinces the reader that Tucker's pickax is not an anomaly: "Among the ways condemned women have killed in this country are shooting with an AK-47, slicing with a box cutter, injecting with battery acid, and beating with a baseball bat.
What a killing blow was suffered by haute couture in the first decade of this century, when The Press was first invited to fashion showings!
A small number of specialized microorganisms can survive inside macrophages designed specifically to kill bacteria.
Suffice it to say that Mr. Brangham and his girlfriend made it to Vermont and asked for a refund because U-Haul nearly killed them.
Could it be killing space aliens?
Who killed JonBenet, the 6-year-old beauty queen, has been an obsession of the tabs since her father found her body in the basement of their Boulder, Colo., mansion in December 1996.
He also allegedly shot and killed a letter carrier.
One exception is the Washington Post lead, which exclusively brings these details: the likely Nairobi bomb vehicle was turned away from the front gate of the embassy and sent around to the rear, where a grenade attack killed some guards before the bomb went off.
The WP reports that, voting along racial lines, the Mississippi state Senate yesterday rejected a proposal to compensate relatives of those killed in the state in hate crimes during the civil rights era.
So, how much does it cost to kill yourself, anyway?
There's Idi Amin, estimated to have killed 300,000 of his fellow Ugandans, enjoying life in Saudi Arabia.
Commentators who saw video of the trial noted that the aged defendant didn't look like a man who killed so many people single-handedly, that the henchmen who had helped him do it are escaping justice, and that one of them (dictator Hun Sen) is on his way to becoming the next Pol Pot.
The blast ripped a hole in the side of the Cole, killing 17 members of the ship's crew and wounding at least 40.
Interesting details: Capote met Kansas cops wearing nothing but a lacy pink negligee; Capote identified with murderer Perry Smith; female writer Harper Lee ( To Kill a Mockingbird ) acted as Capote's bodyguard during his Kansas visits.
Second, they say it's the roaring drunks who are out there killing people.
He implies that killing is justified when it releases a willing victim from pain, a maxim that could lead to a justification of slaying the innocent to avoid any other painful social or personal dilemma.
The yellow fever they carried soon spread across Bermuda, killing many hundreds of people.
The NEJM editorial hailed the study as yet more evidence that sleep deprivation kills.
If we outnumber this alien being, our instinct tells us to kill it and ask questions later (or, at the very least, discriminate against it and keep it in a manageable place).
Seale, killed in Peru while on a mission; and Marine veteran and Washington, D.C., police officer Henry J. Daly, killed in a shootout.
 (see below), Time thinks air strikes can't kill Saddam.
Case closed: Alleged "spree killer" Andrew Cunanan , who was being hunted by the FBI for the murder of fashion designer Gianni Versace and others, killed himself.
Even the hell-bound William Munny in the compelling Unforgiven (1992)--who does, admittedly, shoot a rather nice young cowboy in the gut, but instantly regrets it--ends up killing the sort of people who, when all is said and done, need killing.
After the August 1998 bombings of the American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, President Bill Clinton and his chief aides explored ways of getting Bin Ladin expelled from Afghanistan or possibly capturing or even killing him.
The LAT fronts a detailed profile of Buford Furrow Jr., the man allegedly responsible for opening fire inside a Jewish community center and killing a Filipino-American mail carrier Aug. 10.
2 billion in R and D for the plane was left untouched, and Korb notes that this sort of pot has been used in the past to resuscitate killed or virtually killed aircraft such as the B-1 and B-2 bombers and the Osprey tilt rotor aircraft.
Coverage of Alfonso Portillo's landslide victory in Sunday's runoff to Guatemala's general election seldom failed to mention the positive impact of Portillo's confession earlier this year that in 1982 he killed two rivals for the deanship of the Mexican law school where he was teaching.
On the off chance that you haven't followed every twist and turn of the case, there are two ways to reassure yourself that former Deputy White House Counsel Vincent Foster killed himself in Fort Marcy Park.
Where did the rage in Kaufman come from, and at what point did it kill the comedy?
It killed the ancient Romans -- and now it's killing me.
This time it was three scumbags, a record number apparently, killing themselves and others in a popular public place with bombs spewing nuts and bolts.
Though "Jeff " also used the 30 percent success figure, he warned that someone would surely be killed in the operation.
The French mock the British, the British mock the French, the Serbs kill the Albanians, the Albanians kill the Serbs--ah, that crazy regional humor.
2) It will anger the Russians and kill arms reduction, which is more important.
Also, lack of winter freezes means that mites normally killed off by the cold will survive.
Although more Americans had been killed in the 1996 KhobarTowers attack, and many more in Beirut in 1983, the overall loss of life rivaled the worst attacks in memory.
Kill!"
Recent avalanches in France, Austria, Italy, and Switzerland have killed dozens of people.
Did you know that several Americans are killed every year when lightning strikes a phone pole, courses through the phone line, and electrocutes them as they are making a call?
These warnings undoubtedly save lives: Natural disasters may cause more property damage in the United States, but they kill fewer people.)
In Russia, where terrorist bombs have killed more than 200 people in the past week, Izvestiya said that strongman Gen.
The LAT goes top front with words and a picture regarding three white supremacists arrested yesterday, charged with killing a black man by dragging him behind their car for several miles.
Another question: It's bad enough that the law tends to downplay these cases, but why don't the papers make more of being willing to kill service members to make a profit?
But, should this situation ever occur, anyone who does even an iota of research could make a killing by buying Microsoft stock at a ridiculously low price.
"Two Turkish Jews killed in quake"
"You have to be true to yourself as a writer, but I don't think you have a responsibility beyond that," said Brian Helgeland, the opening speaker at "Guns Don't Kill People ...
So if that wasn't enough to put a damper on anyone's mood, some radio reporters decided it was a good time to let us now that after all the spraying of mosquitoes (the stuff seems to kill butterflies and other birds and also adversely affect humans with asthma), we could have the same outbreak of Nile fever encephalitis next spring.
The hijackers claim to have killed four passengers, but so far they've released only one corpse, along with three men, nine women, and 13 children.
In Singapore, the Sunday Straits Times reported from West Timor that pro-Jakarta militias are being trained by Indonesian army defectors to kill Australian soldiers.
Reflecting a week in which 500 Indonesians were killed in street riots, in his announcement Suharto is quoted as saying, "It has become extremely difficult for me to continue the leadership of this country."
Before I go any further: You should know that I have collaborated with the co-producer of Happiness , Christine Vachon, on a new book called Shooting to Kill , which may be ordered by clicking here.
To determine whether TGF-β1 blocked Hyal-1 and Hyal-2-increased TNF killing, the cells were pretreated with TGF-β1 for 2 hr and then exposed to TNF-α in the continued presence of TGF-β1 for 16-24 hr.
Then he killed her anyway.
The Wall Street Journal puts atop its "Worldwide" box a powerful earthquake in western Turkey, which killed at least 286 people and injured 2,500.
A Seattle workplace massacre is fronted by USAT and reefered by the LAT and Post . The gunman wore fatigues to a shipyard and shot four people with a 9mm handgun, killing two.
The Washington Post said that Hsing-Hsing's almost human personality should lessen the "sense of apartness that causes us to treat so many animals as a commodity, or a nuisance--in either case as 'things' to be killed or driven away."
According to today's Times, the program was killed yesterday after the story raised a fit of scorn.
Under it, supposedly, is Imhotep (Arnold Vosloo), an ancient priest discovered--in the movie's prologue--in a compromising position with the Pharaoh's mistress, who kills herself in an act of feminist defiance.
After all, it would be typical of someone who sold Arlington Cemetery plots, which, though he may not have done it, is nevertheless typical of the kind of guy who'd kill Vincent Foster, which he didn't do either--but that doesn't matter because he's the kind of guy who does the kind of thing that gets you accused of doing that kind of thing.
Whole towns and villages, including Buda and Pest, were subjected to an orgy of killing and destruction.
The high estimate: 5,000 killed and 150,000 left homeless.
And what about the hundreds of civilians killed by errant NATO bombs?
Q.E.D.: Bobby killed Jack.
There are cases filled with elaborate and witty helmets from the early 17 th century, shaped like the knobby turbo seashell or with rabbit ears appended; swords designed more to impress than to kill; saddles decorated with such whimsical and hardly threatening motifs as powder puffs and cosmetic brushes.
No attempt has been made to activate the macrophages in this study, although several laboratories have shown that macrophages activated with cytokines such as interferon-γ increase the ability to kill mycobacteria [ 26 27 28 29 30 ] .
The ruling means that Woodward, convicted last fall of killing a baby boy in her care, is free to return to her home in England.
The Civil War ended with some 700,000 combatants dead on both sides; another 30,000 were executed or assassinated, including many priests and nuns; and perhaps 15,000 civilians were killed in air raids.
When American and Allied troops rolled into Germany in 1945, a few of them raped and killed German citizens.
A gunman killed seven people in a Fort Worth, Texas, church.
One example: A paranoid schizophrenic who had been briefly hospitalized at least 15 times killed a 25-year-old woman.
To enrich for clones with increased survival in human macrophages, the library was passed through THP-1 macrophages as shown schematically in Figure 1. THP-1 is a human monocyte-derived macrophage cell line [ 21 ] and wild-type M. smegmatis bacteria are rapidly killed by THP-1 macrophages [ 22 ] . After three rounds of enrichment, the resulting clones were analyzed individually by Southern blot to evaluate the number of different clones present as previously described [ 20 ] . Out of the 3000 colonies recovered, genomic DNAs from the bacteria of 90 randomly chosen colonies were digested with Pst I and hybridized with the pYUB178 vector.
However, lightning is more likely to kill you while you're engaged in recreation ( 14.3 percent), with the workplace a close second ( 14 percent in a public building , on a farm ,or in an industrial setting or a mine ; farms are the biggest risk here, responsible for 8.6 percent), and home placing third ( 12.4 percent at a home or resident institution ).
"That clipping, Mister Kearny, that's the problem.People get very nervous around somebodywho's killed somebody--no matter why he killed them.Now maybe that's unfair, but if you thinkabout it I'm sure you'll understand it's true."
Critics dismiss the fourth installment in the Batman series as nonsensical kitsch, a "wild, campy costume party" (Janet Maslin, the New York Times ). Director Joel Schumacher ( A Time to Kill ), a former window dresser, leans heavily on high-concept get-ups (villainess Uma Thurman sports a suit made from 450 Santa Claus wigs) in the apparent hope of deflecting attention from a script that "has the eerie feeling of having no beginning, no middle and no end" (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ). Still, his overwrought attempts to make the film fun--fast editing, crashingly loud sound effects--end up making it "a punishing ordeal" (Alex Ross, Slate).
First DeLay blocked it in the House, then Gramm killed it in the Senate, insisting that senators render an all-or-nothing verdict.
Finally, while Sacco and Vanzetti probably were innocent of the murder of a single policeman, McVeigh has practically confessed to killing 168 people and maiming 500 more.
, who had been investigated by the Secret Service for making threats against President Clinton in 1996, marched past a weapons detector and began firing, killing one police officer and mortally wounding a second officer whose own shots brought the gunman down.
When she decided to leave the show, her character got killed in a plane crash, and the guy playing Roman decamped, too, to be replaced by another actor about 10 years younger, six inches taller, and built like the ex-baseball player that he was.
The movie says that getting high all the time can rot your brain and even kill you, but it's not above going for Cheech & Chong-style laughs or blithely wallowing in the sense of community that drugs can instill.
The Post and NYT both note that despite these dangers, far more Americans are killed bicycling.
A special Israeli commando force stormed the plane, killed all the terrorists, and rescued all but one of the hostages.
A Che who, like any ordinary communist politician, had never killed anyone; a Che who had survived his guerrilla adventures, and was today an elderly figure, administering some grim bureaucracy for Fidel Castro or, alternatively, writing books at home in Argentina, surrounded by his anti-communist grandchildren--a Che like that would cause no stir at all today, and writers around the world would not be straining their brains to draw ever finer distinctions between the man's calamitous influence and some undefinable greatness.
I don't think it would be an exaggeration to say that you frequently see grittier reporting on VH1's Behind the Music , especially the part where Bush was so overcome with emotion while reading a letter he wrote to a 7-year-old girl whose father had been killed in battle during his administration that he was unable to continue, and had to hand the task over to the Donaldson (on 20/20 --that's never happened on Behind the Music , although I didn't watch every minute of the one on Poison, so you never know).
The results of cell culture and animal studies have shown that omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) selectively killed cancer cells in vitro [ 1 ] . Furthermore, n-3 PUFAs incorporated into animal diets have reduced tumor growth rates in vivo [ 2 3 4 ] . The prevailing hypothesis for the reduction in tumor cell growth, in vitro or in vivo , by supplementing the diet with high levels of n-3 PUFAs has been that the incorporation of n-3 PUFAs into cell membranes of the tumor cells increased the susceptibility of the cells for lipid peroxidation and that the products of lipid peroxidation subsequently accumulated to cytostatic or cytotoxic levels [ 2 5 6 7 ] . It has also been reported that supplementing the diet of cancer xenograft bearing mice with n-3 PUFAs could increase the efficacy of edelfosine [ 8 ] , doxorubicin [ 9 ] , mitomycin [ 10 ] , cyclophosphomide and 5-fluorouracil [ 11 ] or irinotecan [ 12 ] against the tumor.
In 1996, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center, 21 Americans were killed for being gay.
Witness today's correction in the WP : "In an article Sunday, former CIA director Robert M. Gates said that during the 1991 Persian Gulf War, U.S. officials were "hoping" that Iraqi President Saddam Hussein would be killed in a bombing raid.
