Iraq says it has done so and has barred inspectors since late 1998.
Update: NBC, in its Juanita Broaddrick broadcast last night, turned up an additional three witnesses who recall being told by Broaddrick in the late 1970s that Bill Clinton raped her.
The LAT focuses on new dissension within the Israeli government about whether or not Israel should continue to maintain forces in southern Lebanon, dissension fueled when an Israeli commando raid there late last week was ambushed, with twelve deaths the result.
In the late afternoon, the President overruled his aides' continuing reluctance to have him return to Washington and ordered Air Force One back to Andrews Air Force Base.
During the late 1970s the zoot suit received wide recognition and popularity with the production of a successful play by Luis Valdez.
The basic elements of life in the Aegean began to come together as early as 5000 b.c. , and were already in place by the late Bronze Age (c. 2700 b.c. ).
My memory is rickety, but I am sure my first recording was labeled MUSKRAT RAMBLE, and I think, though I am less sure, that it was played by the late “Muggsy” Spanier, who was, to my mind, one of the greatest of jazz trumpeters.
Pottery finds can be interpreted to support either the imposition of an elite culture from Turkmenia or a late development of the Indus civilization.
.the party consisted of Beckett, Dame Peggy Ashcroft, Harold Pinter, and the late Alan Webb.”
Now that I know My time is near I have been touched by God to donate from what I have Inherited from my late husband for the good work of God, rather than Allow my relatives to use my husband hard earned funds ungodly.
I took this decision because I do not have any child that will inherit This money and my husband relatives are not inclined to helping poor Persons and I do not want my husband's hard earned money to be misused Or spent in the manner in which my late husband did not specify.
My doctors told me I will not live longer than some weeks because of my health I decided to WILL/ DONATE the sum of 4.5 Million to you since I don't have a child rather than allowing my late husband's relatives that compare for his death to use my late husband hard earned funds ungodly.
My doctors told me I will not live longer than some weeks because of my health I decided to WILL/ DONATE the sum of 4.5 Million to you since I don't have a child rather than allowing my late husband's relatives that compare for his death to use my late husband hard earned funds ungodly.
For the fact no one else knows the existence of this fund in the family, As my late husband warned me not to disclose this issue to any of his brethren before his death.
I want somebody that will use this fund according to the desire of my late.
My late husband was diagnosed with cancer and heart attack just before he was admitted to the hospital.
They allegedly said that, my late parents have a close relationship with former president of Liberia (Charles Taylor) that was their reason of storming our home.
Please my dear beloved, our plans now are to relocate from Ghana since we can not afford to go back to Liberia following our past experience as they killed our parents, but we will need to move out the fund left by my late father here in Ghana.
Once you agree to help us move this fund, we will link you up with our late father's lawyer who endorsed his signatures during the day my father was depositing the fund so that he can brief you more better.
The main reason of contacting you is to solicit your help in coming forward to help us claim the fund as my late father instructed and after that we will move the Money to your Country for an investment.
I have all the documents of the deposit given to me by my late father and also the lawyer will help us get all necessary documents that will enable you receive this boxes on our behalf in your country for us to come over in your country for investment.
The reason I am telling you and revealing to you my family's secret because my late dad's burial is over and my Uncle is searching every where looking for bank documents that my father used in depositing all his money in the bank when his sickness became serious..
But he doesn't know that I have hide the documents in a safe place outside the house where he can not find them based on my late father's advice on his sick bed before his death.
i am currently admitted in a private hospital here in Abidjan cote d' Ivory, I have some funds I inherited from my late loving husband Mr.Frank Febian.
Well, you’ve been well off; have been walking a great deal as of late; are a frequent writer and are a lefty.
At the last, when the multitudes besieged the City, only then did I reveal my plot, and by then it was too late, for the City was burning.
Unfortunately, no late clinical follow up is planned.
Then we went out for a late swim.
Others, like the late William Hewlett, a key and highly influential founder of the region, believe that success stemmed from the learning advantages of an open labour market.
In the late 1870s, he defaulted on a loan from rancher Archibald Stewart, so Stewart took the Las Vegas Ranch for his own.
I would wake late, checking the clock on my room's lightscreen to make sure I hadn't slept through brunch.
So the only opportunity I have to talk to her (via Skype) is that last hour in the late evening when the loft cools enough to be habitable—provided, of course, that the wifi strength that evening is strong enough to establish and maintain a connection.
We're a couple months late buying credits for last year.
One reason we're late (other than the obvious) is the insane complexity in calculating it well.
I believe that what you are saying is that >no draft >was "submitted," but rather "made available for review," albeit with >rather late >instructions as to location and ownership.
Without hearing the car horns, I could almost taste the air of late March through the street fumes.
…Sir, if she’s in any danger, it will probably be too late to help her by that time.
He jumped at my arm while I was still off-balance, and I felt the surge of adrenaline that comes right when your body realizes that it’s too late to save itself.
SEASON Bitter melons can be found in Asian and specialty produce markets primarily from spring through late fall.
When the Pasadena native moved back to California from her long-time home in the Boston area last year, she also made the move from a condominium she and her late husband, Paul, had purchased many years ago to a progressive retirement home.
Almost 1,800 men were assembled n late 1944 to join the top-secret unit called the 509th Composite Group.
This prosperity continued until the late 1920s, when the Great Depression hit the area hard.
In a rulemaking proceeding conducted in the late 1980s at the request of a mailer, the Commission addressed the question of the Postal Service's authority to negotiate rate changes in the form of a proposal to recognize "contract rates."
Moore Ruble Yudell is a Los Angeles firm founded by the late Charles Moore, with whom John Ruble and Buzz Yudell built several university libraries and a public library in Berlin.
There was such a brief consensus in the late 1890s, when both architects and the American public, under the influence of the immensely popular World’s Columbian Exposition, embraced Classicism, at least for public buildings.
Richard Morris Hunt was the most celebrated American architect of the late nineteenth century.
They were both late bloomers.

http://twurl.nl/vbksqs In memory of my late friend Chad, the biggest perv I ever had the pleasure of knowing, I dedicate tomorrow's teabagging.
The Hong Kong International Cricket Series, held in late September, brings teams from all over the world.
Note the stained glass windows in the Quiet Chapel, designed by Joseph Edward Nuttgens in the late 1950s.
Up Tai Hang Road behind Causeway Bay is Aw Boon Haw (Tiger Balm) Gardens (open daily 9:30am–4pm), founded in 1935 by the late Aw Boon Haw, who became a millionaire by producing the medicinal Tiger Balm.
Chen Jia Ci, the Chen Family Institute (open daily 8:30am–5pm), was built in the late 19th century to promote arts and crafts.
This architectural renaissance in Edinburgh was followed by an intellectual flowering in the sciences, philosophy, and medicine that revolutionized Western society in the late 18th century and saw the city dubbed the “Athens of the North. ”
The agents' triumph was not complete, however, until the late 1980s and early 1990s, after all the studios had been bought by larger, mostly international corporations, and colorless corporate executives replaced the larger-than-life moguls of the studio era.
When people are late, it makes it hard to keep things working in a rational fashion."
A­mong the chapels which were given Baroque finishings in the late 16th century, notice an exquisite Perugino altarpiece of God the Father.
In addition peripheral fibers cease to function as a culture ages consequently a very late arising structure that happens into an exclusion zone can develop there into a mature structure.
 's Shirley Hemphill; the Star on the "sad, last days" of Ellen Corby of The Waltons ; or the Star on the "sad, tormented life" of the late Dana Plato.
The Economic Policy Institute and the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities issued a joint study today called "Pulling Apart" that shows, on a state-by-state and national basis, that income inequality in the United States has continued to worsen in the past decade, building on a trend that began in the late 1970s.
During the sweep months (February, late April-early May, and November), network execs pack their prime time lineups with the shows they are convinced will reap the highest ratings of the year.
The basic elements of life in the Aegean began to come together as early as 5000 b.c. , and were already in place by the late Bronze Age (c.
Assuming that the same low rate of late toxicity is maintained, the number of cases of such late complications will not increase significantly with a significant increase in size of the study population.
In our studies, the occurrence of outer retinal damage was only observed in old AKXD28 eyes with late stage disease, typically several months after signs of glaucoma were evident, and was a late consequence of disease progression.
Drizzle rather than heavy rain generally falls from late May to late June, when the spring flowers burst forth, but temperatures are brisk.
The market blossomed in the late 1980s, with the rise of wholesale buyer's clubs like Costco and SAM'S Club.
After 30 years as a troublemaker, bully, and media hound, O'Hair vanished in late 1995 along with her son and granddaughter.
But only one Hollywood character fits this bill: John Howard Lawson, the dean of Hollywood Reds who reemerged to become Reagan's political foe in the late '40s.
As of late 2000, the public human sequence was primarily based on approximately 24,000 accessioned bacterial artificial chromosome (BAC) clones covering 97% of the euchromatic portion of the genome [ 6].
Distinguished three-story, late 18th-century houses line the square, and orange trees soften the edges, adding color and scent.
The nation was founded in the late '20s by traveling salesman Wallace D. Fard, whose preachings combined Islam with an Afrocentric cosmology.
John Bourke writes about an ancient custom in Mexico still used in the late nineteenth century: a merchant kept a tin cylinder for each customer, and after each purchase he’d drop a bean into it.
payments are made to coincide with the due dates to take advantage of discount terms or avoid late payment penalties.
Little is known of his life, early or late, and his pictures (37 in the Wadsworth show, carefully culled from a total of perhaps 170) are the sole evidence of his preoccupations.
When AFDC rolls began climbing in the late 1960s, fewer than 10 percent of American children were born out of wedlock.
When the United States decided to dump Boutros-Ghali in late 1996, everyone touted Annan as the compromise candidate to replace him.
In late 1998, Nashiri proposed mounting an attack against a U.S.vessel.
These show performances from December or January until late spring or early summer.
When Upham finally does kill, it's too late to do any good, and in clear violation of the Geneva Conventions.
Of late, they have been involving themselves in congressional races, to the chagrin of the national party.
Incredibly, hardly anyone recognized this until the late '70s, when the quintet's work was adopted as a model by young musicians such as Wynton Marsalis.
And Bellow, too, is putting the finishing touches on a novel titled Ravelstein , about his late friend Allan Bloom, so I had to mention that.
So what if Quindlen's about a week late to the story?
where n = number of treatments, d = dose per fraction, T = treatment time, α/β = 3 Gy(for late effects), and Tp (potential doubling time) and α (linear component of cell killing) were estimated from the published literature [ 6 7 8 ] , [ 18 19 ] to be 34 days and 0.3/Gy, respectively.
It came too late, and he died.
The paper recalled her well-known antipathy to Kohl and her quiet attempts, with the late President François Mitterrand of France, to stop German reunification by encouraging Moscow to block it.
Jean Shepherd, the recently deceased radio genius who created magic with the spoken word, used to berate Snoopy back in the late '60s.
In the late 1950s, consulting came into its own.
Though settlers brought the first African slaves to Cuba in the early 1500s, hundreds of thousands of African laborers were imported in the late 18th century to meet the demands of the sugar industry.
"I'm a stickler for being on time," he writes, because "late is rude."
I am roughly familiar with researches into this semantic by old friends, like John Groome of Grenada or Frank Collymore of Barbados, but find use of the living language hereabouts best shown in the work of the late and much lamented Shiva Naipaul, younger brother of V.S. (who declines to use his knighthood).
In late 1998, Hijazi and Abu Hoshar had settled on a plan.
At Washington dinner parties in the late 1970s, the implausible new arbiter was a prime topic of conversation among yuppies, who then sent their hosts thank-you notes in blue or black ink, as she prescribed.
In late 1998, the House of Representatives prodded federal banking agencies to require more bank surveillance by overwhelmingly passing a bill that would have forced regulators to issue KYC rules for comment within 120 days
This study explores the effect of alteration of the GC environment during late gestation, with the expectation that suppression of GC effects will improve the LIFR null newborn phenotype and identify LIFR as an obligatory player in concert with the maternal GC surge during late gestation development.
"They faced great odds and a late start, but they did not protest ," Brokaw writes of the GIs, casting another aspersion at the Vietnam generation (italics mine).
In the film--as in life--Brandon (who never used the last name Teena; he was called "Brandon Teena" only posthumously) had already been wooing young women as a man in his hometown of Lincoln before arriving in Falls City (population 5,000) in late 1993.
The information arrived at Bangkok too late to track these travelers as they came in.
Destroyed by an earthquake in the 1910s, it was rebuilt in 1940 and thoroughly restored as part of the major renovations of the late 1980s.
One need only remember how the appropriation of the verbs dig , rap , and groove by grown-ups during the late 1960s and early 1970s proved to be a kiss of death.
The children of Carrillo School carried out this tradition until the late 1970s, and the Mexican Folklore Club continued until well after Miss Collier retired from teaching.
described Tnfrh1 as having ubiquitous expression [ 4 ] . Consistent with this, northern blotting using Tnfrh1 -specific probes matching the relatively divergent 5' end of this gene showed easily detectable Tnfrh1 mRNA transcripts in nearly all adult tissues, as well as in late fetal organs and structures (Fig.
The New York Times goes with an exclusive: the belief of American investigators that there are some people (one of whom is now in custody in Senegal) who are connected to both Osama Bin Laden and to the Algerians arrested late last year apparently in the midst of carrying out one or more bomb plots against targets in the U.S.
This sounds plausible, until you think about what the decision to release the films a day late actually means.
Sportswriting legend Shirley Povich of the WP died late last week at age 92 (he was still writing for the paper; his last column appeared the next day) and the papers have been full of his greatness.
It starts late Saturday night, when Web-newsie Matt Drudge files this breathless report on his site.
There is a false consciousness to a late 20 th -century writer's efforts to evoke a 19 th -century man in a language that belongs to neither.
The story has to do with M. Larry Lawrence, the late owner of San Diego's Hotel Del Coronado and a major donor to President Clinton, and now a subject of a House panel's investigation into whether the Clinton administration rewarded campaign contributors with burial plots in Arlington National Cemetery.
The whole island is in a holiday mood when the event is held in late July or early August, and most shops and many restaurants close.
On the other hand, the paper also notes that in her 1995 testimony in connection with a lawsuit over her late husband's estate, Willey says she never had a conversation with anyone in Washington about her husband's financial reversals.
Yet to date, neither KSM, Binalshibh, nor any other al Qaeda figure interrogated about the 9/11 plot has claimed that Atta or any other member of the Hamburg group traveled to Afghanistan before the trip in late 1999.
, submitted), which encodes a form of Cdc14 that binds weakly to Net1 and is released from Net1 during mitosis even in the absence of MEN function [ 23 ] . Taken together, these data suggested the hypothesis that cdc5 mutants arrest in late anaphase because inadequate Cdc5-dependent phosphorylation of Net1 results in failure to release active Cdc14 from the RENT complex.
District Judge William L. Osteen Sr. late last month.
The most recent was the revelation, in 1994, in the magazine Paris Match that the late President François Mitterrand had had a daughter by his mistress--a report that had provoked many protests about the intrusion into his privacy.
In an article in Torbay's Herald Express (May 1993), he remembered hearing grockle for the first time in the late 1950s when working on the Goodrington promenade.
The late stages of spermatogenesis (spermiogenesis) were extensively studied for the possible direct effects of ABP [ 16 17 42 43 44 45 ] . In these studies, however, ABP (at least at physiological concentrations) appeared to be supportive, rather than detrimental, to spermatogenesis.
Thus a differential reduction in foliage water content of FR plants is comparable to that observed in northern and southern-selected HRWW genotypes observed in the field by Martin [ 11 ] and Nass [ 14 ] in late autumn.
That would make the current rate the lowest since the early '70s or even the late '60s.
By late last week, the scene at 20 N. Moore St. matched its televised accounts.
Another late opportunity was presented by a confluence of information regarding Khalid Sheikh Mohammed received by the intelligence community in the summer of 2001.
When Maynard invited me to visit with you, I plumb forgot that the Commission would be in the final throes of the R2000-1 rate case in late October.
An article attempts to explain William Shawn, the late, lamented, longtime editor of The New Yorker . The painfully shy Shawn once declined an honorary degree from Yale because of his fear of crowds.
The late Michael Barnes, a corporate lawyer, and the legendary John Cummiskey, a labor lawyer on management's side, are two of Lalley's heroes.
I want to tell you a story: One day in late 1998, I was hanging around the Westchester federal courthouse, waiting for another of John A. Gotti's interminable pre-trial hearings to begin, when I bumped into Gotti's friend, Angelo Ruggiero Jr.
Le Figaro of Paris splashed across five columns an allegation aired on French and German television that one of ex-Chancellor Helmut Kohl's secret financial benefactors was late French President François Mitterrand.
By the late '50s Rothko was a very successful painter, and he hated it.
In Paris, Le Figaro 's headline was "The Accursed Kings" ("Les Rois Maudits "), and its front-page editorial compared John Jr. to the late Princess of Wales.
The Los Angeles Times fronts an accord to admit China into the World Trade Organization--a story that broke too late to make the print editions of the East Coast papers and too late for the LAT to change its print lead (a feature story on Haiti).
For example, a search of GenBank in late 2001 revealed that the micro-exon of Ceres: 118038 is homologous to exons from five different cDNAs (accession numbers gi: 15028118, gi:6683111, gi:14517549, gi:15027838, and gi:16974574).
The poorly written rules give interest-free loans on late taxes to any and all residents of areas deemed disaster areas, instead of those actually impacted by the event.
Ethnic Chechens--descendants of an isolated mountain people--were strong trade partners with Russia in the 18 th and 19 th centuries, but rebelled violently against annexation in the late 1700s and again in the 1840s and 1850s.
Attempts at reform came too late; by 1876 the government was bankrupt.
The software giant belatedly realized the importance of courting politicians and the press, but the Microsoft charm offensive is too late: The company has already been tarred as a bully in the court of public opinion.
For postmenopausal women, it was women with A2 alleles who were most at risk of breast cancer with late age at first full-term pregnancy and with difficulty becoming pregnant.
The main opportunities came after the new information the U.S. government received in 1996-1997, after the embassy bombings of August 1998, after the discoveries of the Jordanian and Ressam plots in late 1999, and after the attack on the USS Cole in October 2000.
The fact that royal biographer Andrew Morton wrote the stories of both the late Princess Diana and Monica Lewinsky has made the comparison irresistible, and it turns out to be apt: They were both childish women whose self-involvement nearly brought down their respective governments.
Senator Albert Gore, Sr. will no doubt take great comfort in learning from a NYT correction (of an article about Clark Clifford's memorial service) that he is not "late," but actually 90 years old and living in Carthage, Tennessee.
The designs for the Rio Grande blankets are very distinct, with indigo-dyed stripes, and later were influenced by Saltillo sarape motifs that were introduced in the late 1800s.
The continent was mapped in the late 1920s, setting off an international land rush.
While the first part of Renoir's assertion is preposterous (as anyone can see who peruses the dozen or so early works, culled from the Art Institute's own spectacular collection of over 90 pieces by Degas, that serve as an appetizer for the exhibition), the show makes a convincing case for the vitality of Degas' late work.
I am in my late 20s and in a serious relationship.
(Once, when Magic rushed over to stop him, Larry stared at him, said, "You know you're too late," and buried a jumper.)
And the congressmen and CNN executives would be incredibly late to work because the IRT stops neither in Washington nor Atlanta.
As places to watch ballgames, they were vastly superior to the post-World War II parks, especially the facilities designed in the late '60s and '70s that doubled as football stadiums.
The LAT focuses on new dissension within the Israeli government about whether or not Israel should continue to maintain forces in southern Lebanon, dissension fueled when an Israeli commando raid there late last week was ambushed, with twelve deaths the result.
Assuming that the same low rate of late toxicity is maintained, the number of cases of such late complications will not increase significantly with a significant increase in size of the study population.
After late 1996, when Abu Hoshar was arrested and jailed, Hijazi moved back to the United States, worked as a cabdriver in Boston, and sent money back to his fellow plotters.
In the movie, Sheriff Woody, the cowboy action figure (voice supplied by Tom Hanks), turns out to be a valuable relic of the late 1950s; he is stolen by an unsavory collector/toy-store owner named Al (Wayne Knight) and sold to a museum in Japan.
The face has an obviously simian cast--yet the creature sports a tweed coat and spectacles and parts his silver hair on the side; he bears a distinct resemblance to the late George Burns.
The late 15th-century cathedral (Duomo di San Giovanni) cherishes one of Italy’s most celebrated (and controversial) relics, the shroud said to have wrapped Jesus after his descent from the cross, taking the imprint of his face and body.
In the late 1870s, he defaulted on a loan from rancher Archibald Stewart, so Stewart took the Las Vegas Ranch for his own.
The widespread use of the so-called invariant "be" to indicate continuous or habitual action ("he be late"), for instance, is not a historical legacy but a development of the last 50 years.
Since apparent defects due to LIFR loss arise during the late gestation GC surge, while maternal progesterone levels are declining in anticipation of birth and because phenotypes that have been attributed in the literature to GC excess are lessened through RU486 and the apparent heightened GC response in Lifr -/- mice affects both sexes equally, it is likely that RU486 attenuation of associated phenotypes is primarily mediated through GR antagonism.
These include: low sibling relative risks due to the high population prevalence; presence of multiple genetic loci, each contributing a small portion of the sibling relative risk; incomplete penetrance of genetic loci; environmental risk factors; late age at onset; and phenocopies, i.e. disease due to purely environmental factors.
Pro-lifers had the better of this argument in the late 1960s and 1970s, because pro-choicers got mixed up with the sexual revolution and the anti-war movement.
The prevailing winds reverse in late spring, blowing the haze north over the land, where its particles combine with monsoon rains and fall to the earth, dissipating the cloud.
In the town of Hiraizumi — just a 20-minutes bus ride from Ichino-seki Station — you’ll find a temple dating from the late Heian period (early 12th century).
8C), while the ~52 kDa protein identified by N-19 polyclonal antibody showed a tendency to decline in late cultures (Fig.
Here the late César Manrique designed and erected a huge white modern sculpture, Monumento al Campesino, dedicated to the peasant workers of the island.
In late October a young woman librarian at the college took me to a flower-arranging exhibition.
While additional measurements at later stages of development would be needed to confirm whether this is a continuous trend for cartilage development in late pregnancy in Hoxc-8 overexpressing animals, these results were initially unexpected: The phenotype of Hoxc-8 transgenic animals at 17.
He reported that the late, lamented Sidney J. Perelman confessed that he had Parkinson's disease and Parkinson had mine, but Eisenberg, in Scientific American, asserted that Perelman said he had Bright's disease and he has mine (James Parkinson, 1755-1824, described paralysis agitans and Richard Bright, 1789-1858, chronic glomerulonephritis).
Western reporters in Belgrade say they have encountered people who recall reading press reports from the late '40s about Albright's family.
In the province of computing, that feat was accomplished not by Gates--who has never fought to reduce the price of computing power, lest his margins suffer unnecessarily--but by the boys at Intel, led by Gordon Moore, Andy Grove, and the late Robert Noyce--who, years before his death, joked with IBM execs that computers in the future would not only be more powerful than IBM mainframes, but would be smaller, and much, much cheaper.
The publication says female residents wake in the middle of the night when they feel the late Ozzie nuzzling their necks.
For a fleeting moment late last night, I thought I saw a reference on Drudge to some story about Hillary having acknowledged smoking pot.
Baker has read tired and grumpy of late, but his best columns have always been wonderful correctives to everybody else's.
The results implicate excess fetal GC response in late gestation as the reason for the multi-systemic phenotypes in the absence of LIFR.
(JP II and Reagan, by contrast, showed up too late to get much consideration.)
6) Paula Jones' attorneys reportedly are investigating whether Clinton had an affair with the widow of the late Ambassador Larry Lawrence, who got into Arlington Cemetery evidently because his fake military record wasn't carefully scrutinized.
The defectors, who played key roles in the Cambodian genocide of the late 1970s, have been put up in luxury hotels.
However, when net1(7m) and net1(19m') cells were evaluated by immunofluorescence, the majority released Cdc14 in late anaphase, and the subset that exhibited a modest delay in Cdc14 mobilization probably released enough Cdc14 to exit mitosis in a timely manner such that essentially no cell cycle progression defect was evident (Fig.
Third, cat's-paw dates from the late 18th century as a dupe, a person used by another as an unsuspecting agent, or tool, especially in nefarious transactions.
PBS returns to form with a strong Great Performances program on the late Alvin Ailey, who brought black soul to modern dance ( Wednesday , 10 p.m.).
So I complained about this prospect, and before long we were back to the default situation: chronic late payment.
An alleged Bin Ladin supporter in Yemen late last month remarked to his mother that he planned to work in "commerce" from abroad and said his impending "marriage," which would take place soon, would be a "surprise."
They did, especially during the late 1910s and the 1920s, when a leading lady like Mary Pickford could command the then-astronomical sum of $10,000 a week, plus an annual bonus of $340,000.
And you might as well also know that: a) Chatterbox has been friends with Kaus for close to 20 years; b) Chatterbox and Kaus co-edited an anthology of neoliberal writings in the early 1980s that never got published; c) Chatterbox and Kaus attended the same high school, though at different times; d) Chatterbox and Kaus apprenticed at the same magazine, the Washington Monthly , though at different times; e) Chatterbox first met the future Mrs. Chatterbox at Kaus' Washington apartment in 1986; f) Kaus was an usher at the Chatterbox nuptials in 1990; g) Chatterbox and Kaus worked at Newsweek at the same time, though in different cities, during the late 1980s; h) Chatterbox has probably neglected to cite five or six additional conflicts of interest, but figures he has to leave something for Brill's Content to expose.)
The temperate, tropical climate means you are likely to enjoy sunshine throughout the year, and only seasonal, late afternoon rains in the summer months might interrupt a golf game or other active endeavor.
The book is presumed to draw on 64 love letters written to him by the late princess during their five-year affair that, according to the Mirror , she implored him to burn.
Heeding the outcry, Congress introduced five measures by late March to kill the initiative.
In the past few days, it has published long articles on 1) the death in 1957 of a member of the Cuban underground; 2) a speech made 120 years ago by Cuban revolutionary Antonio Maceo; 3) a decade-old Cuban victory in Angola; and 4) the 95 th birthday of the late Julio Mella, the founder of the Cuban Communist Party.
Peter Applebome, who wrote the Times obit, wins truth-telling points for a paragraph that began, "Mr. Morris drank too much bourbon and red wine, smoked too many Viceroys, stayed up too late and caroused too much."
Spin 2) Merrill's late arrival proves how slowly the Internet is transforming Wall Street.
The Director of Central Intelligence had once had a national intelligence officer for terrorism to coordinate analysis; that office was abolished in the late 1980s and its duties absorbed in part by the Counterterrorist Center.
Altogether, very low in vivo ERα expression in all moderately and severely abnormal placentae rose significantly (several fold) in early cultures, and high expression remained unchanged in late cultures.
Who'd have thought that Mamet was secretly in love with the well-carpentered, '40s and '50s drawing-room plays of the terribly English Terence Rattigan, whom the Angry Young Men of the late '50s loutishly blew off the boards--thus paving the way for Mamet's expletive-laced theater games?
But of late, lawmakers have indicated a change of attitude toward legal immigrants, and this has affected the number of applications for citizenship.
Though it fell into decline, as did Athens, through the late first and second millennium, it was re-energized following independence.
D-alanyl LTA, but not D-alanine-free LTA, is present in culture filtrates of Streptococcus mutans GS5 [ 17 ] . Bacteria were grown at 37°C in trypticase soy broth to late stationary phase (96 h), when the maximal amount of antigen is extruded into the culture fluid [ 18 ] . After centrifugation to remove the bacteria, culture fluid (10 1) was concentrated 20-fold over a YM10 Diaflo Membrane filter (Amicon Corp., Beverley, MA).
A late painting like Christine Lerolle Embroidering (1897), with its complex weave of frames within frames, is a veritable catalog of the craftsmanlike bric-a-brac Renoir admired: the embroidery frame constructed of bamboo; William Morris wallpaper; a Japanese vase; the rough-hewed paintings of Degas and Renoir himself that the connoisseurs are inspecting in the background.
In late 1995, he sold Scott to Kimberly-Clark for $9.
Two years of savage civil war ended in late 1949 with Communist defeat, but political instability persisted.
The metric system originated in France in the late 17 th century to combat rampant commercial fraud by farmers and shopkeepers who used the varied systems of weights and measures to their advantage.
The Star has been obsessed with Pitt and Aniston of late but can't seem to make up its mind about just what's happening in their bed.
The cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor p27 Kip1plays an important role in regulating cell cycle progression by inhibiting the cyclin-Cdk complexes responsible for promoting the transition from G1-phase to S-phase [ 1 2 ] . In normal cells, p27 Kip1levels are high in GO and decrease rapidly in late G1 allowing entry into S-phase [ 3 4 ] . p27 Kip1has also been implicated as playing a role in tumor formation and progression.
In the late 19 th century, Serbian nationalists had built up national myths about the heroics of Prince Lazar and cast Kosovo's status as a Jerusalem-like holy land populated with Orthodox religious shrines.
" 'Let us take a brief moment of silence for the late Ted Hughes,' to the semiannual convention of Poetesses Who Love Anguished, Theatrical Histrionics (PLATH)."
If it's just plain stupid to continue making rambling, drunken, late night phone calls to Ellen Barkin despite a court order--hypothetically speaking--what's to be gained by running a no-win campaign in New Hampshire?
In late May and early June of 2000, he closed his bank account, transferred the car registration to Hazmi, and arranged his return to Yemen.
There had been a foretaste of elite foreign tourism in the 1920s, but it was the late 1950s when the rest of Europe began sun-seeking pilgrimages to Spain.
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, baseball cards exploded into a classic speculative bubble--there I go, sounding like the old Alan Greenspan--to which companies responded by producing too many cards that were too expensive.
while the Globe claims that Felicity star Amy Jo Johnson's late mother is now her guardian angel, "watching over [her] and guiding her to showbiz success."
Die-hard Straussians--followers of the late Leo Strauss, of whom I gather Keyes is one--love the Declaration more than the Constitution because it's got God in the lead.
The word was also very much alive in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries in the dialect of southwestern England, where it had come to mean any type of filth or litter, according to Elworthy's A West Somerset Word-Book.
heavy (1) Slang from the HIPPIE and youth culture of the late 1960s and early 1970s for serious, important, or meaningful, e.g. a heavy date.
Near the house was a badly-coifed flowering quince that had only a handful of lovely flowers for a few days in May and one or two fruits clinging pathetically in late summer.
Chen Jia Ci, the Chen Family Institute (open daily 8:30am–5pm), was built in the late 19th century to promote arts and crafts.
Perhaps a reliable approach is the one the late Jacqueline Onassis is said to have used.
It is late 80 percent of the time.
Our own laboratory strain of Bacillus subtilis was grown in a simple yeast extract-based broth through late logarithmic phase of growth and allowed to sporulate.
For example, delivery of the aft fuselage-the rear aircraft body section-was late for several of the test aircraft and two ground test articles because of late parts and difficulties with the welding process.
The Los Angeles Times leads with the latest development in the mini-scandal concerning the interment at Arlington of the late Clinton political donor and ambassador M. Larry Lawrence: the decision of his widow to have her husband's body removed from there.
Referring to the late President François Mitterrand's establishment of a special court to try Fabius et al.
One of the great contributions of the late Joseph Heller was his understanding of how ideas and phrases get repeated with mindless reverence in bureaucratic cultures.
It fits our ideas of the 1920s, when the market was incredibly manipulable, or even of the 1980s more than it does the late 1990s.
The magazine profiles Nolanda Hill, who was business partner, best friend and, as she reveals, mistress of late Commerce Secretary Ron Brown.
The same source late last month said that Bin Ladin might implement plans to hijack US aircraft before the beginning of Ramadan on 20 December and that two members of the operational team had evaded security checks during a recent trial run at an unidentified New York airport.
The towns, not to be outdone by the agricultural shows, also hold annual festivals such as the popular Victorian Festival at Keswick or the Medieval Festival in Kendal; both are in late May and both feature crafts, food stalls, and artists and entertainers in period costumes.
Some have lived in Israel for generations, but most have arrived (or are descended from those who arrived) from every part of the world since the modern Zionist movement began in the late 19th century.
Of course, they were simply doing what the industry has done ever since the late 1950s, when it became clear both that cigarettes were bad for people and that the nicotine in them was addictive.
Yesterday, the WP was able to squeeze early news of the 2 a.m. agreement into a late edition.
Several physiological and biochemical changes distinguish plant genotypes during and after cold acclimation [ 5 6 7 8 9 10 ] . One such distinction among genotypes is tissue water content that decreases more rapidly in certain genotypes than others during the cool autumn season [ 11 12 13 ] . Martin [ 11 ] observed from field results that northern selections contained less tissue water in late autumn than did those selected farther south where winter freezing conditions are less severe.
Massive marble mausoleums line the principal avenues of the cemetery, a vast city of the dead established in the late 1800s.
The musician who first set this pace was the ex-Nazi Herbert von Karajan, who in the late 1950s was simultaneously principal conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic, the Vienna State Opera, and the Salzburg festival.
A well-known figure in the Muslim community (and to German and U.S. intelligence agencies by the late 1990s), Zammar had fought in Afghanistan and relished any opportunity to extol the virtues of violent jihad.
Built from 1532 to 1637, the main structure is late Gothic with a somewhat incongruous but imposing Renaissance colonnade on its western façade.
Older Bostonians can still recall the stench of rancid meat emanating from them on a hot summer’s day and the gradual decay of the area before they were restored in the late 1970s.
Make an early start with breakfast (or come back for a late afternoon apéritif) on Piazza del Popolo at Caffè Rosati, a veritable Roman institution and historical meeting-place of the city’s literary personalities.
No, worse than awful: desperate" (Lisa Schwarzbaum, Entertainment Weekly ). Instead of going for the tongue-in-cheek, campy horror style so popular of late, director Jan De Bont ( Speed ) relies on old-fashioned things-that-go-bump-in-the-night scares.
While training for a career as an officer in the late 1920s, he displayed fashionable contempt for the Weimar Republic.
The late subway graffitist turned '80s art superstar gets his first major retrospective, to grudgingly admiring reviews.
In Bangkok, CIA officers received the information too late to track the three men as they came in, and the travelers disappeared into the streets of Bangkok.
Deng's successors broadly favor cooperation, but lack the late paramount leader's dominating influence.
He re-materialized in the late '80s, this time in the guise of the Angry White Male, the forgotten victim of minority preferences and "reverse discrimination."
He made several albums with the Hollywood Bowl Orchestra in the late '50's and early '60's and is the father of Daryl Dragon of The Captain and Tennille fame.
On the Adriatic, Pesaro honors its native son Rossini from mid-August to late September.
Miller first heard rock in 1956 as a teen-ager, won early renown as a rock critic in the late 1960s with Rolling Stone , and was rock critic for Newsweek in the 1980s.
These are blessings and curses he wrote on charred or otherwise manipulated bits of paper and sent to friends, enemies, and a few public figures (Hitler, for one) in the late 1930s, in the wake of a disastrous trip he took to Ireland, wielding a cane that he believed was the staff of Saint Patrick, from which he returned in a straitjacket.
The heyday for moderate Republicans was probably the late 1950s, when Dwight Eisenhower was president and Modern (i.e.
By late June, U.S. and other intelligence services had concluded that al Qaeda was in pre-attack mode, perhaps again involving Abu Hafs the Mauritanian.
By late Monday, Harris had only a handful of bids, and only one was verified as legitimate.
Smoothed levels of BMI by age, based on lowess [ 21 ] , are also shown for women who experienced early, intermediate, or late menarche.
Occasional patients may come to attention in late childhood or adulthood but careful history often indicates that symptoms have appeared earlier [ 18 19 ] . The mainstay of treatment is dietary restriction of sucrose-containing foods.
Each time I visit Oxford, I walk past the Bodleian Library, pass under the Bridge of Sighs, and turn down the narrow lane that leads to Oxford University's New College, treading the same path as the late venerable Reverend Doctor William Archibald Spooner.
It was late summer, and there still were many days and nights of sports remaining before school started again.
The school massacre near Denver supplanted Kosovo as the lead story in the late editions of almost all the British newspapers, which carried the usual expressions of European bewilderment over the lack of serious gun control in the United States.
Though he was still thinking about indicting Reagan in late 1992, Walsh never found effective proof that Reagan was lying when he testified that he hadn't known about the diversion of profits to the Contras.
Prudie agrees with the late and witty Mo Udall, who said, in another context, "That condition can be cured only with embalming fluid."
It shouldn't have been a complete surprise when I walked into the elevator in my Washington office building and came upon Dick Morris clutching a book by the late Cardinal Bernardin.
During late aggregation, the initially identical cells differentiate into several prestalk and prespore cell types, sort in specified ways, and form a finger/slug that undergoes transient or prolonged migration depending on the environmental conditions.
Her favorites, the story says, are the glasses belonging to her late mother, apparently because of their almost meditative powers.
The WP and LAT front last night's GOP presidential candidate debate, which also tops the Wall Street Journal front-page news box, but the late metro edition of the NYT stuffs it.
This has a modern ring, but it is older than it looks: in Samuel Butler's Hudibras, from the late 1600s, I find Ralpho .
Critics say the tuneless John Goodman can't measure up to the late Belushi, whose absence "is fatal in itself" (Jack Mathews, the Los Angeles Times ). (Clips are available here.)
Sent by the Egyptian government to study in the United States in the late 1940s, Qutb returned with an enormous loathing of Western society and history.
He didn't speak to reporters from the late '70s till the early '90s.
Thirty years may seem like a long time to someone nursing a grievance since the pitched battles of the late '60s, but in the sweep of history--on the heels of 90 years of Jim Crow and 200 of race slavery--it's nothing.
Major Buddhist temples, profiting from the suppression of Christianity during the 17th century, were established by Chinese Zen monks and designed in the style of the late Ming Dynasty.
And in 1976 Beatty resisted pleas to make a late primary challenge to Jimmy Carter.
In particular, LIFR null mutation remains a neonatal lethal with associated osteopenia and an absence of glial cells in late gestation, as described below.
Like Atta, by the late 1990s Binalshibh was decrying what he perceived to be a "Jewish world conspiracy."
If you walk in summer, early morning or late afternoon is best.
In late September of 1908, the New York Giants and the Chicago Cubs were tied for first place in the National League pennant race with about a week to go in the season.
Q: Does Betty Loren-Maltese think her law should apply to convicted felons like her late husband and to those in organized crime?
But Machover also likes to quote late pianist Glenn Gould, who said that the "best of all possible worlds" is one in which "art would be unnecessary.
By the late 1980s, diminishing oil revenues, the economic drain from many unprofitable development projects, and population growth made these entitlement programs unsustainable.
The book was late (it was due in 1992).
By late 2000, Mihdhar was in Mecca, staying with a cousin until February 2001, when he went home to visit his family before returning to Afghanistan.
Figures 6Band 6Cdemonstrate ERα expression in early and late trophoblast cultures.
In its current sense, it came into use almost as soon as the present contours of campaign law were established, in the late 1970s.
In paragraph three we are told that “the Dare family named the first white baby born in Virginia Virginia, not a conventional name in the late sixteenth century but hardly daring considering the religious association.
Wisdom's long weary journey from the eastCeased when it halted once to take its easeIn some oasis with a book, a vaseOf flowers, a cup of wine, love in a valeOf silken-covered sand, no weathervaneClattering, ostentatious, giving ventTo windy thoughts, yet knowing where it wentThe overgoing of the sad, late west.
Sinatra had been one of the first artists to start his own record label (Reprise, in 1961): This was recognized in the late '70s as proof of his artistic integrity and a kick in the smug face of corporate music.
Loss of neuronal subpopulations integral to suckling need to be explored in the RU486 late gestation pups, but the data suggest that the health of this population is not directly influenced by altered GC response.
Furthermore, in all (including late anaphase) cdc5-1 cells, Cdc14 co-localized with A190, a nucleolar protein (Figure 1, Rows 3 and 6), suggesting that when CDC5 is compromised, most or all Cdc14 fails to vacate the nucleolus in late anaphase.
He came to sculpture late, but the ambition to reshape the world was there from the start, reaching back--as in Kusama's case--to childhood trauma.
Atta returned to Hamburg in late February, and Binalshibh arrived shortly thereafter.
Corridos (ballads) from the Texas-Mexican border originating from the late 1800s until the turn of the century narrate episodes of border conflict in which the antagonist is often a member of the dreaded rinches.
On the cuff and off the cuff are in, with no American provenance mentioned and dated far too late (“since 1920s”): the term arose well before 1900, from the time when men wore (detachable) Celluloid shirtcuffs on which memos were conveniently penciled because they could be wiped off with a damp cloth.
The first flight, out of the Middle East, left late and arrived even later at Heathrow, though not too late to make the connection.
He became particularly friendly with Binalshibh after meeting him at the Quds mosque in Hamburg, which Jarrah began attending regularly in late 1997.
Since the late '50s, however, he has enjoyed the most workmanlike career of any actor in Hollywood.
Spencer came late to sexual maturity, and he tried, after his marriage to the painter Hilda Carline in 1925, to make up for lost time.
But--here's where the in-group stuff kicks in-- Nancy is the late artist Nancy Graves, and the thug is Richard Serra, whom she married in 1965.
In contrast, in the presence of the inhibitors both proteins were readily detected even at late times where they are normally not observed (lanes 1-5).
Such seems to be the curious strategy of the world auto industry in the late 1990s, as it grapples with prices that are actually declining, demand that's stagnant, and production capacity that, against all good sense, just keeps getting bigger.
"More and more young men in their late teens and 20s are exhibiting signs of distress," said Dr. Winston Thurston, a professor of neuropsychiatry at Yale University.
Can we say that Janis Joplin's and Jimi Hendrix's romantic thrift-store eclecticism created the late hippie look, or emerged out of it?
It was something about how this man was in his late teens and his 20s, before the business of daily life crowded out room for taking in new impressions from songs.
Her great granddaughter, Miss Stuart of Allan Bank, married the late Mr. Thomas Coutts's father, and brought him four sons--Peter, John, James, and Thomas.
Actually, he probably would have fit in pretty well with the corporate chieftains of the late 1950s and early 1960s, when there was no foreign and not much domestic competition and the old-boy network was in full effect.
The Hong Kong International Cricket Series, held in late September, brings teams from all over the world.
? If Message in a Bottle is finally about holding onto what's most dear before it's too late, shouldn't we be chucking Costner into the briny and clinging to Newman?
There is an obvious parallel with modern Japan, whose "bubble economy" of the late 1980s burst eight years ago and has never bounced back.
In the late '60s, amphetamine, which increases metabolism, became the rage for dieters.
This mountainous area produced several explorers who would help form the Portuguese empire: From Covilhã came Pêro de Covilhã, who explored India and Ethiopia in the late 15th century, and born in Belmonte was Pedro Álvares Cabral, who discovered Brazil in 1500.
According to his older brother, Hani Hanjour went to Afghanistan for the first time in the late 1980s, as a teenager, to participate in the jihad and, because the Soviets had already withdrawn, worked for a relief agency there.
Intermarriage bans arose in the late 1600s, when tobacco planters in Virginia needed to shore up their new institution of slavery.
Mefloquine was developed by the US Army and introduced for the treatment of malaria in the late 1970s.
The findings provide a counterpoint to reports of crime decline based on comparisons between contemporary rates and those of the late 1980s and early 1990s, when "unusually high levels of violence" prevailed.
By confusing "Whatever" with "Whatsoever," the author of this sign has created a monument to late 20 th -century civic cynicism: the self-mocking sign.
Shorter development time is important in ephemeral aquatic habitats such as temporary ponds and phytotelmata, allowing adults to escape prior to dry down in late spring or early summer [ 29 30 ] . Short time to maturity allows the insects to escape their larval habitat before it dries up, and males that mature before females are ready to mate when females emerge.
George T. Babbitt, head of the Air Force Materiel Command at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio, recently jammed with the Ventures, a band he helped form in the late 1950s.
In the late 1980s, purported connections with the Ku Klux Klan so damaged the reputation of athletic-wear manufacturer Troop (whose name was rumored to be a Ku Klux Klan acronym for "To Rule Over Oppressed People") that it was forced into bankruptcy.
It was during those years in the late '50s, in fact, and not the '60s, that many of us older boomers were first turned on to rock, began following the artists, and--defying parental wishes--began listening clandestinely to the handful of DJs who played rock 'n' roll.
Director Joe Dante is chided for wasting realistic special effects and the voices of Tommy Lee Jones and Ernest Borgnine and for failing to reprise the biting humor of his magnum opus, Gremlins . Critics dwell on the irony of the late Phil Hartman's character getting caught in crossfire.
And, even at this late date, there's plenty of cold-weather gear available.
In the late '80s, for example, the nation was told that 375,000 drug-exposed babies were born each year; Washington policy-makers were immobilized by estimates that tens of billions of dollars were needed to protect these children.
For example: Ibbotson Associates, the finance-statistics firm, has found only one 20-year period, from late 1928 to late 1948, when the rate of return on Treasury bonds exceeded the return on the S&P 500, and that was by a small fraction of one percentage point.
But Indonesia's situation is rather different from Iran in the late 1970s:
In the late 1960s, he published an acclaimed engineering text, Physics and Technology of Semiconductor Devices . (That one just missed getting on the best-seller list.)
In the 1970s and early 1980s, Marxist thinkers were fond of using the phrase "late capitalism" to describe the American economy.
The story was first broken by late editions of yesterday's Washington Post and LAT . ("Today's Papers" was castigated by numerous readers for having poor news judgment, or worse, a pro-Clinton desire to suppress news.
With one exception, all the stories in Flying Home and Other Stories were written before Invisible Man , from the late 1930s to the middle 1940s.
It's hard to convey how much more interesting New York was in the late '70s than it is now.
Unfortunately, Explaining Hitler seems to have gone to the printers too late to take account of a loony new book by the Australian amateur historian Kimberley Cornish, in which the blame for Hitler and the Holocaust falls squarely on Ludwig Wittgenstein, who went to school with Hitler for a year.
Given the movie's period flavor, this means that the modes of the late 1940s and early 1950s are in for a determined revival.
His life story enhances this image of fragile purity: He's a late bloomer who didn't publish a mature work until his 50s and didn't become famous until his 60s.
Too late, too late.
He was mainly known in the Gaidar government for holding no views and taking no actions, which meant he could be sold as the least of all evils to all factions in the bitter political crisis of late 1992.
Another icy chill is between Buckingham Palace and the British tabloid the Sun . There's another British royal wedding next month--of Prince Edward, the Queen's youngest son, to Sophie Rhys-Jones, a PR girl who looks spookily similar to both the late Princess Diana and Jill Dando, the country's most popular TV presenter, who was recently murdered in London.
Adapted from Patricia Highsmith's novel, the film follows Tom Ripley (Matt Damon), a poor loner who usurps the identity of Dickie Greenleaf (Jude Law), a rich playboy loafing around Italy in the late '50s.
Borak was borrowed in the late 1830s and, perhaps because the Dharuk negative baal was already in use, did not last long in its primary sense.
The term Indo-European cropped up first at the beginning of the 19th century; as much of the work was being done in Germany, it is not surprising that the term preferred there was Indo-Germanic , actually a translation of indogermanisch (with a small i because it is an adjective), which arose in the late 1820s; the latter survives in the literature, largely replaced by the former, especially since the discovery that Celtic is a member of the family.
The Taliban leaders put their main emphasis on the year's military offensive against the Northern Alliance, an offensive that ordinarily would begin in the late spring or summer.
Artemisia . A proposed secondary diversification occurred during the Himalayan uplift in the late Tertiary, and resulted in a center of diversity that today harbors 116 species of regional endemics of Artemisia s.s . A more detailed examination of Artemisia s.l.
As stress fiber induction is a relatively early event in virus infection, one might wonder whether it plays an important role in intracellular virus growth, especially in the late phases.
However our research focuses on effects of a sustained cold acclimation period as occurs in late autumn rather than on changes due to transient temperature shifts.
CMV, a herpes virus, causes chronic asymptomatic infections in immunocompetent individuals, termed latency [ 13 ] . However, in situations of immunocompromise, CMV is reactivated, which in many cases leads to organ failure and death [ 13 ] . Epidemiological reports indicate that chronic CMV infections in humans may play an important role in pathogenesis of vascular diseases such as atherosclerosis [ 14 ] and systemic sclerosis [ 11 12 ] . In addition, a recent report [ 15 ] revealed that SSc autoantibodies bind to CMV late protein UL94 and induce apoptosis in endothelial cells therefore implicating molecular mimicry as a potential mechanism accounting for the link between SSc and CMV.
Figures 5shows that trophoblast cultures from normal placentae, characterized by strong Thy-1 expression in the villous core (panel A), exhibit progressive formation of mid-sized (m) and large syncytial aggregates (l) in early (EC, panel B) and late cultures (LC, panel C).
Both ERs showed higher expression in time 0 and early cultures when compared to CV and late trophoblast culture.
With respect to the follicular and luteal development, porcine ovaries were macroscopically classified as follows: Early/mid follicular - medium sized antral follicles (3-5 mm) accompanied by shrinking fibrous corpora lutea of similar size; late follicular - large antral follicles (>5 mm) not accompanied by any luteal tissue; early/ mid luteal - large corpora lutea (~10 mm) characterized by yellowish color; and late luteal - CL of diminishing size (~7 mm) with massive bleeding into the central cavity (bluish color) and no accompanying follicles.
With the overwhelming population explosion that started in the late 1980s came an unspoken demand from the locals for more traditional, off-Strip experiences, thus sparking a growth in local culture and amenities.
This festival in late April or early May is a crowd pleaser.
But stay until after the crowds depart in the late afternoon and early evening.
Until the late 19th century, this marked the eastern edge of Madrid.
In 1323 Amstelredamme became a toll-free port for beer, and once a method of preserving herring had been perfected in the late 14th century, the town also had a product with a high profit margin and began exporting fish around Europe.
However, because the modeling for the Tp, alpha, and alpha/beta is altogether different for early vs late structures and because the transformation between late to early parameters in Equations (1-2) above are nonlinear, the results of the current analysis (and corresponding conclusions) may be completely different from such an early toxicity analysis.
As the two daughter cells continue to separate (denoted the late stage of cytokinesis), GFP-myosin II persists in this zone, which becomes the posterior region of each of the two forming daughter cells (Fig.
The number of abortions among unmarried women grew from roughly 100,000 a year in the late 1960s (compared with some 322,000 out-of-wedlock births) to more than 1.2 million a year (compared with 715,000 out-of-wedlock births) in the early 1980s.
But the critique that follows is icy: We are warned that the poem admits to a sense of being "challenged or even edged aside by history" (it does no such thing), and that the title ("On First Looking Into Chapman's Homer") registers that "Keats felt he had come late to high culture."
The dark joke here, of course, is the late '60s and early '70s, and the social disorder we are alleged to have inherited from that period.
In late January, for example, the allies noticed that Iraq had moved three anti-ship missile launchers toward the Persian Gulf.
How spun was B. Drummond Ayres Jr. of the New York Times on Sunday when he wrote about today's special election in California to fill the House seat of the late George Brown?
As one means of avoiding the statistical problems posed by evaluating late toxicity, analyzing early grade 3/4 toxicity, which has a higher incidence, may allow for greater statistical power in validating the BED-DVH concept.
When it comes to character, he can do hard-working, naive, up-from-the-middle-class associates in their late 20s.
And among Democrats, it isn't considered either surprising or scandalous that the president would nominate as secretary of labor Alexis Herman, the most accomplished swinger through Washington's revolving doors since the death of her mentor, the late Ron Brown.
It was a bit of late Romanticism, which flourished in English literature, then in German cinema, and reached an apogee of acceptance in 1973 in a stylish volume by Angelo Maria Ripellino called, after a phrase by André Breton, Magic Prague . But the mystic interpretation is exactly what Peter Demetz, a professor of German at Yale, wishes to counter in his own Prague in Black and Gold: Scenes From the Life of a European City . Demetz's Prague is the city of the late-16 th century Emperor Rudolf II (a scientific-minded man, though he did go mad at the end) and the 19 th century logician Bernard Bolzano.
With the Sudanese regime acting as intermediary, Bin Ladin himself met with a senior Iraqi intelligence officer in Khartoum in late 1994 or early 1995.
The annual blanket contracts should stipulate discount terms and late payment dates.
In the late 1970s, I worked as a clerk in the medical records department of a large medical clinic.
Although the initial focus of this investigation was the study of late radiation effects on the rectum and bladder, there is no conceptual limitation to the use of the techniques described herein to study early effects of treatment (for acute toxicity assessment) or to study target structures (for outcome/survival analysis) at any anatomic site.
Eitan Haber, an aide to the late Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, wrote in Yediot Aharanot , "If they lay a thousand flowers on your grave, one will be mine.
The Los Angeles Times reports today that a 1991 trip to Asia, made by the then-Chairman of the Democratic National Committee, the late Ron Brown, a trip which has yet to draw the scrutiny of investigators, may have provided the groundwork for the Democrats' foreign fund-raising from Asian special interests.
Primary antibody (100 μg) in 2 ml PBS was incubated 20 min with 500 mg of porcine ovarian homogenate (late follicular phase) at room temperature.
The spatial localization of GFP-MHCK-C is similar to that observed for GFP-myosin II at the late stage of cytokinesis (Fig.
There’s a marvelous view of the lake from its terraced gardens, much visited for the display of camelias, rhododendrons, and azaleas in late April and May.
The woodblock prints of the late 18 th century adopt technicolored effects drawn from many different traditions, including Western perspective--which struck Japanese artists as a tricky and artificial set of rules.
Moreover, the arrest of cdc5-1 , cdc5-2 , cdc5-4 , and cdc5-7 temperature-sensitive mutants in late mitosis was potently suppressed by the TAB6-1 allele (Park et al.
By late 1999, more than a year after the embassy bombings, diplomacy with Pakistan, like the efforts with the Taliban, had, according to Under Secretary of State Thomas Pickering, "borne little fruit."
Hill said that Thomas, as her boss, had persistently pestered her in late 1981 and 1982 to date him and talked dirty to her about pornographic movies and his own sexual prowess.
Thus, the charts were reviewed to identify those patients with significant (RTOG grade 3 or grade 4) late GI (large bowel) or GU (bladder) complications.
This is the late 1960s, abortion is illegal and dangerous, and at the hospitals where Widdicombe works she has seen women bleeding and blue-white with shock in the aftermath of botched abortions--terrified women, dying women.
"It would be a good idea to stop asking when it was unforgivably late, or unforgivably early, to have left the Communist Party," Rorty writes.
Did you know the late Andy Kaufman and do you have a take on this cult of personality that's grown up around him?
When the Service filed its July update, which it could have modified during rebuttal in late August, we were told the net income for FY2001 would be $1.
Moreover, the expression levels of a set of plasmodial protein kinases were previously found to be augmented during the late stages of the malarial erythrocytic life cycle [ 15].
Sorry, I mean "Warn your kids before it's too late, because we don't recommend the other means of detection.
Sears failed with Dean Witter, Citicorp failed in the late 1980s when it tried to expand operations, and Sandy Weill--head of Travelers--failed miserably when Shearson joined with American Express.
According to Kermode, Smith employs a "laborious accumulation of detail" to back up her diagnosis that the late princess "was unpredictable, egocentric, aggressive, insecure, manipulative, paranoid, possessive, easily bored, uneducated and a habitual liar."
--Amusingly named British social scientist J. Mallory Wober assesses his country's reaction to the late Princess Di on her two year deathaversary.
In the late 1980s, she became chair of the American Bar Association's Standing Committee on Lawyers' Public Service Responsibility, the group responsible for the association's position on legal services for the poor.
Gorney's setting is Missouri, which, as a microcosm for the history of abortion and the opposition to it over the last three decades, is an arbitrary choice; she seems to have chosen it mainly because her editors at the Washington Post sent her there in the late 1980s.
The archival cultures were originally stocked beginning in the late 1950s for the purpose of intra- and intergenic mapping.
She asked the governor to appoint an independent counsel to prosecute her own mother when the late Jane Reno was arrested for drunken driving.
Christopher Cox as, albeit fading, still on the table, while the Los Angeles Times snags a late Sunday night interview with Cox in which he says he can't match Livingston's vote count.
One might look ahead a hundred years to imagine the squeaky English pronunciation of the late 21st century, all front vowels, and with a heavy rhythm caused by habitual stressing of the first syllable in words.
The muscle hijackers began arriving in the United States in late April 2001.
Royal wedding intrigue dominates, with the Globe raising the possibility that Prince Edward may be gay--perhaps forgetting that only a week earlier, it had him confessing that he was actually in love with his late sister-in-law, Princess Diana.
Early apoptotic cells stain positive for annexin V and negative for PI, where as late apoptotic cells stain positive for both annexin V and PI [ 44 ] . After staining, osteoblasts were analyzed using FACS (Fig.
During a replicative infection, expression of this protein continues through to the late phase of infection [ 56 ] . One function of the p52 protein is to aid in replication by binding to the viral DNA polymerase.
His jockey in both races, Chris Antley, is coming back from a bout with drug abuse in the late '80s and a weight problem last year.
late 1997.
Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr asked the court to strip this privilege from Vince Foster, the late deputy White House counsel, so Starr can see notes that Foster's attorney took from a conversation with Foster days before the latter's death.
(These arguments could be found on the Wall Street Journal editorial page almost any random day in the late 1980s, although not during the late 1990s.)
In Tivoli itself, overlooking the Roman plain, the Villa d’Este is a 16th-century counterpart, celebrating all the extravagance of the late Renaissance.
From late November through March, the waters of Banderas Bay become the breeding and calving grounds for hundreds of migrating humpback whales, much to the delight of the hundreds of visitors that enjoy witnessing the breaching, spy-hopping, leaps, and other displays of whale behavior.
(Maybe it's not too late to call the book Dow 40,000 .)
Emerson was in his late 20s at the time, a Boston minister still reeling from the loss of his young wife, who had died of tuberculosis 14 months earlier.
Although Cdc5 activity (1) is necessary to free nucleolar Cdc14 in late mitosis, (2) can elicit ectopic release of Cdc14 in pre-anaphase cells when overproduced, (3) regulates the phosphorylation state of Net1 during anaphase, and (4) can disassemble native and recombinant RENT complexes in vitro by phosphorylating Net1, a combination of in vivo and in vitro phosphosite mapping and mutagenesis experiments suggest that Cdc5 mediates exit from mitosis primarily by phosphorylating targets other than Net1.
7. Rumor is he'll show up late, sprawl beneath soft-ice-cream tap, and suck it down until he passes out
My memory is rickety, but I am sure my first recording was labeled MUSKRAT RAMBLE, and I think, though I am less sure, that it was played by the late “Muggsy” Spanier, who was, to my mind, one of the greatest of jazz trumpeters.
The result is a fairly schematic narrative: The young hothead of the early Celtic Revivalist years produces lovely impracticalities until 1914, when Ireland explodes; he learns about reality, becomes a great poet of civil war, and a modernist to boot; after 1925, or thereabouts, he becomes one of those "monuments of unageing intellect" about whom he writes in "Sailing to Byzantium"--the splendid complainer of the late verse.
Between the late 1970s and the late 1990s, for example, the top fifth saw its average real income rise by about 35 percent, while the fourth fifth (closest to the top) saw real income rise 13 percent, and the middle fifth saw real income rise just 7 percent.
For example, if a viral gene product has essential roles both early and late in infection, its mutational inactivation will fail to reveal the late function, since the mutant virus will never proceed beyond the early stage.
In late 1991 or 1992, discussions in Sudan between al Qaeda and Iranian operatives led to an informal agreement to cooperate in providing support-even if only training-for actions carried out primarily against Israel and the United States.
By using a retrospective-prospective longitudinal study design we were able to track BMI, glucose and lipid profiles from late childhood and adolescent ages to adulthood in a white Caucasian populations.
Trophoblast cells from normal placentae cultured in PhR+ medium formed mid-sized syncytial clusters in early cultures and large syncytial clusters in late cultures (l, Fig.
A Mexican tradition of the late nineteenth century was the publication of a poetic broadside that was called a calavera.
Defensive ends deliver late hits.
The escalating violence in the Russian province of Dagestan--where late last week Islamic militants from across the Chechen border seized several villages and declared Dagestan an independent Islamic state--was described by the St. Petersburg Times as "the other crisis."
Le Figaro of Paris fronted an interview with the new king of Jordan, Abdullah II, on the day he was beginning a state visit to France originally planned for his late father, King Hussein.
Some Mexican-Americans refer to themselves as "Chicanos ," a pejorative term from the 1920s for lower-class Mexican immigrants that was embraced in the late 1960s and early 1970s by Mexican-Americans seeking a new political identity.
Hoped-for economic revival after the Asian economic crisis in the late 1990s is also likely to set the stage for further progress, in a country well-placed for their being able to enjoy the good life.
Samples were collected in the late afternoon.
The night goes late — very late — in Madrid, and there’s not a day of the week that the streets aren’t flooded by hordes of after-hours diners and bar-hoppers.
I agree that it's absurd to make some sharp delineation between generations in the late 1950s and early '60s.
Rio Grande blankets from the late nineteenth century incorporated many of the Saltillo sarape motifs.
The whole portrait is a celebration of hair--facial, nasal, chest, eyebrow, head--the freak flag, as David Crosby called it, of the late '60s.
This late sensory neuron loss is likely not related to known neurotrophin signaling which becomes reduced in neonatal wildtype animals.
In the late 1960s Chicanos starting calling the southwestern United States, or that portion of Mexico lost to the United States during the U.S.-Mexican War of 1846–1848, Aztlán, in reference to the legend of the wandering Mexica.
But government was in the hands of the late king’s cultured, libertine, and atheist brother, Philippe d’Orléans.
Sanchez, the Indigenous Project's tri-lingual employee, said the number of Mixtecs has grown considerably since he arrived in Oregon in the late 1990s.
In the floor you’ll find the tomb of an Irish colonel, Hugh Beatty, a soldier of fortune who commanded the Lagos regiment of the Portuguese army in the late 18th century, and who must have been held in very high esteem to have been awarded such a prestigious final resting place.
The late appearance of ofay in print (1925) casts doubt on its African origin.
In a pristine setting of great natural beauty, this pre-planned FONATUR development rose to glory in the late 1960s.
I always feel as though I'm starting way too late, and I'll never be able to pull it off, and that this will be the story that finally exposes me for the fraud that I really am.
To Ms. Flanders' brief list of Foreign Treasures [XXIII,1] I would like to add one of my late father's French favorites, La moutarde m'est montée en nez , I lost my temper (lit. the mustard ascended into my nose).
Where other resorts in Mexico have been accused of being homogenized to meet the tastes of North American travelers, Acapulco remains true to her essence, from the cacophony of families filling colorful, public sands, to the classically late nights in glitzy clubs.
Of course I know you know that designs on plates with chocolate syrup are very late '80s.
In the mid and late 19 th centuries, when states wrote their criminal codes, they incorporated these sex laws.
The introduction defends the concept of ranking (it cuts through late 20 th -century "data smog," and besides other magazines do it too).
--Adam Smith, in a letter to a friend who, after the battle of Saratoga, was lamenting that the revolt of the colonies was going to ruin Britain, late 18 th century
To combat these enzymes, β-lactamase inhibitors such as clavulanic acid, sulbactam, and tazobactam have been given in combination with a β-lactam containing antibiotic to treat bacterial infections [ 52 ] . One class of β-lactamases that are particularly unaffected by the known β-lactamase inhibitors and have been shown to hydrolyze almost all known β-lactam containing antibiotics including late generation carbapenems at high rates are the metallo-β-lactamases [ 14 15 16 17 18 19 ] . Although there are no reports of metallo-β-lactamases isolated from major pathogens [ 51 53 ] , these enzymes are produced by pathogens such as B. fragilis, S. maltophilia, and P. aeruginosa.
In late 1999, the National Security Agency (NSA) analyzed communications associated with a suspected terrorist facility in the Middle East, indicating that several members of "an operational cadre" were planning to travel to Kuala Lumpur in early January 2000.
A Madeira with sandy beaches and direct flights from Great Britain and other points in Europe (and beginning in late 2000, North America) would surely not have been capable of staving off the mass-tourist market as it has thus far.
Scholars will investigate a range of subjects including techno music and globalization, avarice in the late middle ages and Renaissance, and African-Americans and foreign affairs.
But what we should start hearing about more and more is our own "late bull market," which seems somehow simultaneously frothy and exhausted.
Cells also were treated with mimosine (in DMSO), which blocks cells in late G1 immediately before entry into S phase [ 48 ] . Mimosine also prolongs some cell types in the S phase itself [ 48 ] . GHFT1-5 cells grow with an average doubling time of approximately 18 to 24 hours.
In late August, the Moussaoui arrest was briefed to the DCI and other top CIA officials under the heading "Islamic Extremist Learns to Fly."
Therefore, these data indicate that the methylation of CDH1 gene is a late event in the development of CC.
By contrast, Cdc14 was released from the nucleolus in the great majority of wild type cells by late anaphase.
There I was, late one night in the Microsoft software factory, furiously exterminating some of the skankier bugs from my areas of Outlook 97, our e-mail program.
CV and T:0) and high expression persists in late cultures (LC).
It's never too late to mend , overheard the other day--is that a combination of It's never too late to learn and First ended, soonest mended?
"A Visit to Camelot," by the late literary critic Diana Trilling, describes a 1962 White House dinner for Nobel Prize winners.
In 1971 the late Russian paremiologist, G. Permiakov, tried to establish a proverb minimum, and he found that every Russian adult knew more than 800 proverbs and sayings.
The second fifth saw its real income actually drop since the late 1980s, while the poorest fifth saw its income stay relatively steady.
But on the whole, I think he was a positive force in the way he reduced the rancor and disillusionment that had grown so corrosive in the late '60s and '70s.
The PhR-/E2+ medium was prepared as previously described [ 37 ] . Samples were harvested at time 0 (just after separation of cells), and from the early (16-24 h) and late cultures (72-96 h).
It seems to me that, as of late, one can hide from fallout by stating, early on, "I accept personal responsibility."
5 A new generation of wet FGD systems, pioneered in the mid to late 1990's, improved mass transfer, which resulted in the usage of more compact absorbers that are estimated to require 50 percent less material, compared to an older generation of wet FGD systems.
Some of Hanjour's known Arizona associates from the time of his flight training in the late 1990s have also raised suspicion.
4 y, or late: ≥ 13.
The whole idea comes from the OPEN sign phenomenon where one might be rushing to the store just before closing time, or maybe during imagined weekend hours, only to find, upon arrival, that one is too late or too early.
Viewed from Asia, much criticism now leveled by American Christian activists seems less a snapshot of China in the late 1990s than a caricature drawn from the high days of Maoism a generation ago.
Sometimes she becomes visible to the wayward husband who is out late, drinking, and when he approaches her, she turns into an ugly horse-faced hag, scaring him into swearing abstinence forever.
However, late PT1 culture (PT1 LC) showed significantly lower ERα vs. both PT4 cultures (P < 0.05).
Sofukuji temple (1629) is a handsome example of late Ming Dynasty architecture, with its striking vermilion-painted, stone-arched tower gate.
You see on 'My Amtrak' (sort of like Bill Cosby's 'My Philadelphia'), if it's 'only' 35 minutes late, hey, we're making good time, baby!"
But the column also reports that a recent "Biography" broadcast on the late pro wrestler Andre the Giant did more than twice as well.
A children's book was recently published in France based on excerpts from the works of the even trendier and more arcane Gilles Deleuze, the late French philosopher and celebrated author of Anti-Oedipus . The author is Jacqueline Duhême, a former model for Henri Matisse and pal of Paul Eluard, Pablo Picasso, and Raymond Queneau.
As of late 1999, the casinos and many of the hotels were being given a facelift and three of the larger hotels on the waterfront were being reconfigured into a single complex.
The NYT lead reports that two prominent political prisoners were released late Monday night, one a labor leader jailed for inciting a riot, and the other a former legislator jailed for insulting Suharto.
a link with its last heroic--indeed, its last sincere--grand style" (Peter Plagens, Newsweek ). Critics also seize the opportunity to weigh in again on de Kooning's late work, currently on exhibit at the Museum of Modern Art.
Forty years late, Touch of Evil has arrived, and it's all of a piece.
7-B) was observed to be concentrated in the furrow region during any stage of cytokinesis; nor did they localize to the posterior region of the two daughter cells at the late stage of cytokinesis.
Two of the very late self-portraits have the wartime blackout curtains pulled aside, as though Bonnard is exposed in more ways than one.
By the late '50s, "Chanukah's accoutrements had grown to include paper decorations, greeting cards, napkins, wrapping paper, ribbons, chocolates, games and phonograph records."
Partnership with Latvia YMCA - A delegation of three staff members and one volunteer from the YMCA of Greater Indianapolis traveled to Latvia in late April to provide additional training to their staff and volunteers in baseball skills and camp management.
Today this houses the Museum of Commerce and Catering (Kereskedelmi és Vendéglátóipari Múzeum) — nowhere near as grand (nor as boring) as its name suggests — dealing with confectionery in one section and Hungarian trade in the late 19th and early 20th century in another.
Using conservative guidelines, an analysis done in the late 1970s concluded that about 12,000 offices should be closed.
In late March, several schools, including George Washington University, Howard University, and Georgetown University, were said to be entertaining the proposal--as was Barry.
Six cases of late grade 3/4 GI toxicity represent approximately 3% of the study population - this low incidence also applies to the six cases of late grade 3/4 GU toxicity.
The expression characteristics revealed are also consistent with several previous studies that suggested that the plasmodial transcription and translation machinery is active through the late ring and early trophozoite stage before decaying during the late schizont stage [ 15, 40].
Besides, the late night at the hotel bar is used to lay the groundwork to get good dish later.
Some late cultures derived from PT2 types showed a mixture of well developed syncytia and persisting mononucleated trophoblast cells with ERα immunoreactivity.
Wild type cells with short spindles were in pre-anaphase and showed focal nucleolar Cdc14 staining, and those with elongated mitotic spindles were in late anaphase and showed diffused Cdc14 staining (Figure 1, Rows 1 and 4; [ 8 9 ] ). In contrast, cdc5-1 cells uniformly exhibited focal Cdc14 staining whether they were grown exponentially at permissive temperature (25°C) or arrested in late mitosis at nonpermissive temperature (33°C) (Figure 1, Rows 2 and 5).
In the late 1970s Hong Kong became the conduit for China’s goods, investment, and tourism.
Songs that I hoped never to hear again--"Hold Your Head Up," "Take It Easy," "Band on the Run," "Free Bird"--sound, in context, startlingly fresh, and Dunph's brown corduroy jacket looks like the one I persisted in wearing into the late '80s when a girlfriend finally took the initiative to drop it down a garbage chute.
The glorious baroque façade and asymmetrical belltowers of the late 18th-century cathedral are only marginally the square’s top attraction.
These results show that late pre-osteoclasts are capable of signaling via JAK-STAT1, and suggest that signaling events distal to TRAF6 and STAT1 modulate the resistance of these cells to IFN-γ.
4 y) or late (age ≥ 13.
Other prolific writers such as Henry James and Mark Twain usually get their stuff sorted into early period and late period and released in dribbles.
In light of Besharov's criticisms, it is noteworthy that he participated in the Conference of Experts convened in late 1991 by the National Center on Child Abuse and Neglect (the NIS-3 sponsor) specifically to refine the NIS-3 design.
Meanwhile, his predecessor Fabián Alarcón appears to have created a border crisis by sending Ecuadorian troops into Peruvian territory late last week.
Under conditions favoring proliferation, the phosphorylation of pRB via cyclin-dependent kinases (CDKs) in mid-to-late G 1 phase results in liberation of E2F and other pRB-bound transcription factors, which then activate the transcription of S-phase genes [ 19 ] . In late M phase, pRB returns to its growth suppressive, hypophosphorylated form due to the action of a pRB-directed protein phosphatase belonging to the type 1 class of serine/threonine protein phosphatases [ 11 20 21 ] .
By late May 2000, two operatives assigned to the planes operation were already in the United States.
The simple shapes and lines were being offered rather as extensions of late 18 th century neoclassicism, as new bearers of old values.
Probably not, for the simple reason that before the "welfare explosion" of the late 1960s, many poor blacks were blocked or discouraged from receiving welfare.
However, in porcine preovulatory ovaries (late follicular phase), which contain numerous preovulatory follicles but no luteal tissue, very strong LHR immunoreactivity was also detected (lane 3, Fig.
in the late 40s I think it was).
The HJC approved 3 articles of impeachment late Friday afternoon by votes of 21-16, 20-17, and 21-16.
Many will recognize that Phil (1969) is the composer Philip Glass; or that Roy II (1994), in a rare Closean profile to show off the ponytail, is the late Roy Lichtenstein.
There was also granular cytoplasmic expression in endometrial stromal cells (s), precursors of decidual cells, and similar granular staining was observed in smooth muscle cells of late follicular phase myometrium (data not shown).
In a political sense, closure , now most commonly invoked in its Gallic variant, cloture , refers to the ending of debate in a legislative body and dates back to the late 19 th century.
2%) were found to have late grade 3 rectal toxicity and 6 patients (3.
In late spring, the streets are carpeted with flowers for the procession of Corpus Christi.
The expression characteristics revealed are also consistent with several previous studies that suggested that the plasmodial transcription and translation machinery is active through the late ring and early trophozoite stage before decaying during the late schizont stage [ 15, 40].
What makes a late abortion disturbing is that the fetus is big now--like a fully formed child.
That's quite a legacy for the late princess.
Mapplethorpe's photographs seem to Fiss to qualify under these guidelines, since, he says, "in the late 1980s the AIDS crisis confronted America in the starkest fashion and provoked urgent questions regarding the scope and direction of publicly funded medical research.
To provide an answer to my own question--"Why now" does the "great disruption" seem to be receding?--I would suggest that society in broad terms came to an understanding in the late 1980s that we had largely lost control of a relatively large number of youths and public spaces.
Mehta's writerly persona, a disarming mixture of the feline and the naive, is perfect for relating the little scandals that worried The New Yorker in the late '70s (plagiarism, frozen turbot), the drama of finding a worthy candidate to succeed the aging Shawn as editor, the purchase of the magazine by the evil Si Newhouse ("We all took fright") and the resultant plague of Gottliebs and Florios visited upon it, and what he sees as the final debacle: Tinaji.
We used a tem1Δ::GAL1-UPL-TEM1 strain that allowed for conditional depletion of Tem1 [ 15 ] to impose a conditional late mitotic block, and introduced the tab3-1 mutation into this background.
They close late, too, around 4am or even later.
The late teens went to "Looking Back," which was expanded into a book.
In one of thousands of articles about O. J. Simpson, in The New York Times Judge Ito was quoted as saying, in response to a request that the trial date be moved ahead, that [I]t was too late to move the date back.
The late Sunday movement in the Iraq crisis is everybody's lead.
We have found no evidence that the Hamburg cell members (Atta, Shehhi, Jarrah, and Binalshibh) received funds from al Qaeda before late 1999.
He said the McCain surge needed to be held back, lest it crest too early--which could have the effect of making Bush the Republican nominee by late February.
Anlagen for most organs can be distinguished at the late cellular blastoderm or gastrula stage (stages 5-9).
Because they feel worthless, they punish themselves by coming in too early to the office and staying too late, whether they need to or not.
The confusion caused by such differently or wrongly placed emphasis in a phrase is likely to be short-lived and on a level with unfamiliar prounciations such as congratul at ory, con jure , con temp late, disci plin ary, la bor at'ry, and vag ar y.
According to "top university reindeer expert" Maria Berg, male reindeer have already shed their antlers by late December, meaning that the nine antler-topped reindeer traditionally seen with Santa on Christmas Eve must be female.
Quantitative evaluation of ERα and ERβ immunoreactivity in late tissue cultures is shown in Fig.
It was late, he was tired, but he began to write quickly: "Much have I travell'd in the realms of gold ..."
There is the case of Victor Hugo, a poet of long ago--born in France in 1802, died in 1885--who in recent years has somehow risen ghostily from his grandiose patriot's tomb in the Pantheon to become, in our late 20 th century, the poet of the hour, so far as music goes.
Art --"Willem de Kooning: The Late Paintings, the 1980s";
And, says the Times , citing U.S. intelligence, drug flights into Mexico ceased in late 1995, shortly that is, after the start of the vexed program--with smugglers putting their loads on container ships instead.
One is the notion the late Lee Atwater called "the big tent."
And among the people most annoyed by the company's late announcement are those same analysts.
Ashcroft was told that preparations for multiple attacks were in late stages or already complete and that little additional warning could be expected.
I think of my late lamented friend Boris Shub, son of the Menshevik historian David Shub, who had set up RIAS (the radio station in the American sector) in Berlin in 1945, a major cold war propaganda asset.
By the late 1980s, the Egyptian Islamist movement-badly battered in the government crackdown following President Sadat's assassination-was centered in two major organizations: the Islamic Group and the Egyptian Islamic Jihad.
too late, oh better to never to have never put forward.
The students, affiliated with the United Auto Workers union, have had some success: The California Public Employment Relations Board ruled late last year in favor of their right to organize.
The late Isaiah Berlin, in a famous assessment, classified people according to whether they were hedgehogs (those who know one big thing) or foxes (people who know many little things).
Crown Prince Abdullah told President Clinton and Vice President Gore about this when he visited Washington in late September.
There’s also a sense of patriotism and national pride here even among the young — perhaps brought about by political upheavals in the late 20th century.
Cells were grown and used at late log phase or at 80-90% confluency.
It happened in the late 1960s, when state and local officials embarked on a campaign to encourage welfare and food-stamp use--to remove stigma and boost "participation rates."
In late 1999, a great deal of discussion took place in the media about the crash off the coast of Massachusetts of EgyptAir Flight 990, a Boeing 767.
Moreover, all of the neurotrophin/neurotrophin receptor null mutants studied to date eliminate expression in both the peripheral target and the brain simultaneously and achieve their effects in late embryos.
Because the AUC and V60 are dosimetric endpoints used routinely for the evaluation of radiation treatment plans, this analysis suggests that BED-DVH's for the rectum and bladder correlate better with late toxicity than C-DVH's and should be considered when attempting to minimize late GI and GU toxicity after radiotherapy for prostate cancer.
[ 19 20 ] HIVAN is generally a late manifestation of HIV infection.
In a bizarre late painting called (ca.
In the late '60s, Philbin spent three years as Joey Bishop's sidekick on another doomed late-night show.
The northernmost — Kitchener Island — was given as a gift to the British general of the same name after his victories in the Sudan in the late 19th century.
Many readers will recall with pleasure Leo Rosten's THE EDUCATION OF H*Y*M*A*N K*A*P*L*A*N , which appeared in the late 1930s and early 40s and which dealt with the amusing difficulties of a Jewish immigrant from the Russian Pale of Settlement in coping with what we now call “English as a second language.”
The resulting confusion led to 34 injuries, four of them classified as serious, and the complete destruction of the aircraft by fire, for Air Cal 336 landed with its landing gear retracted, the Captain having finally decided to follow instructions to go around, but too late to do so.
But political education has become alarmingly sophisticated since the late '80s, when Newt Gingrich's GOPAC began mailing tens of thousands of strategy tapes to Republican activists.
However, one must remember that The New York Times is read in New York, which has a sizable jewish population, and these three examples are probably known and used by most New Yorkers (even gentiles, such as the late authour and raconteur Alexander King, one of my all-time favorites and a regular on the old Jack Paar Show, who used them regularly in speech as well as in writing).
This particular brand of sexual doublespeak has been remarked upon before, most famously by the late French historian Michel Foucault, who, in his History of Sexuality (published in English in 1978), put forth his unexpected "repressive hypothesis": Those supposedly tight-lipped Victorians, in the course of devising rules to regulate sex and the sciences that investigate its perversions, in fact talked and wrote more about sex than anyone before them.
As for Clinton, it's not too late to quit--dash off that letter to Albright now, for Chrissake!
Medium was used in England in the late 18th century with respect to newspapers, and media may have had some use in that sense during the 19th century.
There were apparently no accidents, happy or unhappy, on a late Kubrick movie--no messy intrusions of life, no funk.
Between the late 1970s and the late 1990s, for example, the top fifth saw its average real income rise by about 35 percent, while the fourth fifth (closest to the top) saw real income rise 13 percent, and the middle fifth saw real income rise just 7 percent.
According to KSM, in late August, when the operation was fully planned, Bin Ladin formally notified the al Qaeda Shura Council that a major attack against the United States would take place in the coming weeks.
The working assumption at many companies, the paper says, is "if you don't have children, you don't have a life and are available to stay late and take the business trips from hell."
Bush's fans, is that he's a late bloomer.
However, because the modeling for the Tp, alpha, and alpha/beta is altogether different for early vs late structures and because the transformation between late to early parameters in Equations (1-2) above are nonlinear, the results of the current analysis (and corresponding conclusions) may be completely different from such an early toxicity analysis.
LATE LEADS-MIHDHAR, MOUSSAOUI, AND KSM
Bin Ladin, apparently at Atef 's urging, finally decided to give KSM the green light for the 9/11 operation sometime in late 1998 or early 1999.
The Summer Palace remains as visible testimony to the extravagance of the late Qing Dynasty at the expense of China’s freedom and prosperity at the beginning of the 20th century.
The Daily Nation of Nairobi, Kenya, published a reader's letter saying that President Clinton's apology for slavery was "too late" and "only rubs salt into wounds."
The seeds of paranoia that were planted in the hothouse of the late '60s and early '70s germinated, and in the cynical, offhand conspiracism of the '90s, we reap their fruit.
In addition, we found that the inverse relation of menarcheal age to adult obesity was nonlinear, with differences in adult levels of BMI and skinfold thicknesses most evident between subjects with an early (<12 y) menarche and those who had either an intermediate or relatively late menarche.
For example: Ibbotson Associates, the finance-statistics firm, has found only one 20-year period, from late 1928 to late 1948, when the rate of return on Treasury bonds exceeded the return on the S&P 500, and that was by a small fraction of one percentage point.
But tariff-loving senators killed the WTO in the late 1940s.
The Berliner Philharmoniker, housed in the Philharmonie (see page 40), achieved glory under the late Herbert von Karajan.
After U.S. troops deployed to Somalia in late 1992, al Qaeda leaders formulated a fatwa demanding their eviction.
According to the publication, just months after the skiing accident death of her husband, Sonny, she tossed "piles of irreplaceable mementos" of the late singer-congressman into the dumpster, where they were retrieved by one of his former restaurant employees.
Sorry to get such a late start today.
A UPS driver and the son of a UPS driver, Carey was first elected chief of the Queens, N.Y., UPS local in the late '60s, and he has run it cleanly since then.
Occupying the former quarters of the Antikenmuseum, the Sammlung Berggruen is named after the Berlin-born art lover, Heinz Berggruen, whose outstanding collection of late 19th- and early 20th-century art, including works by Picasso and other, more recent, modernists is displayed here.
The president's personal aide (a man in his late 20s) takes the room adjoining the president's.
But it was in the late 1960s and 1970s that there was a revival in the formal organization of elaborate performances by large dance groups, many made up of young children and teenagers.
From Providence, R.I., Sergei Khrushchev, son of the late Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev, told the Moscow Times that he is "scared" by the transfer of power from Yeltsin to Putin.
Posner's explanation for his change in perspective is disappointingly conventional: He says he was put off by the picketing, sit-ins, and violence he witnessed at Stanford while teaching there in the late '60s.
’ was written by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller and made famous in a late '60s recording by Peggy Lee.
The bad news: 1) Fewer than 10 percent of people take the vaccine; 2) it may be too late to get vaccinated this season; and 3) people usually react too slowly to flu symptoms for the new medications to be effective.
Art --"Willem de Kooning: The Late Paintings, the 1980s";
So familiar is the phenomenon that it was capitalized on in the late 1980s by the small community of Dartmouth in Devon to raise money for the town's swimming pool.
The petition cites as the main precedent for such an investigation Donald Barlett and James Steele's Philadelphia Inquirer investigation of Laura Foreman in the late 1970s.
When this word was first used in the late 16th and early 17th centuries, it meant unconcerned, lacking interest, apathetic, uninterested--the very senses it has been struggling to return to in this century, against great opposition.
Both the WP and LAT stress that many serious skiing accidents occur in the late afternoon, with the LAT observing that Kennedy was killed at 4:15 PM, Bono at 4:30 PM.
By comparison, this is a significant increase in the reserve margin since it dipped below 10 percent in the late 1990's.
Henry Mitchell, the late, great, and I think, conservative garden writer (he smoked cigarettes in his garden, an act incomprehensible to liberals), poked fun at those who think they garden in "a natural way."
The annual opening ceremonies and the regular sessions are open to visitors, who can sit in the public gallery to watch the robed and white-wigged Speaker preside over the legislative deliberations (the Assembly meets on Fridays from late October until early July).
3. Also from the late Houston Post , as a practical guide to usage in stories: An African-American is any black with a college degree who isn't in jail or under indictment.
Episodes of rejection were not restricted to those occurring in the first year, in contrast to studies of allograft function, since there is no evidence that late (vs.
We visit the much-hyped Bellagio too late to actually see its collection of modern art, or its supposedly sensational water show "O."
Fred Barnes and Susan Page ( Late Edition ) declare that impeachment proceedings occurring after the November elections are less likely to unseat Clinton, while George Stephanopoulos ( This Week ) insists that a late start will permit the Republicans to "go full bore" without fear of offending short-memoried voters with their partisanship.
This collection does contain some staggering portrait studies from the late 1940s by Karl Heinz Mai of women who seem to have been emptied of everything but their outlines--some of them were in fact taken as ID-card photos.
Tradition, for that matter, coexisted with experimentation, so that it is not always immediately obvious which is which--you might not realize from listening that Blind Lemon Jefferson was an innovator who transformed the blues and influenced every subsequent artist in the genre, or that the shape-note singing of the Sacred Harp choirs represents a late vestige of a style that may have reached its acme of prevalence around the time of the American Revolution.
This old exclamation, probably dating centuries back, had a sudden vogue in the late eighties and early nineties when the sports fraternity latched on to it and spread it everywhere through radio and television.
In mid-November, we believe, three of the future muscle hijackers, Wail al Shehri, Waleed al Shehri, and Ahmed al Nami, all of whom had obtained their U.S. visas in late October, traveled in a group from Saudi Arabia to Beirut and then onward to Iran.
Katha, Sorry to be late up.
So, if the city of Seattle wants to so much as boost late fees on library books, it has to ask the voters.
The moderating effect of the Gulf Stream produces a fresh springtime breeze throughout winter, and in late January and February, white almond blossoms blanket the fields.
By the late '60s, Kusama had turned from these ambiguous engagements with the male gaze to more attention grabbing performances.
Among genes that are stimulated by FSH/cAMP during the period of maturation of Sertoli cells (15 to 20 days of age in rats), are several subunits of cAMP-dependent protein kinase (PKA), the serine/threonine kinase mainly responsible for the downstream effects of FSH [ 15 ] . Expression of the RIIβ regulatory subunit of cAMP-dependent protein kinase is highly induced (50-fold) at the mRNA level in primary cultures of rat Sertoli cells as a late response to cAMP peaking at 12 hours [ 16 ] . We have demonstrated that expression of CAAT/Enhancer binding protein β (C/EBPβ) is induced by cAMP with rapid kinetics in Sertoli cells, and that C/EBPβ is responsible for induction of late response genes like the RIIβ-gene [ 17 ] . The RIIβ promoter contains a conserved E-box/HLH element in the basal promoter localized at -280 to -275 relative to the functional ATG [ 18 ] . This element is shown to be important for cAMP-responsiveness in granulosa cells, and it has been shown to bind both USF and Myc in CHO and NB2a cells [ 18 19 ] . In this work, we show that USF isoforms may regulate cAMP responsiveness of the RIIβ promoter by modulating the effect of C/EBP, and that the formation of USF isoforms may be regulated by cAMP in Sertoli cells.
Reports began arriving late this year and are being reviewed; LSC responses will be sent in early 2002.
There is considerable evidence to suggest that, at late stages in tumorigenesis, TGF-βs can actually promote the tumorigenic process, particularly if the epithelial cells have lost responsiveness to the growth inhibitory effects of TGF-β by this time [ 9].
Not only do the poems look better in the Collected Poems (which, to be sure, omits great ones early and late); they are also unencumbered by comparison with the "uncollected poems," which include a lot of mystifying mediocrity.
These late scenes are over the top, as mean and reductive as editorials in a tabloid, and they nearly extinguish the moral subtlety of what's gone before.
Emperors, excepting the period from the late 19 th century to the end of World War II, have yielded little if any power in Japanese society.
My framework also includes Rolling Stone from that era, the Voice in the '60s and early '70s, Spy in the late '80s.
West of Alexandria, civilization gives way to empty desert except along the coast, where the late 1990s saw a building boom.
In the summer of 1989, apparently responding to my endless lamentations about late payments, AP started paying me ahead of time, i.e., a few days before the first of the month.
Although anecdotal, it would appear the RU486 exposed wildtype animal cleared residual late gestation corticosterone following birth more effectively than did the Lifr -/- littermate.
President Clinton made an eleventh-hour attempt to head all this off with a phone call to Sharif late Wednesday.
You can simply enjoy strolling along the narrow streets with a pretty view on each corner before you head back to Athens on the late hydrofoil.
When she sucks on her pipe and stares at the gun cabinet and upbraids her late husband for leaving her behind, Altman clearly wants her to take all the time in the world.
Just outside the old quarter is the Igreja de São Francisco (Church of the Third Order of St. Francis), begun in the late 17th century.
("Picasso was born in 1881," notes James Fenton in the New York Review of Books . "To accuse a man of cowardice for not having joined up in 1939 when he was in his late fifties strikes me as a complete novelty, and it would have been a novelty to those Allied soldiers who, on the liberation of Paris, flocked to Picasso's studio as a place of pilgrimage."
Frequent use of TURP for benign prostatic hyperplasia in the 1970s and 1980s and the rapid introduction and widespread adoption of PSA screening beginning in the late 1980s, tapped an extensive pool of latent and preclinical prostate disease [ 40 41 ] . Consistent with another study, we found that in the mid 1980s up to 50% or more of all prostate cancer cases were incidentally detected through TURPs [ 41 ] . However, as medications with few side effects became available to treat benign prostatic hypterplasia and PSA screening became widely adopted, TURP-detected cases declined from their peak in 1987 through 1993 [ 41 ] . Our results showed a similar decline in the TURP-detected prostate cancer incidence rates, followed by a leveling off between 1994 and 1999, for both LDS and nonLDS cases in Utah.
While sympathy is the most important word to have been murdered in the late 20th century, we were also given the sad, so-called facts surrounding the recent demise of discrimination and disinterested.
People with the predatory instincts that led Picasso to become an artist in late 19 th century Spain become takeover specialists or basketball players or filmmakers in our culture.
And according to the Star , the late director Stanley Kubrick had to hire "sex therapists" in order to show Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman how to make love on camera for the film Eyes Wide Shut . According to an "insider" on the set of the sexually explicit movie, the real-life couple was "totally unconvincing as lovers ...
Thus far no data are available that correlate the late onset of hearing loss with morphological defects in the cochlea.
On March 21, for example, I visited SportsZone to learn who won the UCLA-Iowa State round-of-16 game, which had ended too late to make the morning paper.
Try to be there in late afternoon when a handful of resident monks chant timeless Gregorian vespers.
Transcription has been postulated to play an important role in triggering exit from mitosis [ 20 ] . For example, Dbf2, a protein kinase that promotes exit from mitosis, is associated with the CCR4 transcription regulatory complex [ 21 ] . In addition, the Swi5 transcription factor activates SIC1 expression during late anaphase, and both sic1Δ and swi5Δ are synthetically lethal with
As an initial analysis, we compared thymocyte proliferation between thymocytes from late fetal (E17.
The dynamics of MHCK-C localization are particularly intriguing, with global or posterior cortical enrichment observed during interphase, with a dramatic accumulation in the furrow during late cytokinesis.
In the '60s, some boosters said that folk-rock had taken pop away from late '50s commercial songwriters ( Carole King , Neil Diamond, Phil Spector, Neil Sedaka, et al.)
They encode the GTP-binding protein Tem1 and its putative guanine nucleotide releasing factor Lte1, the dual specificity protein phosphatase Cdc14, protein kinases Cdc5, Cdc15, and Dbf2/Dbf20, the Dbf2-binding protein Mob1 (reviewed in [ 4 ] ) and the spindle-pole-body component Nud1 [ 5 ] . Conditional-lethal temperature sensitive (ts) mutations in any of the MEN genes cause cells to arrest in late mitosis with elevated mitotic Cdk activity when shifted to the restrictive temperature.
Well, no, Daniel concedes, since Degas continued to mourn Marguerite (who died in late October 1895), and other close companions died during the years immediately following.
Even today's twenty-somethings, still hot on the club scene with their flamboyant teen slang from the late eighties, find it hard to keep up with the latest waves.
KSM acknowledges formally joining al Qaeda, in late 1998 or 1999, and states that soon afterward, Bin Ladin also made the decision to support his proposal to attack the United States using commercial airplanes as weapons.
Since the late '70s, however, Stoppard has shown intermittent dissatisfaction with the kind of intellectual jeux d'esprit that made his name and has committed himself to a more ambitious theater of ideas.
Such equipment procurement may proceed in parallel with construction phase activities, so that the owner ultimately is able to furnish longleadtime equipment to the construction contractor in a timely manner, thus avoiding construction delays attributable to late equipment delivery.
In late August, Kennedy announced for the U.S.
But the New York Times front cites two sources saying that Lewinsky met privately with Clinton at the White House late last month.
The ability to retrofit a large number of SCR systems over a short period of time was exemplified in Germany during the late 1980s.
8summarizes the data on the extent of syncytium formation in late trophoblast cultures from three NP and three AP studied.
Then I dropped off the last pages at Random House and rushed off to Penn Station to catch the late train to Albany, an hour from my farmhouse in the country.
The nation, headquartered in Chicago, grew rapidly during the late '50s and early '60s thanks largely to proselytizing by Malcolm X. Temples appeared in major U.S. cities, drawing mainly the young and the poor.
The healthy diversity of feminist life was killed off by two things: 1) In the late 1970s, after the Equal Rights Amendment failed to pass, the women's movement deliberately switched from the political arena to the courts.
For the president, however, it may be too late to revise.
By the late nineteenth century, these uses of great and small became obsolete, but to go great guns continued to allude to the loudness, forcefulness, and large size of long-ago cannons and still means to `proceed with considerable momentum, to go full steam ahead, at full bore.
But G. & C. Merriam (as the company was then styled) was not Philip Gove, and some of the less savory practices of that organization's salesmen during the late 1950s—always vigorously denied as company policy by executives—inevitably rubbed off on those who one hopes were innocent of such activities.
A common substitute for sodium when the latter is contraindicated (e.g. for heart conditions) is potassium (from potash), whose valence is also 1 and whose symbol is K, from late Latin kalium , a word of dubious etymology.
The plasmid pAdapt Luc, pAdpat LacZ, pAdapt hEndo and pAdapt mhAB encoding respectively for the luciferase, β-galactosidase, human endostatine and murinised human ATF-BPTI genes were constructed as described previously [ 23 ] . The different genes are under the control of the cytomegalovirus (CMV) immediate-early promotor and terminated by the simian virus (SV40) late poly(A) signal.
When cells harboring conditional-lethal temperature-sensitive (ts) mutations in any of these proteins are shifted to the restrictive temperature, they uniformly arrest in late anaphase as large-budded cells with segregated chromosomes, fully elongated microtubule spindles, and in all tested cases, elevated Cdc28/Clb2 protein kinase activity (Cdc28 is the major cyclin-dependent kinase Cdk1 and Clb2 the major mitosis-specific cyclin of budding yeast) (reviewed in [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] ).
Whether or not this attitude is morally vacant and ultimately self-defeating, as its critics charge, it's hard to see how anyone who seriously holds these views, whatever you call them, could really have had much to argue about with the America Firsters in the late 1930s.
I guess Sandy Berger and the Clintonites are clinging to the fact that the new Russian prez worked with the liberal mayor of St. Petersburg in the late '80s, but that doesn't seem so comforting.
Nevertheless, as compared to CV and time 0 protein extracts, trophoblast differentiation in early and late tissue cultures was associated with a more than three fold increase of the ~64 kDa ERβ hormone binding variant (Fig.
Turning the cutout letters of Emily Post's Advice to Debutantes into a debutante's dress (designed by Evans and Wong, 1996), or knitting the preamble to the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence into a cashmere sweater (designed by Joseph Golden, 1997), or even just making a dress out of random alphabet-lace (French, late 1920s)--all these are ways of flaunting modern fashion's basic iconoclasm.
The first bright, clear morning or late afternoon of your visit, head for Tibidabo, the 542-meter (1,778-foot) peak that overlooks Barcelona.
As these late canvases wash over you with their great swaths of paint, you can immediately see why Clement Greenberg, writing during the late 1950s, spoke of the "rehabilitation" of Monet and why "the most advanced of advanced painters" (Greenberg names no names) "were enthusiastically rediscovering him."
Trophoblast cultures from PT4 showed a high increase when compared to the PT4 in vivo (P < 0.01) but there was no significant difference when the PT4 early and late cultures were compared.
The summit of Hollywood hype and glitter is attained in late March or early April, when the Oscars, or the Academy Awards, are handed out to the film industry’s brightest lights.
As an essentially 19th-century phenomenon, Shanghai matured too late to contribute to classical Chinese art or culture.
The dose was not administered by weight since litters vary in size and will have a large impact on maternal weight in late gestation.
All have theories about why and how Love killed her late husband.
A specific example of TED's adaptation to baculovirus biology is the presence of palindromes containing the baculovirus late promoter element in its long terminal repeat [ 17, 24].
In western blot, the most prominent p27 expression was in the late trophoblast culture (120 h), as expected from our previous study [ 18 ] . When compared to trophoblast culture, the p27 expression in levator ani muscles was lower, but higher then weak expression in whole placenta and rectus fascia.
Ramón Laval gives a brief literary history of de Urdemalas and publishes a small series of tales collected in Chile in the late nineteenth century.
From late 1963 to early 1965, Logevall claims, the Johnson administration faced a deliberate choice about whether it should raise or lower the stakes in Vietnam: Make it an all-out test of will, which it became, or look for an excuse to leave--perhaps with the claim that the regime in the South had become too ill-behaved to be worth further U.S. support or lives.
At the heart of the square is the Cathedral of our Lady of Guadalupe, the city’s main place of worship since the late 1600s.
Officer David Mack was arrested in late 1997 for robbing a bank of more than $700,000.
However, time 0 and early and late trophoblast cultures derived from the same placenta (lanes 9-11) showed additional high molecular weight LHR variants (~170 kDa), possibly LHR homodimers [ 19 ] , which were barely detectable or undetectable in other tissues, including placental CV.
"Former lovers of the late, great Juliet Prowse."
Although many note that this is "a junior-league One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest " (Owen Gleiberman, Entertainment Weekly ) and that the film lapses into trite battles between patients and hospital staff, the film stays mainly on target, at its best when displaying its "meticulous, true-to-life portrait of a time (the late 1960's) and place (the hothouse world of upper-middle-class Boston suburbia)" (Stephen Holden, the New York Times ). (Click here to visit the official site.)
(When he describes how Clinton spent late December and early January desperately trying to ensure Lewinsky's silence, Hutchinson mocks the president's current fave phrase, "The president had some time to work.
A Utah native, he first made a name for himself in the late '60s as a conservative economist, touting "rational expectations" theory long before it became fashionable.
High above the temple stands a government rest house built by the Dutch and turned into a palace by the late President Sukarno, who they say kept a telescope trained on the women’s pool.
Art --"Willem de Kooning: The Late Paintings, the 1980s";
In the late '70s, he cemented his reputation as an Artist with Apocalypse Now . He gave himself a nervous breakdown, gave Martin Sheen a heart attack, and spent $16 million of his own money to complete the picture.
1. A "Yale classmate" and "family friend" who "partied with the future Texas governor and presidential candidate in the late sixties and early seventies in Houston."
Conservative critics such as Jed Perl and Hilton Kramer, who predictably have decried the motorcycle exhibit, might reflect upon the fact that the populist approach it represents grew out of the Mapplethorpe-National Endowment for the Arts controversy of the late 1980s--which they started.
"Freedom from unreal loyalties" is the striking phrase in her late feminist essay Three Guineas . In either case, the goal was to see life a little more clearly.
So, as you note this is an awfully late breakfast.
I am 25, and my stepbrothers are in their late 30s.
A non-contiguous part of the Mormon empire is Mormon Country , an area of southern Alberta, Canada, which was settled by Mormons in the late 19th century refugees from US marshals looking for polygamists).
Up Tai Hang Road behind Causeway Bay is Aw Boon Haw (Tiger Balm) Gardens (open daily 9:30am–4pm), founded in 1935 by the late Aw Boon Haw, who became a millionaire by producing the medicinal Tiger Balm.
But something weird is happening out there, which makes the late '90s different from the "junk-bond era and the Las Vegas Strip."
In late June, the deputies agreed to review U.S. objectives.
Through the late '70s, the right took a Popular Front approach.
The Los Angeles Times leads with late developments in the Indian Airlines hostage crisis in Afghanistan.
One popular scheme for hair--top half blond, bottom half dark--seems to have originated in the punk styles of the late 1980s, when kids bleached the top half of their spiky hair so they could dye it green or purple.
A legendary Chicano folk hero who roamed through California’s San Joaquin Valley during the late nineteenth century.
The inheritance patterns of FIA have not been determined, partly because IA is a late age-at-onset disease and partly because it is likely to be a multifactorial disease for which simple Mendelian models will not fit well [ 1 21 22 23 ] .
The infomercial boom of the late 1980s and early 1990s was a logical response to the deregulation of cable television in 1984--which means that, like so much else, we can blame Psychic Friends on Ronald Reagan.
For example, a series of landmark papers in the late 1980's and early 1990's showed that microbial diversity could be analyzed by sequencing 16S rDNAs from environmental samples (reviewed by [ 1 ] ). Giovannoni used this approach to show that there is a cosmopolitan marine bacterium, designated SAR11, using 44 16S rDNA sequences [ 2 ] . Today, it would be reasonable to perform the same study with thousands of 16S rDNA sequences.
Although Bin Ladin, Atef, and KSM initially contemplated using established al Qaeda members to execute the planes operation, the late 1999 arrival in Kandahar of four aspiring jihadists from Germany suddenly presented a more attractive alternative.
In the late 1980s, a team of Italian and Israeli archaeologists excavated a perfume factory, which dates back to Cleopatra's reign, 30 miles south of the Dead Sea.
And finally, while the public's grief over Diff'rent Strokes star Dana Plato's death might not have been on a par with that afforded John Kennedy Jr., the Globe reports that Plato's 14-year-old son, Tyler, has plans to erect a memorial to his late mother at an Oklahoma sandwich shop.
They report that the late Bette Davis relieved her frustrations during the shooting of the 1944 film Mr. Skeffington by romping in the proverbial hay with director Vincent Sherman.
The purpose of the current investigation is to compare C-DVH's of the bladder and rectum in those patients who developed late treatment toxicity versus those patients who did not develop such toxicity, and, using the same groups of patients, to determine whether the biological-effective DVH (BED-DVH) can potentially serve as a better tool for such toxicity comparisons than the C-DVH.
As I recall it, the entire country spent the early '80s in a seizure of revulsion over the late '70s, and the brief disco-era roller-skating fad placed a close second to Vietnam in terms of national shame.
Hollywood was stagnating in the late '80s.
At the Lunar New Year, or Spring Festival (in late January or early February), Harbin puts on its keystone event: a spectacular show to rival the Snow Festival of its sister city in Japan, Sapporo.
In late November 1999, Hijazi reportedly swore before Abu Zubaydah the bayat to Bin Ladin, committing himself to do anything Bin Ladin ordered.
In contrast, MHCK-C displays strong localization to the cleavage furrow only during the late stages of cell division.
The music and dancing continue until late, with parties everywhere.
An extensive analysis of markers on chromosome 11p15 showed LOH early in breast disease (DCIS), although examples of late stage LOH without concomittant DCIS involvement were also found [ 3].
By the late 1990s, State had created a worldwide, real-time electronic database of visa, law enforcement, and watchlist information, the core of the post-9/11 border screening systems.
It's never too late to mend.
Theater performances are followed by a late leisurely dinner, often after 11pm, and if you intend to head out to a nightclub, don’t expect to start until around midnight.
Beginning in the late 1970s, however, Kwanzaa began to attract coverage in the mainstream press . The attention grew as Karenga modified his rhetoric to appeal to a broader audience, and as interest in multiculturalism burgeoned in the late 1980s.
Pundits awarded victory to: 1) Gore, who started early, stayed late, and showered questioners with declarations of heartfelt warmth; 2) Bradley, whose low-key manner made Gore look desperate; 3) the Yankees, because nearly everyone watched the game instead.
The media's feel-good story lines focused on 1) the underestimated horse, who was offered for sale in February but had no takers; 2) trainer Wayne Lukas, who got the victory despite the fact that rival trainer Bob Baffert had three favored horses in the race and had won the last two Derbys; and 3) jockey Chris Antley, who had been thinking of quitting the sport after a bout with drug abuse in the late '80s and a weight problem last year.
Interestingly, as the cells progressed from the early to late stages of cytokinesis, GFP-MHCK-B appeared to be excluded from the furrow (Fig 7-B), as compared to the appearance of GFP-MHCK-A or GFP-MHCK-C.
Motassadeq would help conceal the Hamburg group's trip to Afghanistan in late 1999.
Chatterbox has learned that Monica Lewinsky's mother, Marcia Lewis, used certain familiar epithets to describe her husband, Bernard, when she divorced him back in the late 1980s.
Interestingly, the ERα expression in AP early and late cultures significantly exceeded that of NP in vivo ( P < 0.001).
Figure 4shows ERα immunoreactivity in early (17 h) and late (93 h) trophoblast cultures derived from normal placenta.
In the late Sixties you get the concept album, which is what the Smashing Pumpkin's "Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness" [a two-CD set] is.
To distinguish between these possibilities, we dissected wing imaginal discs from late third instar larvae and stained them for mitotic or apoptotic cells.
Tag expression at zero and late cell densities
Shanker crippled New York City's school system in the late 1960s with strikes against school decentralization.
Inserted in its place were five copies of the GAL4 binding site followed by the minimal promoter region of the major late promoter from adenovirus (from pG5-luc (Promega)) and the coding region for the enhanced green fluorescent protein (EGFP) gene (from pEGFP-N1) (Clontech).
Robert Archibald Ford's article, “Learn to Spike Lunars” [XVIII, 4], on the late Dr. Spooner of New College, Oxford, reminded me of two, doubtless apocryphal spoonerisms attributed to him.
By 1984, when the bull market was just beginning, analysts were being called "minigods"; and by the late 1980s, top analysts were pulling down salaries in the high six figures, although they were still a long way from the Masters of the Universe terrain then reserved for bond traders and deal makers.
What's different about the late 1990s' version?
Otherwise, high season rates generally apply February through May and late July to the end of September.
These served the city from the time of Kleisthenes and his Council of 500 in the late fifth century b.c.
Embassy in Mexico City at a stunning 35 percent in late 1995.
We're actually in England circa the late 1950s and the '60s, when a studio called Hammer Films was churning out cheap but ritzy-looking Gothic melodramas.
Kavanagh about his late brother-in-law, Lord Milford: "He could not help having a creative laugh: unfeigned, joyous, it made you feel much funnier than you thought you were, which is among the kindest of social gifts."
What Paul David, Brian Arthur, and a growing number of other economists began to realize in the late seventies and early eighties was that stories like that of the typewriter keyboard are, in fact, pervasive in the economy."
And while it's certainly true that people in their late '20s and early '30s--at least in cities, where those people are less likely to have families--have a lot of disposable income, it can't compare, in absolute terms, to that still wielded by the baby boomers.
In late 1999, Washington provided some support for talks among the leaders of exile Afghan groups, including the ousted Rome-based King Zahir Shah and Hamid Karzai, about bolstering anti-Taliban forces inside Afghanistan and linking the RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 125 Northern Alliance with Pashtun groups.
Madelyn Loes Soloman documents that in Los Angeles the teaching of folk songs and dances was done by a Mexican-born man in the late 1930s.
Nicholas Lemann's absorbing new history of American meritocracy, The Big Test , contains an interesting anecdote about William F. Buckley's inadvertent role, while an undergraduate at Yale during the late 1940s, in helping that university restrict the number of Jews and Catholics it admitted.
Furthermore, late age at first full-term pregnancy and oral contraceptive use increased risk only among premenopausal women homozygous for A1 alleles.
When he was at the University of Virginia School of Law in the late 1970s, Mr. Delany said, "Tuition was modest, $1,500 per semester.
Furthermore, this approach was felt to be valid biologically, as integral dose to critical structures has been correlated by many investigators with late treatment toxicity [ 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 ] . The authors are also aware of the special problems related to applying the DVH for tubular and surface structures (such as the rectum and bladder) [ 28 31 ] . However, because C-DVH's of the whole organs were used as the basis for the original clinical decision making on the patient population under consideration (i.e.
In the absence of any additional information on the cDNA clone LD43816 ( CG4702 ), the contrast between the heavy staining seen in late embryos and the earlier highly restricted pattern might suggest the possibility of probe contamination.

I also recall with affection the late John Leaver, who cycled around the English countryside as a boy collecting pub-names.
An expression and concept that came into usage in Mexico around 1900, but was not completely culturally defined until after the Mexican Revolution in the late 1920s.
The late John Belushi, for instance, is said to have "specifically encouraged" De Niro to star in Analyze This , while the trio of Lenny Bruce, John Huston, and lyricist Alan Jay Lerner have all been trying to tell the Oscar winner to "make more comedies and musicals."
John Sparrow, the late warden of All Souls College, put it nicely: "My impression is that in New York anything might happen at any moment.
Although the election of the Islamic leader Abdurrahman Wahid as Indonesia's new president came too late to be reported in any of Wednesday's papers, the ballot process was seen as giving hope for democracy.
(One of the many comic-opera touches in the late unlamented Dole campaign was the constant struggle between Jack Kemp, who tried incessantly to give Wanniski a key role, and the sensible economists who tried to keep him out.)
At this point, late 1998 to early 1999, planning for the 9/11 operation began in earnest.
Beginning in her late 20s, while packed into a snug cottage with her mother, her sister, and a pockmarked spinster friend, she revised some juvenilia and wrote a series of freakishly perfect novels.
As some readers are aware, the teaching of English to schoolchildren in England has been undergoing great upheaval of late: the National Union of Teachers, the largest in the UK, recently voted overwhelmingly (nine out of ten) to boycott a compulsory English test for 14-year-olds by refusing to mark, administer, or invigilate [proctor] them.
In late July, because of threats, Italy closed the airspace over Genoa and mounted antiaircraft batteries at the Genoa airport during the G-8 summit, which President Bush attended.
The calculations of the bolus response function r(t) are routinely described by the following four plots that compare the venous concentration determined from r(t) versus the experimental data: 1)the early time points, 2) the late time points, 3) a semi-log plot of all the time points, and 4) all the time points.
The preceptor variables were the floor (first or third) and session group (early or late afternoon) assigned to each OSCE preceptor.
However, PhR-/E2+ medium stimulated trophoblast differentiation in early and late cultures, where syncytial aggregates reached a large size (Fig.
Is it too late to make fun of Giuliani?"
The modern bathroom with its linoleum floor, ceramic tile, and enameled tub--as banal a setting as one could imagine--is transformed in these late masterpieces into a world as rich and exotic as Tutankhamen's tomb (, 1936).
For readers arriving late to the debate over public journalism, we should define it and sketch its 10-year history--not that that will be easy.
To espouse two positions at once is to pull a Clinton . To adopt the hairstyle popularized by the actress Jennifer Aniston on Friends is to get a Rachel or to get a Friends do . A sagan is a unit of quantity equivalent to "billions and billions"--the quotation an unintentionally self-parodic trademark of the late astronomer Carl Sagan.
Journalism about Los Hermanos Penitentes has been sensationalistic, with lengthy descriptions of their Semana Santa rituals, especially when Anglo Americans migrated to New Mexico during the late nineteenth century.
This observation used to dismay the late Nobel laureate George Stigler: He maintained that the grand institution of matrimony is demeaned by those who can't be bothered to negotiate its details.
The book takes place over three summers in the late 1970s in and around a mitnaged (rationalist, anti-mystical, non-Hasidic) ultra-Orthodox sect, the Kirschners, who followed their rabbi from Frankfurt to Washington Heights just before World War II and have taken to summering in a hamlet in the Eastern Catskills.
Nothing could have been more infuriating to them than the sight of Yasser Arafat, the embodiment of Palestinian nationalism, shaking hands with Yitzhak Rabin, Israel's late prime minister.
In the late 1990s, these extremist groups suffered major defeats by Kurdish forces.
He needs her to organize him (he's always late and always talks too long to any gathering) and also to bring in money for the family (the few years he spends out of office, the practice of law bores him silly).
First, cancers are often detected at a late stage in development, after multiple genetic and epigenetic changes have rendered the cancer metastatic and highly refractory even to harsh treatment.
But even with the advent of federal government saving in the late 1990s, national saving available for new investment remains relatively low, in large part because personal saving has dramatically declined.
Bashmet, we are told (by virtually every journalist who has written about him), began his musical career on the electric guitar--a teen-age rock star in Rostov-on-Don back in the late 1960s.
It is staying out of this whole tawdry mess, preferring to examine more elevated topics such as the possibility that actor Jim Carrey believes the spirit of late comedian Andy Kaufman has taken over his body.
41During the late 1970s and early 1980s, Social Security's expenditures regularly exceeded revenues, causing a rapid decline in the trust fund's balance and raising concerns about the program's solvency.
Behind the atticwall: milk, cookies, late night talk of bookor film.
In these cases, paralogs of the same (sub) family might be more informative for functional prediction (as long as the duplications indeed happened "late" in evolutionary times).
For example, L91 is a 'single T-DNA' locus that causes homozygosity-dependent cosuppression of its GFP-COP1 transgene and of the endogenous COP1 gene at the rosette stage of development (type L=late silencing), which in turn results in a characteristic dwarfing and other aspects of a cop1 -like phenotype [ 28 ] . In contrast, E82 (type E=early) is an oligomeric T-DNA locus that causes homozygosity-dependent COP1 endogene silencing at the seedling stage, in particular deetiolation in dark-grown seedlings.
However, when myosin II null cells progressed to the late stage of cell separation, GFP-MHCK-C was never localized to the constricting furrow or to the forming posterior region of the two daughter cells (Fig.
This mycobacterial vacuole is most likely characteristic of a late endosome, based on previous studies with M. avium, M. tuberculosis [ 33 34 ] and M. paratuberculosis [ 17 ] .
Asthma-related morbidity and mortality have risen sharply in the USA since the late 1970s [ 2].
The p52 gene expresses a DNA binding protein that is present in the nuclei of infected cells beginning in the early phase of infection through to the late phase.
German art and social history are detailed in this fine collection, which will be housed in the Kronprinzenpalais until late 2001, when it returns to its original home in the magnificent Zeughaus.
At least two such mistakes created opportunities during 2001, especially in late August.
And Zercher claims that late one night, while almost everyone was sleeping--including Hillary, who was about six feet from Zercher's jump seat--Clinton came over to talk.
In his education speech, he tripped over the term "exemplary," which came out of his mouth as "exemplarary," and he referred to the Walter Sisulu Children's Academy, a charter school named after the late ANC leader, as "Sizzle-oo."
In the late '70s three people independently wrote up that insight: the Norwegian economist Victor Norman, Lancaster himself, and yours truly; and the "new trade theory" was born.
In late 1998, primarily because of the inadequacies of the Missouri State plan, LSC made the decision to renew LSC grants to Missouri programs for a period of two years.
When the Spaniards arrived at Huatulco in the late 1530s, the local Indians showed them a massive cross by the edge of the shore that they worshipped.
After 30 years as a troublemaker, bully, and media hound, O'Hair vanished in late 1995 along with her son and granddaughter.
Until he hit big with Live in the late '80s, he was the quintessential loser, a 25-year also-ran.
The New York Times reports that the House will hold a floor vote on all four articles late next week, but will likely not do the same for the Democrat-sponsored resolution for censure.
Ha'aretz 's editorial Monday was on the late King Hassan.
In the late '80s, doctors inflated a balloon device in obese patients' stomachs.
But a federal complaint, filed in late October, accused the much-celebrated Hamid of misappropriating grant funds for personal use--to take trips, buy CDs, and work on an unrelated book manuscript--and to buy heroin for his research subjects.
Pottery finds can be interpreted to support either the imposition of an elite culture from Turkmenia or a late development of the Indus civilization.
The same thing happened in dentistry in the late 1960s and 1970s.
A few late abortions are done for the mother's health, to save her, for example, from possible disaster caused by an infected uterus or a newly diagnosed heart condition.
Moreover, we note that an effective date of May 22, 1997, is in all probability too late to influence spring planting decisions.
In contrast, among both early and late maturing white women, those who had a childhood BMI Z-score ≥ 0 were 4.7 to 4.8 kg/m 2heavier in adulthood than women who were thinner in childhood.
One reason, I think, was a giddy feeling in the late '70s that the End was Nigh, so everything was permitted and there was no reason to compete.
Menarcheal age was not significantly related to adult height, but among white women, early maturers were, on average, 1 cm shorter than were late maturers (p = 0.08).
According to a recent article in the Forward , the matter is expected to spark heated debate at the late April meeting of the Conservative movement's religious leaders, the Rabbinical Assembly.
Might we not, ere too late, take speechwire, wire-speech, tellwire, wire-telth or -tale, wordwire, wireword, for telephone and telephone message?
Among genes that are stimulated by FSH/cAMP during the period of maturation of Sertoli cells (15 to 20 days of age in rats), are several subunits of cAMP-dependent protein kinase (PKA), the serine/threonine kinase mainly responsible for the downstream effects of FSH [ 15 ] . Expression of the RIIβ regulatory subunit of cAMP-dependent protein kinase is highly induced (50-fold) at the mRNA level in primary cultures of rat Sertoli cells as a late response to cAMP peaking at 12 hours [ 16 ] . We have demonstrated that expression of CAAT/Enhancer binding protein β (C/EBPβ) is induced by cAMP with rapid kinetics in Sertoli cells, and that C/EBPβ is responsible for induction of late response genes like the RIIβ-gene [ 17 ] . The RIIβ promoter contains a conserved E-box/HLH element in the basal promoter localized at -280 to -275 relative to the functional ATG [ 18 ] . This element is shown to be important for cAMP-responsiveness in granulosa cells, and it has been shown to bind both USF and Myc in CHO and NB2a cells [ 18 19 ] . In this work, we show that USF isoforms may regulate cAMP responsiveness of the RIIβ promoter by modulating the effect of C/EBP, and that the formation of USF isoforms may be regulated by cAMP in Sertoli cells.
A story follows Mary Bono's bid to assume her late husband Sonny's seat in Congress.
However, in the late 19th century, the hacienda or plantation owners found a crop that grew successfully and was much in demand around the world — the henequen plant.
The second, more important, factor is the experience of the U.S. auto industry in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
In the late 1990s the church underwent a massive renovation and now acts as the permanent center and offices for the Edinburgh International Festival.
By late July, Tenet said, it could not "get any worse."
He stayed late to help me catch up.
The paper explains the swell--the biggest increase in the past 20 years--as a function of the booming economy's job creation and of the slowing down in the late '90s of the flight of manufacturing jobs to other countries.
Yet no one working on these late leads in the summer of 2001 connected the case in his or her in-box to the threat reports agitating senior officials and being briefed to the President.
In late 1997, he applied for permission to complete his course work in Hamburg, a request apparently motivated by his desire to join Atta and Binalshibh.
William Saletan missed a clear third spin in his "" item on Charles Bakaly's investigation and resignation: Starr is throwing Bakaly to the wolves for leaking to deflect attention from Starr's own leaks in late January and early February of 1998.
Instead, it was Procera, a system originally developed for industrial production of titanium crowns that become the CADCAM system of choice during the late 80 thand the early 90 th [ 6 7 ] . Procera did not become popular because of its titanium crowns but rather for its all-ceramic crowns [ 8 ] . These crowns consisted of Al 2 O 3 copings [ 8 ] with good fit and high strength on which dental ceramics were fired to produce strong and aesthetically appealing all-ceramic crowns.
The walkway here once had a ditch and drawbridge to protect the inner gate, called Portcullis Gate, which was reconstructed in the late 16th century on 14th-century foundations.
Your article that posted late yesterday about the Bible code would not have been published if your reporter, or your editors, had taken the time to check out the facts.
In the Pacific theater, meanwhile, FDR pursued a diplomatic resolution with Japan until late November 1941, when he learned that Japan was continuing its southward aggression despite the negotiations.
We suggest that MHCK-C is recruited to the contractile ring during late cytokinesis to facilitate the orderly removal of excess myosin II from the ring as the furrow ingresses.
Pile-ons: In a New Republic appreciation of his late friend J. Anthony Lukas, Alan Brinkley says Big Trouble is "a story told with such wit, energy, and grace that it becomes a riotous, sprawling historical entertainment."
Greensboro, NC) were applied to a 10-ha field in late October 1995.
Today's conspiracism stems mainly from the instability of the late 1960s and early '70s--a period of both uncontrolled violence (assassinations, urban riots, political protests turned bloody) and anti-government ideology (the left challenged laws regulating speech, sex, and drug use; the right fought busing, the Warren court, and the welfare state).
The entrance gate dates from the late Qing Dynasty, and many of the exhibition halls seem nearly as old.
E. How Caroll "Big Bird" Spinney describes the late Jim Henson (not signed by CBS News, but wouldn't you be more inclined to watch if he were?)
You are always only a few late nights away from perfection.
By curious coincidence, this fairy-tale conjunction of appealing nymphets and gory murder is currently the subject of an unusual show at the Museum of American Folk Art in New York: an exhibition of eccentrically magnificent watercolors by the late painter and writer Henry Darger.
The late appearance of MHCK-C during furrowing suggests a cellular mechanism regulating its localization, and our biochemical data suggest that MHCK-C phosphorylation levels may represent a mechanism for the fine-tuning of the activity of MHCK-C in the cleavage furrow during cell division.
One gets a glimpse of Joe and Vicky's peculiar role in the fiasco that occurred in late January, when the Dallas Morning News reported, then retracted, then semi-reasserted that a Secret Service witness to a Clinton-Lewinsky encounter was prepared to testify.
Ha'aretz also condemned the "skeptical and negligent approach of all the governments until the late 1970s toward peace agreements with Arab countries."
Kicking and screaming, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is slowly finding its way into the late 20 th century, even as the 21 st gets set to arrive.
Serbian refugees twice settled here in the wake of Turkish invasions: first in the late 13th century, and then again in 1690.
It became not only possible but common for a successful young economist to become famous within a few years after graduate school, to become a full professor at a top school in his late 20s or early 30s.
He tried to take over a movie studio in the late '60s and even ran MGM briefly.
Evidence suggests that this results in the high level transcription of the TED genome by the viral RNA polymerase [ 17] and could lead to the production of TED virus-like particles concomitant with the baculovirus late gene expression.
In the late '80s, with the blessing of Slobodan Milosevic, a group of Serbs organized the Serbian Jewish Friendship Society, which has propagandized endlessly about Serbia's Holocaust decency.
In late 2000, DCI GeorgeTenet recognized the deficiency of strategic analysis against al Qaeda.
Works of later Dutch artists include a number by artists of The Hague School, which rose to fame in the late 1800s and whose best-known representative is Jan van Huysum.
At its peak in the late 1800s, San Sebastián was one of the most productive mining towns in all Mexico, with a population of over 20,000 (today it has fewer than 2,000 residents).
Cell death was characterized by measuring DNA fragments released into the medium (early necrosis and late apoptosis), and apoptosis (DNA fragments in the cytoplasm).
This debate began with birth control in the late 1960s (George Bush earned the nickname "Rubbers" for sponsoring family planning legislation) and continued through abortion in the 1970s to AIDS in the 1980s.
Tudjman became a nationalist before it was fashionable; Milosevic stumbled into nationalism in the late '80s when it was convenient.)
Too little too late, his impulse to tidy resolution testifies more to his discomfort with an expanded canvas than to his plug-and-socket skills.
Nonetheless, the image from his late work that stays with you is a little picture from the Phillips Collection called Return From School After the Storm (circa 1939).
Furthermore, this hyperphosphorylation of Net1 in cdc14-1 cells was significantly reduced upon simultaneous inactivation of CDC5 (Figure 3, compare Lanes 3 and 4), suggesting that Cdc5 is at least partially responsible for the phosphorylation state of Net1 in late mitosis.
Furthermore, late age at menarche was protective only among women who were homozygous for the A1 allele.
Yet I must confess that, just as Emerson's behavior raised my eyebrows, so, too, of late has Fred Goldman's.
As discussed below in question 1.6, increased household wealth in recent years appears to have contributed to the plunge in the personal saving rate over the late 1990s.
Their book offers a history of black-white race relations since the late 19 th century; discusses racial controversies in a wide array of contexts (employment, housing, social-welfare programs, electoral politics, criminal justice); and prescribes a framework within which to fashion policy.
The apparent absence of MHCK-C from the furrow in early/mid cytokinesis, when myosin II is clearly accumulating, suggests that specific regulatory mechanisms may exist to recruit this enzyme to the furrow during late cytokinesis.
I used to have a number of friends among the homeless crack-addicted mentally ill in my neighborhood eight or so years ago, and although this friendship was not financially a totally equal two-way street, I did borrow money from them on a few occasions when I was running late and didn't want to stop at a cash machine.
Of the three and a half genocides in the past decade, the United States and others actually did intervene--albeit too late or ineptly--in two and a half: Iraq, Bosnia, and Somalia.
Wild type cells with short spindles were in pre-anaphase and showed focal nucleolar Cdc14 staining, and those with elongated mitotic spindles were in late anaphase and showed diffused Cdc14 staining (Figure 1, Rows 1 and 4; [ 8 9 ] ). In contrast, cdc5-1 cells uniformly exhibited focal Cdc14 staining whether they were grown exponentially at permissive temperature (25°C) or arrested in late mitosis at nonpermissive temperature (33°C) (Figure 1, Rows 2 and 5).
Through the late 1990s, Shanghai was the world’s boomtown, rebuilding itself and growing at a rate far beyond that of any other major city.
Also, for the first two years of the Depression, the Roosevelt administration essentially ignored the needs of the youths it had turned out of work, except in the effort of the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC), which was aimed at men in their late teens and early twenties.
Our analysis of Cdc5's role in release of Cdc14 from the RENT complex revealed that Cdc5 is required for disassembly of RENT in late anaphase, that Cdc5 can provoke premature disassembly of RENT in pre-anaphase cells, and that Cdc5 controls (at least in part) the phosphorylation state of Net1 during anaphase.
Crossing the North Atlantic in late 1943, one of the nine of us packed in a cabin made for two read aloud a joke in a letter from home: A Scotsman (jokes were openly ethnic then) on discovering his near-drowned son being resuscitated yells at the exhausted rescuer, Well and good, mon, but where in 'ell is his hat?
In late spring, the hillsides are awash with flowers, and crops such as corn give the fields a golden hue.
These governments have proved highly ineffectual in running the country, and by the late 1990s there was growing discontent with the entire democratic process.
The newly created Sir Paul, son of the late Texas oil billionaire, recently became a British citizen, and he told the newspaper that he felt "very proud to be British" when he heard "God Save the Queen" being played.
The dazzling white marble of Pisa’s Duomo and leaning campanile is most breathtaking in the noonday sun, but late afternoon is the blessed moment for the brilliant mosaic façade of Orvieto’s cathedral.
Averaged over the period 1995-99, age-adjusted invasive breast cancer rates per 100,000 white, non-Hispanic women were 199 in Marin County, 155 in the rest of the San Francisco Bay Area, and 144 in the United States as a whole [ 2 ] . Pronounced international and national geographic variation in breast cancer rates has been studied extensively [ 3 4 5 6 7 8 ] and has been attributed variously to population differences in the use of mammographic screening, diet, physical activity, body size, alcohol consumption, and socioeconomic and reproductive factors [ 5 6 7 9 10 ] . However, studies of breast cancer incidence among Asian migrants to North America have noted associations with age at migration, suggesting additional important influences of childhood or adolescent exposures or experiences [ 4 5 6 ] . With regard to Marin County, an earlier study by the Northern California Cancer Center (NCCC) using census data suggested that the high incidence was associated with the sociodemographic characteristics of the county and not with a geographically specific exposure [ 10 ] and that women living in Marin County have a higher prevalence of some recognized breast cancer risk factors, such as high education and income as well as low and late parity [ 10 11 ] .
The languor of the late summer carried over into this week, as the stock market meandered aimlessly (is there any way to meander aimfully?).
In our studies, the occurrence of outer retinal damage was only observed in old AKXD28 eyes with late stage disease, typically several months after signs of glaucoma were evident, and was a late consequence of disease progression.
As you surely know from our stellar stories in the WSJ , Microsoft has been making a lot of noises in this direction of late and those strategies are clearly aimed at AOL.
When an Oregon Supreme Court Justice arrived at Central Oregon's Office of Legal Aid Services Wednesday evening about 30 minutes late and with wind-blown hair, nobody thought much of it.
The night goes late — very late — in Madrid, and there’s not a day of the week that the streets aren’t flooded by hordes of after-hours diners and bar-hoppers.
An NSC staff document at the time describes such a tasking as having occurred in late June but does not indicate whether it was generated by the NSC or the FBI.
That means that while the economy can grow faster than 2-point-whatever percent for a while if it starts from a high rate of unemployment (like the 7.5-percent unemployment rate that prevailed in late 1992), in the long run, that growth rate cannot remain higher than the rate that keeps unemployment constant.
Never have I read a more accurate commentary on high-school social hierarchy than Cyrus Sanai's "." When I went to high school in the late '80s we used to have this program called "All-Star," whose stated purpose was to eliminate cliques and bring the school together.
Their delegations will continue to negotiate, and the leaders will likely meet again in late January.
Credit-card companies, also big donors, blocked legislation that would lower late fees.
It was late June.
Western blot analysis of placental villi and trophoblast cultures indicates that cultured trophoblast cells show additional bands, including ~170 kDa species, possibly an LHR homodimer [ 19 ] . Although the ~170 kDa species persisted in late cultures, other (additional) LHR variants diminished.
2. To add to Insulting Nicknames, staffers at the late Houston Post referred to The Houston Chronicle as Brand X.
Others, though, bash Pfitzner's work as a pale imitation of Wagner, "massively bloated [and] endlessly meandering," and say its American performance would have been "[b]etter never, perhaps, than late" (Martin Bernheimer, the Los Angeles Times ).
Figure 11depicts our current working model for the dynamics of the three MHCKs during interphase (A), early cytokinesis (B) and late cytokinesis (C).
In the late 19th century he listed nineteen forms of dementia, from acute and accidentalis to senile and toxica .
Consider, for example, the case of Mihdhar, Hazmi, and their January 2000 trip to Kuala Lumpur, detailed in chapter 6. In late 1999, the National Security Agency (NSA) analyzed communications associated with a man named Khalid, a man named Nawaf, and a man named Salem.
To Ms. Flanders' brief list of More Foreign Treasures I would like to add one of my late father's French favorites: La moutarde m'est monté en nez, lit., the mustard ascended into my nose, I lost my temper.
But the museum’s most celebrated treasures are the late 15th-century tapestries, especially Lady with the Unicorn, depicting the five senses and the temptations she vows to overcome.
The Netherlands suffered economic stagnation during the late 1920s and 1930s, as did most other developed countries.
Hawera is a late bloomer in the garden as well, and while other varieties of narcissus have been opening daily in my New York garden, there is still no sign of Hawera . Daffodils are categorized as early-, middle-, or late-blooming, and if you choose a few from each, you can hope for six weeks of flowers, and you may actually get them.
The word Christmas derives from the late old English Christes mæsse , meaning the mass of Christ.
It now appears that the Fed will raise interest rates at its February meeting, and of late investors have got it in their heads that instead of its typical 25-basis-point (0.
The most striking thing to me about McCain of late is his continuing dalliance with American Prospect- type liberalism.
Among them are the α/β of the structure (which can vary considerably for early vs late reacting tissues and for early vs late reactions within the same tissue), time taken to deliver treatment, fraction size, and length of treatment interruptions.
The bankruptcy of secular, autocratic nationalism was evident across the Muslim world by the late 1970s.
In more Lewinsky developments, reported all around: Another batch of Starr documents is headed to the Government Printing Office for release to the public late next week.
I saw a D'Oyly Carte production of The Mikado in the late '70s: It was played fast and to the groundlings and made me never want to see a G&S opera again.
Throughout the late 19th and early 20th centuries it was home to numerous British “ex-pats,” one of whom, the writer Lawrence Durrell, painted a graphic picture of European life here.
Of late, that whole phenomenon has been the subject of considerable mockery, along the lines of "Remember when we thought we should emulate Japan?
For all the attention given to electronic commerce of late, and the incredibly high valuation being given to companies that lose scads of money, some of the business on the Web is little more than a glorified version of selling crap on the Internet.
Because the AUC and V60 are dosimetric endpoints used routinely for the evaluation of radiation treatment plans, this analysis suggests that BED-DVH's for the rectum and bladder correlate better with late toxicity than C-DVH's and should be considered when attempting to minimize late GI and GU toxicity after radiotherapy for prostate cancer.
If she's too late, he'll be killed.
When the cells begin to elongate (E, Figure 8), GFP-myosin II already concentrates at the equatorial region and remains there through the early stage (C e , Figure 8), the mid-stage (C m , Figure 8), and the late stage of cytokinesis.
.the party consisted of Beckett, Dame Peggy Ashcroft, Harold Pinter, and the late Alan Webb.”
PLD1 is an extracellular signal-activated phospholipase; its activity rises when receptors for certain hormones, growth factors, neurotransmitters, cytokines, and other mediators are activated, and upon treatment of cells with phorbol esters (reviewed in [ 7 8 ] ). Studies using recombinant PLD1 tagged with green fluorescent protein or Flu-epitopes indicate that it is localized in the endoplasmic reticulum, Golgi apparatus, late endosomes, and plasma membrane ( [ 6 ] , reviewed in [ 7 ] ). In vitro, basal PLD1 activity is usually low and can be stimulated by a variety of factors, including phosphatidylinositol 4, 5-bisphosphate (PIP 2 ), protein kinase C (PKC), and several small GTPases, e.g.
RU486 administration during late gestation results in improved development of bone, skeletal muscle, and glial cells in LIFR null fetuses.
The Nobel Prize-winning novelist's foray into journalism--an account of his fellow Colombian, the late coke kingpin Pablo Escobar--puzzles critics.
Had this information been available in late August 2001, the Moussaoui case would almost certainly have received intense, high-level attention.
When cocktail party malcontents mocked Shawn's New Yorker in the late '70s and early '80s, they would make fun of such things as E.J.
The market is open from Monday to Saturday from early in the morning until late afternoon; the best time to visit is on a Friday or Saturday, when fishermen, farmers, and traders from all over the island pour into town.
In late October, a group of officers from the Counterterrorist Center flew into the Panjshir Valley to meet up with Massoud, a hazardous journey in rickety helicopters that would be repeated several times in the future.
A story explains Japan's plummeting fertility rate: Women in their late 20s don't want to sacrifice their independence to marriage and motherhood.
Olives, walnuts, almonds, and late developing fruit must all be brought in and preserved before the start of winter.
CENP-E binds to the kinetochore throughout mitosis and to MTs of the spindle mid-zone during late stages of mitosis [ 20].
But they arrived too late to find the 12 conspirators, including Mao Zedong.
It had run in TNR in the late '80s, and it mocked the very notion of fact checking as unnecessary and stupid.
According to an equally widespread belief, the late '60s and early '70s were also a time when tenure became far more elusive.
Yet, ERα at mid-pregnancy levels further stimulated syncytium development, as evidenced by the development of extremely large syncytial aggregates in late cultures from normal placentae, and development of large syncytial aggregates in cultures from abnormal placentae.
2%) were found to have late grade 3 urinary toxicity.
Even at this late stage in maturation there are still numerous spiral neurons present in the apex (Fig.
Unlike the virtuous Hillary, the president's late mother "slept around," he tells us, without any further elaboration.
(The role of a few key funders, like the Coors and Olin Foundations, in building an intellectual facade for late 20 th -century conservatism is a story that somebody needs to write.)
Examples of MCAR include patients who have moved away, or study that has closed and the late entry of patients being administratively 'censored'.
By the late 1870s, Southern "redeemers" (as they were admiringly called) got the federal government to withdraw the troops that were safeguarding the rights of blacks.
2. "Juniper Networks, which makes routers for the infrastructure of the Internet, went public in late June and, at its peak, was up 700 percent in two months .
Carl Reiner thought he was praising the late Lucille Kallen, a writer for Sid Caesar's Your Show of Shows , who died last Monday at 76.
The city, firmly Republican, briefly became the capital in late 1937 and was a rallying point for the International Brigade.

Because it is now too late to submit a proper bid, Passaic will not receive LSC funding in 2003.
Financial information that, in the past, was considered adequate for decisionmaking is now considered overaggregated and too late to be useful.
Yet overindulgence of the young was firmly checked by the reminder that It's late time to sift when da sids [chaff] is ida bread ,' meaning discipline is only effective when started at an early age.
With respect to the follicular and luteal development, porcine ovaries were macroscopically classified as follows: Early/mid follicular - medium sized antral follicles (3-5 mm) accompanied by shrinking fibrous corpora lutea of similar size; late follicular - large antral follicles (>5 mm) not accompanied by any luteal tissue; early/ mid luteal - large corpora lutea (~10 mm) characterized by yellowish color; and late luteal - CL of diminishing size (~7 mm) with massive bleeding into the central cavity (bluish color) and no accompanying follicles.
I'm reminded of the time in late '95 or early '96, during his belly-flop presidential bid, when Phil Gramm introduced Dickie Flatt to the world.
Figure 8Ashows the correlation plot for the objective, "expression potential" intercept measurement at zero cell density (defined above) and Tag measured from Western blots in Figure 2. The Western blot data represent a sampling of Tag expression on growing cultures, in late exponential growth, and thus might reflect the average, qualitative experiment.
Many young composers view musical modernism with distaste, much as Berio and Penderecki and their peers viewed late Romanticism in their day.
Propidium iodide can be used to distinguish early apoptotic cells from late apoptotic cells.
To do this, we modeled the cell in three shapes: a sphere at early anaphase, a cylinder with two spherical caps at late anaphase, and a dumbbell with spherical cap domains connected by a cylindrical intercellular bridge.
The paper also reports that the audit was completed before the discovery of a listening device (and a Russian spy nearby) at State headquarters late last year, but after a 1998 incident in which a man came in, took some classified materials, and left.
For example, white women with an early menarche had an (overall) 3.5 kg/m 2higher mean BMI level after age 18 y than those with late menarche, but as seen in the upper right panel, this difference was reduced to 2.1 kg/m 2within the two groups of women categorized by childhood BMI.
My truck was three days late, and I only got it by threatening legal action."
But give the Times credit for putting forward its own clear suggestion: With Yeltsin's health problems much in evidence of late, Russians were increasingly viewing Chernomyrdin as Yeltsin's imminent successor, and "nothing infuriates Yeltsin more than the suggestion that he has lost any of his political authority."
Hollywood beckoned in the late '70s.
In the first place, as impressive as Chrysler's comeback from the debacle of the late 1970s and from the disastrous later years of Lee Iacocca's reign was, the company is hardly the jewel of American manufacturing that last week's press accounts made it out to be.
Controlling for childhood levels of BMI and TSF also substantially reduced the adult differences in TSF between early and late maturers.
Designed in the late 13th century by Arnolfo di Cambio (architect of the Palazzo Vecchio and the Duomo) but with a neo-Gothic façade added in 1863, the Franciscan church of Santa Croce (east of the Uffizi) has an important series of Giotto frescoes.
Having acquired U.S. visas in Saudi Arabia, the muscle hijackers returned to Afghanistan for special training in late 2000 to early 2001.
The Taliban captured the southern city of Kandahar--where its reclusive leader, Mullah Mohammed Omar, resides--in late 1994 and the capital, Kabul, last September.
By late 1999, they were ready to abandon their student lives in Germany in favor of violent jihad.
There are many genre films on the AFI list, but most of them represent their genre in its late period-- The Godfather (1972), 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968), The Wild Bunch (1969), and so on.
In late stages of pattern formation exclusion zones within which no other structures may exist become established surrounding each large structure.
While writing Big Trouble , the late Pulitzer Prize-winner J. Anthony Lukas, who took his own life in June this year, may have sensed that readers in the conservative 1990s would resist being reminded about these ferocious, long-ago American upheavals.
The majority of these Saudi recruits began to break with their families in late 1999 and early 2000.
(The only lawyers who haven't profited during the late unpleasantness are those who left deep-pile firms to work on the Senate or White House staffs.
Analysis of late April communications associated with KSM indicates that they had wanted to get together in April but could not coordinate the meeting.
Art --"Willem de Kooning: The Late Paintings, the 1980s";
A question: Were all girls growing up in the mid- to late '60s and early '70s swinging from trees Tarzan-style?
And while the company's most important product of the late 1980s, the SPARCstation, featured a high-speed processor of Sun's own devising, throughout its history Sun has done an impressive job of keeping pace with technological change by refusing to remain locked into one vision of the future.
Should that be the case, the YRH proteins could be late surviving derivatives of these ancient enzymes, which apparently have been shunned from cellular life forms during the evolution of prokaryotes.
The yeoman, or statesman, economy thrived for some 300 years, but with the rise in automation brought by the Industrial Revolution in the late 18th century, the demand for hand-crafted goods such as cloth plummeted — machine-produced goods were more plentiful and considerably less expensive.
To link LIFR function with GC function we have manipulated the late gestation maternal steroid profile by maternal adrenalectomy or RU486 administration to determine if the maternal GC surge impacts fetal well being in the absence of LIFR and functional LIFR:gp130 signaling.
In the early stages of primary follicle development the levels of BMPR-IA mRNA in the oocyte increased and were maximal in late preantral follicles (Fig.
ESOPs were invented in the late 1950s, but did not become popular until the 1980s.
You don't hear much about "late capitalism" these days, except insofar as it has morphed, oddly, into the techno-utopianism of New Economy advocates.
For more than a decade, Ocalan has been leading the 12 million Kurds living in Turkey in a war for autonomy, most recently from a base in Syria, which expelled him late last year under Turkish military pressure.
As the Soviet army moved closer to Budapest in late 1944 and the bombing of the city became more intense, Horthy played his last card by declaring an armistice.
Cells were harvested for protein at 16-24 h (early cultures) and at 72 to 96 h (late cultures).
Two others, Wadi al Hage and Mubarak Douri, who had become acquainted in Tucson, Arizona, in the late 1980s, went as far afield as China, Malaysia, the Philippines, and the former Soviet states of Ukraine and Belarus.
The first shows late 16 th century fashion looking ridiculous only on the aging queen herself, as if no other woman at the time ever wore a rigid farthingale and stuffed sleeves, a tightly frizzed wig and a bushel of pearls, or painted her face with white paste.
Because the patient population having late grade 3/4 toxicity (which is a small population but was chosen as the target population that is most likely to benefit from the incorporation of BED-DVH's into the process of treatment planning) was the focus of this initial investigation, the number of patients in the current study is understandably small.
Unfortunately, no late clinical follow up is planned.
In late ARDS, pathophysiological changes seem to render postural changes largely ineffective.
' Rand (South Africa) is the now common name for the witwatersrand , the site of the great gold fields found in the late 19th century and the original source of its wealth.
Since the late '70s, he and his brother Charles have been distributing their fortune to Jewish causes, endowing professorships, buildings, and scholarships in the United States and Israel.
According to Michael Lee of the University of Sydney and Michael Caldwell of Chicago's Field Museum, the 100-million-year-old fossil, christened Pachyrachis problematicus ("problematic thick-ribbed animal") in the late 1970s, is a proto-snake with two legs.
But more recently the case has been made strongly by the late William Colby in Lost Victory and, just this year, by Lewis Sorley in A Better War .
In any case, it's not as if the United States has no experience with this sort of thing, as evidenced by the hysteria occasioned by Japanese companies' acquisitions of properties like Rockefeller Center and Columbia Pictures in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
(These arguments could be found on the Wall Street Journal editorial page almost any random day in the late 1980s, although not during the late 1990s.)
The help, although late, has earned Dudovitz some appreciation.
Until the late 1950s, the department dominated the processes of advising the president and Congress on U.S. relations with the rest of the world.
all-or-none) event that depends on surpassing a threshold of a finite number of IL-2-IL-2R interactions [ 13 17 18 ] . This threshold corresponds to surpassing the "restriction (R) point" in the mid to late G
The Enquirer reports that Cher has been having heart-to-hearts with her late ex-husband, Sonny Bono, while the Globe says a Los Angeles psychic claims she "regularly" relays career advice to actor Robert De Niro from the great beyond.
Abu Musab turned out to be Mohamedou Ould Slahi, a significant al Qaeda operative who, even then, was well known to U.S. and German intelligence, though neither government apparently knew he was operating in Germany in late 1999.
The managers called in Starr to make her; late yesterday Starr asked a U.S. district court to revoke Lewinsky's immunity agreement if she doesn't play ball with Hyde and Co.
At a press conference yesterday, Bradley said he has had four episodes since late December.
Robert Taft tried to keep the United States out of World War II in the late 1930s and then sought to restrain America's overseas commitments in the early Cold War years.
The director reportedly discovered Arthur Schnitzler's 1926 Traumnovelle ( Dream Novella , although it has been translated as other things) in the late '60s, spent several years on the updated and Americanized but otherwise faithful script (he shares the credit with Frederic Raphael), and shot and reshot it for an eyes-wide-opening period of a year and a half.
The first flight, out of the Middle East, left late and arrived even later at Heathrow, though not too late to make the connection.
Christianity was introduced into Gaul in the first century a.d. , but was not really accepted until the late fourth century, when it became the empire’s official religion.
The late Peter Braestrup did that in Big Story , which showed how badly the press had misreported the Tet Offensive in 1968 and repercussions it caused.
As these late canvases wash over you with their great swaths of paint, you can immediately see why Clement Greenberg, writing during the late 1950s, spoke of the "rehabilitation" of Monet and why "the most advanced of advanced painters" (Greenberg names no names) "were enthusiastically rediscovering him."
The Defense Department created the Internet in the late '60s, and the government supported the Internet heavily from the '70s till the early '90s.
Furthermore, in all (including late anaphase) cdc5-1 cells, Cdc14 co-localized with A190, a nucleolar protein (Figure 1, Rows 3 and 6), suggesting that when CDC5 is compromised, most or all Cdc14 fails to vacate the nucleolus in late anaphase.
And the Times ' experts give a different primary explanation for why the young have been avoiding crack of late: The clear negative consequences for role models who got caught up in the stuff.
Drizzle rather than heavy rain generally falls from late May to late June, when the spring flowers burst forth, but temperatures are brisk.
Making all the right noises, carrying the connotation just described, seems to have surfaced mainly in British publications in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
According to the mythology, Coppola was given third-rate scripts and managed to transform them into second-rate entertainment like The Cotton Club , Gardens of Stone , and Peggy Sue Got Married . (Coppola, who had been notorious for delivering his own movies late and over budget, earned a reputation as a reliable director.
Shift , however, is a word that is not used by the police: early and late duties are known as early and late turn , but nights are always night duty or plain nights .
And if you remember, the late Senator Paul Tsongas and I were actually almost ridiculed at the time because we both put out these very detailed plans of what we would do.
The LAT reefers the story but notes that health questions dogged the late Sen.
In the late 1970s, as he prepared to run against Reagan for the Republican presidential nomination, Bush opposed Carter's move to establish formal diplomatic relations with the PRC, calling it "an abject American retreat."
When Albanians staged protests in the late '60s, Tito attempted to pacify them by strengthening local government (largely dominated by Albanians) over local affairs and by restoring jobs.
And if there were, any elective late abortion--even by induction--would be wrong, though D and E and partial-birth abortion would seem especially cruel.
Graham [ 73 ] suggested that the most convincing earliest fossil pollen records for Artemisia are late Oligocene from Central Europe.
