During the consolidation process, the Legal Services Corporation technical assistance grants enabled the program to utilize the services of a skilled consultant and facilitator to move the process to conclusion, to send program staff to visit and observe other programs with well respected and technologically sophisticated centralized intake systems, to bring experts to the program to help design a transition to statewide administrative and personnel systems, and helped fund the statewide staff meeting which launched and celebrated the new statewide program.
The president responded by threatening NATO attacks on Serbia, to be launched immediately if Milosevic doesn't accept the Western-drafted compromise and evacuate the great majority of his troops.
In 1995, a U.S. research rocket launched from Norway brought Russia "a couple of minutes" away from a decision to launch a retaliatory strike.
In the early '90s, the Chinese launched three to four satellites a year.
"I really hope the focus won't be on me doing charity work but will be on Take 2," said Wagonheim, who added that Baltimore County Bar Association President Stephen J. Nolan was instrumental in launching the new program.
JNET was launched in 1998 by the Ridge-Schweiker administration to help local and state police, courts, prisons and probation and parole officers exchange instantly updated information on individuals moving through the criminal justice system - making it possible to better track potentially dangerous individuals.
To help other districts to launch the activity on their own, the Quality Assurance Project has produced a comprehensive how-to manual for district managers interested in introducing the vendor-to-vendor programme in their districts.
More than 1,000 new magazines were launched in 1998, and half have already folded--most after one issue.
"Mike" and "Diane" said they hoped the event would launch their careers.
The second of John Lennon's sons to trade on his father's name in launching a pop career.
The case of mistaken identity fed its popularity and launched JQA's career as a political essayist.
The Los Angeles Times leads with a pact signed by Gov. Gray Davis and 57 Indian leaders which would allow an expansion of gambling operations on California reservations; the top non-local story at the LAT is the agreement between the U.S. and Russia to co-staff a Colorado command center that would monitor "missile early-warning data," in case the Y2K computer bug causes missile "mishaps" (read "launches").
Although China currently launches relatively few satellites, Loral, like its competitors Hughes and Lockheed Martin, aims to increase its use of Chinese rockets for several reasons:
The administration has decontrolled satellite launches, helping China improve its nuclear missile force.
But not one shot was ever fired from here in anger — the only volleys ever launched were part of ceremonial salutes.
NORAD and the FAA were unprepared for the type of attacks launched against the United States on September 11, 2001.
The impact of these projects will be accelerated by an economic development initiative launched this year which will enable new and existing businesses to flourish in this neighborhood.
The judges ordered Reno and Starr to file briefs on whether Reno had authority to launch the inquiry.
He got all of a 97-mph fastball, and launched it at 105 mph in the general direction of Canada.
Consider: On Voter.com, a site that launched last week, voters can fill out e-questionnaires and search for the candidates with whom they most often agree.
In spring 2002, the State Bar of Georgia Access to Justice Committee launched a state planning effort to strengthen the delivery of civil legal services for the poor.
The Rural Development team will target potential resources and launch a campaign for rural resource development.
In the 1480s, the Christians launched a new offensive; Ronda capitulated to the sovereigns Ferdinand and Isabella in 1485, followed by Málaga in 1487 and Almería in 1488.
It also quoted European Union Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamy saying that the Seattle meeting might fail to launch a new trade round.
So five years ago, Scheck and Neufeld launched the Innocence Project.
As the presidential race heats up, new for-profit political Web sites are launching almost every week.
Milosevic, said Clark, "may have thought that NATO really wouldn't launch the airstrikes.
3) Microsoft Training and Certification will immediately launch a new series of courses called "Dressing for Media."
In the next few weeks eccentric Brit billionaire Richard Branson (whose last balloon took off without him) and Swiss balloonist Bertrand Piccard are each expected to launch their multimillion-dollar airships.
By 1963, when John Glenn orbited Earth three times in five hours, the Soviet Union was launching daylong flights and a 48-orbit mission.
He launched his career there and it seems fitting that he return.
The Wine Market Council will launch a media campaign in February.
After three years of development in the field, LSC's State Planning Initiative was formally launched in 1998.
In conjunction with the National Legal Aid and Defender Association (NLADA), LSC launched a series of conversations on diversity in 2001.
LSC grantees seek to increase visibility in the client community in several situations - for example, when launching new services (for example, a toll-free phone hotline), trying to reach special-needs populations (the elderly, homeless people, families reaching the end of their eligibility period for welfare, people in non-English speaking communities) or expanding services into hard-to-serve communities (for example, to small towns far from legal aid offices).
And to show just how fast Japan’s new rulers were catching on, two punitive expeditions were launched against Korea and China in the grand manner of 19th-century gunboat diplomacy.
To provide our teams of analysts with a mechanism for simplifying and standardizing their work, we launched the Electronic Assistance Guide for Leading Engagements--the EAGLE, which is a prototype of a comprehensive Webbased guide to conducting GAO engagements.
Sputnik was launched on Oct. 4, 1957--the first man-made object to orbit Earth.
He added that the reason Israel was so calm in advance of the attack was that it had concluded there were no launchers or ballistic missiles to threaten it in western Iraq, and that even if Saddam decided to launch the few "Hussein" missiles and improved Scuds he still had, he would need more than 24 hours to transfer them from their hiding places to an area within range of Israel.
-- Al Gore is either treating us all to an evening at Chuck E. Cheese's or launching his run for the White House.
The less reverent version is that it launched the era of gaudy action movies and movie-based mass merchandising, and that its carefully scripted revival--complete with licensing deals for tacos, toys, and Christmas ornaments--does it perfect justice.
The island proved to be the last bastion of the samurai ideal, when disenfranchised warriors launched the doomed Satsuma Rebellion in their desperation to forestall the relentless march of progress.
He is also largely responsible for moving the Clinton campaign beyond mere "rapid response" to pre-emptive strikes--engineering, for instance, Clinton's endorsement by the Fraternal Order of Police on the day Bob Dole was set to launch a major attack on the president's crime record.
I then launched Xwindows.
Three weeks before this announcement, the United States had launched its first manned flight: a 15-minute journey by Alan Shepard that didn't even reach orbit.
The 16 bays of these yards, which could once handle more than 30 galleys at a time, launched ships that extended Catalonia’s dominion over the Mediterranean from Tunis to Greece, Sicily, Sardinia, and much of the French coast.
"The Indonesian government, which has been entrusted with the task of maintaining peace and order, did virtually nothing as pro-Indonesia militias in East Timor launched a massive terror campaign against their own populace, killing pro-independence supporters, forcing hundreds of thousands to leave their homes, and destroying buildings and other property," the paper said.
The recently launched "literate smut" Webzine Nerve might be Sex Site No.
The cake she chose was decorated with a spaceship and a launching pad under a sprinkling of white stars.
Modern historians’ version is rather less exotic: Jimmu was probably a pirate from Okinawa who settled in Kyushu before launching his campaign to conquer Honshu.
In the past year, our former-peacenik president has launched missile attacks on Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein at the oddest of times.
Yesterday, Republican presidential candidate Gary Bauer held a press conference to deny rumors (launched by former officials of his campaign) that he's had an adulterous affair with an aide.
Berry has said she hopes this movie will launch her into the kind of leading roles that are (as in Dandridge's day) unavailable to black women; Variety seems to think it will, weighing in with a great review: "an enthralling biopic ...
DeLay is now launching a $25 million fund-raising campaign to fight trade unions through the innovative method of establishing a nonprofit corporation that can raise unlimited cash without disclosing donors, a plan his fellow Republican congressman Chris Shays calls, "unbelievably sick."
In January 1993, the Bush administration launched cruise missiles at Baghdad to force compliance.
Dolley Madison, he explains, controlled her diminutive husband and "launched the White House's first 'drawing room' receptions which, in her day, were celebrated--the men in 'black or blue coat with vest, black breeches and black stockings,' the ladies 'not remarkable for anything so much as for the exposure of their swelling breasts and bare backs.
And so does a 27-year-old Montrealer out to fill a "huge void in the telesphere" by launching a youth-oriented global news network.
The Sunday Telegraph 's spy scoops: The KGB ran a "dirty tricks" campaign to persuade Americans that President John F. Kennedy was murdered by the CIA; the agency planned to maim Russian ballet dancers Rudolf Nureyev and Natalya Makarova for defecting to the West; it launched a series of plots against Pope John Paul II; and it planted KGB agents as assistants to three successive secretaries-general of the United Nations.
Reagan launched a powerful moral attack on the idea of Big Government.
Here you can take a tour of the harbor on one of the sightseeing launches moored near the ship Hikawa-maru, now retired from service.

The 1,000-plus communications satellites that Motorola, Hughes, Teledesic (Bill Gates and Craig McCaw), and others are launching will drive down the cost of telecommunications and make television, telephone, and Internet service affordable to billions of people in undeveloped nations.
When the Reagan administration began authorizing commercial space launches in the mid-'80s, American aerospace companies, which typically collaborated on massive government projects, weren't equipped to build entire rockets for commercial use.
In a recent message to current students, I urged them, too, to take pride in being associated with one of the best nursing schools in the country and reminded them of our rich heritage: our role in founding Sigma Theta Tau International and in launching the Midwest Nursing Research Society and Midwest Alliance in Nursing; our leadership in bringing the Healthy Cities movement to the United States and designation as the first (and only) World Health Organization Collaborating Center in Healthy Cities; our ranking among the top 16 schools of nursing in the 1994 U.S.
When MLS launched, U.S. players were so grateful to get work that they accepted MLS's terms of employment.
The NYT says 200 cruise missiles were launched in what it termed the largest military action against Iraq since the Gulf War.
A dozen years ago, the Oxford dictionary department launched The Oxford Word and Language Service [ OWLS ], devoted to answering queries about all aspects of the English language.
LSC's Office of Information Management (OIM) along with OPP recently launched the Electronic Grants Award Letter (EGAL) system.
The fledgling WB network hopes that this prime-time teen soap opera, alongside its cult hit Buffy the Vampire Slayer , will launch it toward Fox-like legitimacy.
Prior to launching these programs, we are requesting each of our alumni leaders and friends on the two boards to review their support of the school for 1991 and, if no pledge or contribution has been made, to consider joining their colleagues in the Maennerchor Society.
You may be lucky enough to visit on a launch day — earth satellites, space probes, and other research equipment are routinely launched from the Cape.
They launched a round of intimate White House dinners.
Ammiano, who would have been the city's first openly gay mayor, forced the runoff after launching a write-in campaign just three weeks before the November election.
And now almost every plane in the gathering U.S. air arsenal can launch them.
Every candidate launches his campaign with a glossy account of his upbringing and career, but McCain's heroism in Vietnam makes his story a far easier sell than Bush's, Gore's, or Bradley's.
Four months ago, when George W. Bush launched his presidential exploratory committee, he defended tax cuts by arguing that it was "compassionate" of political leaders "to give people more money."
But USA Today is the lengthened byline of one man, former Gannett CEO Al Neuharth--and the flamboyant South Dakotan spent years preaching the philosophy of his paper, both before and after its September 1982 launch.
After lunch, I launch myself into a low Earth orbit to battle giant space monkeys from Neptune."
Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr launched a PR counterattack on the White House.
He launched a principled attack on the notion that government is more capable of running the country than the private sector.
For example, our funds made it possible for Louisiana to adopt a multi-year development plan, and allowed West Virginia to launch a three-year private bar campaign that secured almost $300,000 in contributions and pledges prior to kickoff, with the expectation of reaching its goal of $1.
Following a suitable period of mourning for his exploded mate (five seconds), Austin greets his restored bachelorhood with a frenzy of exhibitionism--romping nude through the lobby of his posh hotel, pointing out his privates to assorted female passers-by, and launching into a lengthy water ballet in the company of Esther Williams-style chorines.
On May 29, Clarke suggested that Rice ask DCI Tenet what more the United States could do to stop Abu Zubaydah from launching"a series of major terrorist attacks," probably on Israeli targets, but possibly on U.S. facilities.
Look for modern Rosenthal and the local Königliche Porzellan Manufaktur (KPM), which was launched by Frederick the Great in the 18th century.
Shortly after Labor Day, we'll be launching a new column, "Net Election," published by
This is because groups or individuals can attack remotely from anywhere in the world, over the Internet, other networks, or dial-up lines, and they can disguise their identity, location, and intent by launching attacks across a span of communications systems and computers.
U.S. soccer pundits immediately launched into the all-American pastime of fixing blame and complaining about bad luck.
In Paris, Le Monde devoted a full page Wednesday to the banana war, predicting fiercer trade battles to come on hormone-treated beef and genetically modified foods, and on the European A3XX Airbus, which is due to be launched next November in direct competition with the Boeing 747.
Many states have found that involving an experienced planning consultant in the initial phases of launching a process and developing a plan can be valuable, particularly where difficult issues involving institutional relationships are present.
In 1999, the Statewide Technology Coordinator launched a Technology Task Force, made up of two representatives from each program, one who is responsible for technology matters and one who can effectively communicate how their program provides services to the client community.
Bin Ladin's consistent priority was to launch a major attack directly against the United States.
Morris claims, for example, that the New Deal launched a 50-year effort to force the distribution of wealth downward.
The cake she chose was decorated with a space ship and launching pad under a sprinkling of white stars, and a planet made of red frosting at the other end.
His next project has the working title "Fahrenheit 9/11: The temperature at which freedom burns", and he intends to launch it shortly before the next US presidential election.
The recently launched www.hr5034.org website is the creation of the National Beer Wholesalers Association and and appears to be the repository all the misrepresentation, ignorance and misleading ideas supporters of H.R. 5034 could possibly muster.
In the mean time, please checkout the website that spurred the wholesalers to launch their own: http://www.stophr5034.org.
In fact, the Flamingo would launch over two decades of strong mob presence in Las Vegas.
IFAW’ P.O. Box I 93 Yarmouth Port, MA 02615-01 ‘www.lfaw.org IFAW is now launching our year 2001 Animal Sanctuary Fund to provide safe places for animals to live out of the danger tat comes from humans and loss of habitat.
is watching the new mp4-23 launch url is learning svn url url url : welcome back.
To wit: in 2009, David helped launch the Truro Ag Fair -- an event that exceeded all expectations and brought huge crowds to local farmers' booths.
The offer is being launched pursuant to a previously announced agreement between the companies.
Taking a cue from California, more politicians will launch their campaigns by backing initiatives, says David Magleby of Brigham Young University.
Elisa Hollis launched a diaper service last year because State College, Pa., where she lives, didn't have one.
DD Acquisition has launched a suit in a Delaware court seeking the withdrawal of Dunkin's poison pill rights and employee stock ownership plans, which it claims were put in place to deter bidders.
