To help you see how much your contribution means, I'm sharing with you The words of people who have lived Goodwill's mission.
The families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms of a house to live in, money to purchase food -- without food stamps -- and the beginning of a family focused on success, not hopelessness.
He went to the Center Township Trustee for food stamps until he could find a job and a place to live.
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer, his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live, Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community.
and John H., a recovering alcoholic, rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again.
For others, "families" are the counselors are housemates at the group homes where they live.
Yet few of us hear enough about kids who live through these adversities and do make the grade.
Many of the children are victims of abuse or live in unstable homes.
Enclosed is a donation card that will enable you to make Indianapolis a great place for ALL of us to live.
That incredible empire dominated the world and I imagine it did not seem possible to people living then that anyone could loosen that empire's grip on humanity.
Does a bacterium know how to make a living in its world?
If we synthesize autonomous agents in the next decades and they coevolve under our rapt gaze over months or years into a modestly complex ecosystem brimming with novel life forms, they too will know how to make a living in their mutually created world plus the boundary conditions we more or less intelligently impose on them.
All living cells are.
The President completed his statement, which for security reasons was taped and not broadcast live, and the traveling party returned to Air Force One.
Archaeology shows that, during this time, societies lived mainly in coastal trading towns with little settlement inland.
Many Greek islanders chose to leave rather than live in poverty and terror, and many made new homes in the United States and Australia.
Perhaps because Jerusalem was in neutral territory not allotted to any of the twelve rival tribes of Israel, David made it the capital of his newly formed kingdom and brought the most talented artisans, dedicated priests, magical poets and musicians, and the most formidable soldiers from each of the tribes to live in his city.
They returned to live in the Galilee village of Nazareth, making pilgrimages to Jerusalem.
Weizmann was an important figure in the negotiations with the British government that led to the Balfour Declaration of 1917, supporting the idea of a Jewish “national home” in Palestine that also respected the rights of existing non-Jewish people already living there.
Oh, it can lead one to a rhymed couplet: He loves his brother and his wife, Does he live a double life?
Earlier, on page 49, we learnt about Agnodice, “who lived to become the world's first known woman gynaecologist,” in the fourth century BC.
Thousands of young women helped to build the church of God with their body, blood and bones when frenzied fathers, husbands or fiancés preferred to see them die by fire, sword or the fangs of wild beasts rather than live to flout [sic] the duty and destiny of womanhood.
Although it is true that isoglosses, in effect, set off the various areas where a particular usage was recorded, more accurately an isogloss is drawn to connect sites either where speakers employ both usages or where speakers using one or the other live in very close proximity.
Do any Republicans live in Democrat , Texas?
Not living an anonymous life in your room or on the Internet.
Thus we have the Concord Coalition types, who are always whining that the national debt forces them to live well at their grandchildren's expense.
A teen-ager with an excellent relationship with a single mom, the study says, has a far better chance of avoiding drug abuse than does one living in a two-parent household including a diffident father.
Although we live in a time of great economic prosperity, there are currently still 34.
The NYT and WP report that the Secretary of Defense, William Cohen, announced yesterday that the Pentagon will investigate allegations made Sunday by a Time/CNN report that in a 1970 raid on a village in Laos, U.S. troops and aircraft used nerve gas on suspected American defectors living there.
Some of these advantages include the ability to label live cells and the ability to conduct receptor labeling without antibodies or radioactive ligands.
In strolls Jim Lindsay, saying he's a retired lawyer now living in Savannah and he was interested in doing free legal work for poor people.
The secret of the Eternal City’s magic is that it lives and relishes all its ages simultaneously.
Does Bartoli live up to the hype?
HIV infection among women in the United States has increased significantly over the last fifteen years, and recent estimates suggest that as many as 160,000 adult and adolescent women are living with HIV infection and/or AIDS [ 1 ] . Women accounted for almost one fourth of the new AIDS cases reported in 1999, and most of these women were infected with HIV through heterosexual contact.
Overcrowding was rife, and with industries such as fabric-dyeing carried out on the ground floors, it was an unsanitary place to live.
Ponce is a thriving port city, very modern in many ways, but it lives up to its name of “Pearl of the South.”
The comments submitted to the Commission and live testimony indicated widely disparate agricultural needs.
The ruling elite lived on the high ground, the Yamanote (“bluffs”) west and south of the castle.
Would the controlling feature of the butchers living in Louisiana be their membership in the polity called the United States or their status as “persons” entitled to due process and the equal protection of the laws?
a state where she has never even lived?
Hoyo Marvilla, another well-known barrio in East Los Angeles, was famous because it was where farmworkers lived and was extremely poor.
Aside from the gardens, lake, and playground, other points of interest include a statue of Christopher Columbus (who may have lived in Funchal for a while), and, close by, the Chapel of Santa Catarina, dating from the 17th century.
-As described earlier, rural customers who do not live along the rural route must place a mail receptacle along the rural route.
But in both stores, one is similarly invited to live out vain fantasies about who one is, or should be.
While he keeps costumes in mini-storage, the rabbit and doves live in his home.
It is almost a living museum with Byzantine Churches, Neo-Classical mansions housing galleries or collectibles stores, and a wealth of historical detail at every turn.
But too many of them are large and expensive, tend to live on the dole, and are hampered by seat layouts that create a caste system among fans.
Yes, in Keats' poems, life has a dreamy quality--but this is not a gorgeous swoon so much as the sense that somewhere, out of sight, we have already lived our actual lives, and that the life we are forced to feel through now is a posthumous remembrance of that earlier life, full of pain and loss.
Using the ZIP code of residence assumes the patient lived within that ZIP code area during the period of time required to develop cancer following exposure to an environmental compound that influenced cancer risk.
For example, the following question seems to me to be of both supreme importance and supreme difficulty: Do living people have any moral obligation to the trillions of potential people who will never have the opportunity to live unless we conceive them?
A > succession of discoveries has taught us about archeabacteria, very ancient and primitive single-cell organisms that live in the places you'd least expect anything to call home.
The vast majority of people, including those who rail against science, owe their very lives to previous medical discoveries.
According to the Guardian , Oxford, which is, after Faber and Faber, the leading publisher of contemporary poetry in Britain, has cut loose its living poets, including such respected figures as Craig Raine and D.J.
As for taxes--I would gladly give half my income to live in a country without desperate poverty and homelessness, with good schools and health care and child care for all who need it, with real environmental protection and good public services, and in which people who work for a living earn enough to live decently, as in this country too many full-time workers do not.
Jews have lived around the rue des Rosiers for centuries, and the rue Ferdinand Duval was known until 1900 as the rue des Juifs.
"Are we where we live or what we think?"
Rockefeller's addiction to living in an expensive realm of his own, for creating his own entourage, ultimately accounted for Gerald Ford's decision to toss Rockefeller overboard and pick Bob Dole as his running mate in 1976 (something that will presumably be discussed in Reich's next book).
Introducing the Salyut 1 space station (a "salute" to Gagarin), the Soviets began a focus on long-term, orbital space living that endures today.
One can live on trains.
Although he is generally considered to be the greatest living American sociologist, surprisingly few people today have heard of him.
But it was Heller's special insight that the ideas and phrases that make the most attractive candidates for Washingtonspeak start out by containing almost no meaning at all . From Good as Gold , here is Bruce Gold, a middle-aged English professor living in Manhattan, being recruited by phone for a Washington job by his friend Ralph Newsome, a chipper White House aide:
One problem, among many, is that most people's living rooms aren't Carnegie Hall; as a result, the music just sounds muddy.
Today, only a handful live here, remaining true to the timeless disciplines of simple living and prayer.
Book -- Monster: Living Off the Big Screen , by John Gregory Dunne;
More inventive than Gordon is the Chinese artist Huang Yong Ping, who was caught abroad during the Tiananmen Square uprising and now lives in Paris.
There were also no differences between the cases and controls in the number of years they have lived in Arizona, and in the reported usual hours spent in the sun.
He probably makes his living by giving lessons.
Meanwhile, however, he is shacked up with a girlfriend he calls the Monkey, who fulfills his sexual fantasies but leaves him living in fear of tabloid scandal.
Those who live in technologically advanced countries and have the financial resources to afford such a luxury: Caucasian men.
No--because man does not live by bread, cars, televisions, or even plumbing alone.
The WP also notes that the woman listed her only asset as $8 in a checking account, and claims her living expenses, including significant international travel, are met by her wealthy mother.
Many single adults live with other nonrelated adults to defray the high cost of city rents.
For example, when they purchased a used car (with cash), they bought it from a man who lived across the street from the Islamic Center and who let them use his address in registering the vehicle, an accommodation "to help a fellow Muslim brother."
7, decided to live dangerously and give specific brands and breweries for Samples A through J. This man was the only panel member whose job does not involve designing Microsoft Word--and the only one to identify two or more of the beers accurately and specifically.
Not only does the evidence point this way, but cells should live near the edge of chaos.
“When we first moved here, a covey of Ruffled Grouch lived right over there in that hedge of Presumption, but no more.
In Genesis 19, for instance, most believers see Lot as a pious man living in the midst of the wicked city of Sodom.
Recent archeological findings show six different cultures lived in the area, with settlements dating back to 300 b.c.
The study and acquisition of foreign languages, living and dead, is both intellectually and practically rewarding.
Who knew that Xers lived in 1974?"
Until Dobbs confronted her with evidence of her ancestry and of the deaths of her relatives in the Holocaust, Albright seems to have lived in a state of willed ignorance, declining to challenge her parents' account of the past.
Demonstrations this winter against Tudjman quickly dissipated (at the time, he was being treated in the United States for cancer--he may not live much longer).
Census Bureau, in spite of its best efforts, cannot locate every poor person living in a census tract, therefore the poor are also undercounted, added Weir.
"Once again, we find barely-scraping-by Manhattanites living in a posh pad" (Matt Roush, USA Today ). (Click here for the Fired Up site.)
To add insult to injury, when A. finally spoke to a "live" person (you will soon see why the word "live" is in quotation marks), he asked to have the $5.
The piece opens with the report's observation that, "About 2.3 billion people, roughly half the population of the developing world, live in places where the AIDS epidemic has barely begun, and even mildly successful prevention programs could have enormous benefits."
The piece details the nightmarish conditions under which children in these borderline institutions live.
I live in Pennsylvania, and during the warmer months I have a habit of not wearing shoes.
Back in his living room, Close promises to continue to do the one thing that everyone concedes Thurmond does well.
Cyrus Sanai replies: I think Rodriguez is out of touch (maybe quite happily) with life as it is lived in the Columbine High Schools of America.
He has lived in Geneva, Nairobi, Cairo, Accra, and New York, among other places.
For live jazz, check out Cotton Club (ul. Zlotników 25) and Jazz Club (Dlugi Targ 39).
Cool Mom would regain that ground--and wreak its own subtle havoc (McGreevey is going through a divorce, and his daughter, 4-year-old Morag, lives in Canada with her mother).
The International Cemetery, established in 1854, is the last resting place of some 4,000 foreigners of 40 different nationalities who lived and died in Yokohama.
If you want to live in a society in which opera continues to exist, you have to decide who should pay for it.
While the United States is a notable part of the world, there are quite a few of us who don't live there, and we consider ourselves to have economic activity.
However, whether Hindu or Buddhist, the people of Nepal live their religion on a daily basis and can be seen worshipping at shrines and temples throughout the day and night.
On Chicanos: "They're dishonest, but … [t]hey don't live like a bunch of dogs, which the Negroes do live like."
Putting aside the fact that both he and the president live on federal property, the Congressional Research Service and a host of other legal scholars said that the law does not apply to phoning from either office.
The heroes of the movie are a man and woman who escape the system with their baby and are going to live like a traditional family.
Since living entities require a continual source of usable energy, we should be able to detect a chemical signature of life in the form of mixtures of redox molecules such as porphyrins, quinones, and flavins that transport electrons along redox gradients between electron donors and acceptors [ 13 ] . We examined methods to extract and detect the components of electron transport chains that might be used to indicate the presence of life on site in extraterrestrial locations.
Initial studies have suggested that elevated rates in white women living in Marin County and the San Francisco Bay Area (SFBA) are generally explained by the higher prevalence of established breast cancer risk factors, including higher levels of education and income, later age at first birth, and nulliparity [ 4 5 ] . Our previous assessment of breast cancer incidence trends in Marin County isolated the rate elevation to women aged 45-64 years at diagnosis [ 6 ] . Community and scientific concern over increasing incidence rates has nevertheless remained high, so detailed surveillance of incidence and mortality rates has continued.
In consequence, because the familiar live by the sweat of our brows means work hard for a living (no longer entailing the sort of physical effort that cause sweating), we are prepared to conclude that the Jan Morris clone means work hard for a living by authorship .
Many of these ex-pats live just a few miles south on the coast, and it is here that two of the Algarve’s most luxurious and exclusive resorts are found.
Increasingly, we now live in a world of dramatic differentiation in pay.
There's even a special section ("Making the Most of It") devoted to the poor, portraying struggling-but-content families, living in a $30-a-month Tennessee mountain shack and in the slums of Rio de Janeiro.
Book -- Release 2.0: A Design for Living in the Digital Age , by Esther Dyson;
(1) Although precise figures must remain elusive, according to the best current estimates a total of 10 to 11 million living slaves crossed the Atlantic Ocean from the sixteenth through the nineteenth century.
This result demonstrates that a Hh-agonist derivative can be covalently crosslinked to Smo in living cells.
Among living hunter-gatherers, he says, most of their calories come from vegetable matter, because bagging game is difficult.
It now boasts Siberia Tiger Park, a large animal preserve where endangered tigers, dodging tourist buses, train to hunt live prey before their release into the wild.
When Keats looks at the painted figures and trees on the Grecian urn (in "Ode on a Grecian Urn"), he is not just happy that these apparitions will never fade, because they are art, and thus permanent; he is happy that they have never had to live, that they are not suffering: "Ah, happy, happy boughs!
I occasionally still see some of these people--two have gotten clean, and two live on and deteriorate, but the other half-dozen faded from view, three because they died, and two of those in circumstances directly related to the more dangerous, harder-assed neighborhoods into which they were swept by Giuliani's quality-of-life campaign, one because he was set on fire.
Pedro and Inês lived a tragic love story that ended with her murder — ordered by Pedro’s father, King Afonso IV.
Moray eels and thousands of angel fish now live among the coral and sponges.
5 million Americans living in households with an income below the poverty level.
If we are Gradgrind-like empiricists, living our life for "welfare maximization" as described in introductory econ. courses, the conclusion is obvious.
' And Cuban friends would say we live donde el diablo dió los tres gritos `where the devil gave three hoots' or simply, `You live in the sticks' “ Vive en las quimbambas !”
In addition, self-help, multilingual computer kiosks have overcome language barriers to help Native Americans living on reservations - and Vietnamese and Spanish immigrants in California - enforce their legal rights without knowing a word of English.
Doesn't that just say everything about the times we live in?
But then an earlier life was revealed: from the 1840s, and in Queensland especially, jackeroo had been used of a white man who lived beyond the bounds of close settlement and had taken on some of the not so savoury connotations of frontiersman.
So no individual article can be criticized for failing to live up to an unattainable standard.
Though he would probably talk of living in Adlestrop he knows that that he gets off the train at Adlestrop.
Man does not live by bread alone
The ravine where they live is named, appropriately, "Los Olvidados"--"the forgotten ones."
Incidentally, at a time when it is suggested that the president is living out his own Wag the Dog difficulties--only it's interns thankfully and not Girl Guides--is it a good idea for Clinton to stage a small war with Albania?
His Web site claims that he will spend the year "living inside the Internet," as if this were some great foray into new and unexplored regions of cyberspace.
Earning a living from tourism here is, to most, more appealing than toiling in the fields.
Chinese literary pilgrims are drawn to another of Chengdu’s historic sites, the thatched cottage of Dufu (Dufucaotang), a shrine, museum, and park at the spot where the poet of the Tang Dynasty lived in exile from the capital for several years.
In the summer of 1992, Holbrooke went to Bosnia as a private citizen, with a refugee aid organization, and saw horrors such as Muslims being driven out of the town of Banja Luka, where their families had lived for four centuries.
It might even be a reasonably accurate metaphor if we lived in a world where the biggest spender always wins.
… An essay contends that the flat tax will become a 21 st -century cause because we live in a "one-click world."
A limited number of tickets to live shows are available.
The LAT front runs a story filed from Pakistan that includes an interview with a man who claims to have lived through the Tomahawk attacks on Afghanistan.
There he lived in tranquil expectation of their first child until one day, a band of Civil War re-enactors stumbled into their yard in search of water.
Times ' "Southern California Living" section, there was a brief review by "fashion experts" of Monica Lewinsky's new handbag enterprise.
On the Guardian 's op-ed page, columnist Polly Toynbee attacked British government policy, saying "it's not body bags the Government fears at the moment, it's live Kosovan bodies swamping our shores."
A living museum of the Art Deco architecture that characterized Los Angeles’s rise to greatness during the 1920s and 1930s, the section of Wilshire between La Brea and Fairfax avenues, known as the “miracle mile,” is slowly being renovated after years of neglect.
After the war, the family returned to Prague and learned, Albright says, that her three living grandparents had died.
8 μm in length [ 29 ] . Filament structures of similar size have also been observed via immunofluorescent microscopic observation of fixed cells [ 30 ] . Examination of live, GFP-myosin II expressing cells with a TIRF microscope (Fig.
' So far I have been unable to find out why but I live in hope.
The fight over Nagorno-Karabakh (and resulting ethnic violence) has left Azerbaijan divided: Virtually no ethnic Azerbaijanis live in the disputed territory, and virtually none of Azerbaijan's ethnic Armenians live outside it.
The United States Census Bureau (1990 data) reports that slightly under 25 percent of the 250 million people living in the United States live in rural areas.
Evidence may in fact suggest, although there is some debate, that exposure of female rhesus monkeys to aroclor 1254 (a mixture of PCB congeners) leads to a reduction in the sex ratio of offspring, possibly contributed to by increased spontaneous abortion of male fetuses [ 28 29 30 ] . Preconception parental estrogen levels have also been hypothesized to affect the sex ratio of live births [ 22 ] , and given the estrogenic and anti-estrogenic actions of different PCB congeners [ 57 58 ] , this could be another mechanism by which parental exposure to PCBs alters the sex ratio.
Lisbon and Porto offer all kinds of live music, theater, bars, and clubs, and resorts along the Algarve are well-stocked with bars and discos.
As historic preservation and adaptive reuse demonstrate, you can shop in a renovated warehouse, do office work in a converted loft, or live in a barn.
Jews' new second-place status in the strivers' hierarchy is most noticeable in places with good public school systems like Westchester County, N.Y., (where I live) and the San Gabriel Valley, outside of Los Angeles.
Later, my distress hit home in a personal way when I discovered than an expectant mother who lived just a few blocks from my house in Marion County - a young, unmarried woman just like Cecilia -- had difficulty obtaining prenatal care.
These animals are transparent and anatomically simple, so cell migrations can be followed in the living animal at all stages of development by fluorescence microscopy of GFP fusion proteins or by Nomarski microscopy.
For live jazz, the best bets are the CD Café Jazz Club (Third Ring Road East) on weekends and the Sanwei Bookstore (60 Fuxingmenwai Dajie) on Friday nights.
THE GIRL SCOUT PROMISE On my honor, I will try To serve god and my country, To help people at all times, And to live by the Girl Scout Law.
They live similar lives, conduct similar courses, and with similar subventions go to similar conferences and give similar papers on every continent (much as David Lodge describes them in Small World ). They are not as tightly knit as other fraternities, past and present (Knights Templar, Freemasons, Jesuits, Mafia, Ancient and Mystical Order of the Rosy Cross, corporate executives of Coca-Cola or Chrysler, or managers of labor unions).
Data show that child Medicaid recipients--who often live in older housing with peeling lead-based paint or contaminated dust--are three times as likely as other kids to have dangerous levels of lead in their blood.
In other words, he lives better losing money on $450 million in sales than he would making money on $200 million.
Buchanan, a former speechwriter for Barry Goldwater, Richard Nixon, and Ronald Reagan, urged his supporters to "save our republic before she disappears into the godless New World Order that the elites are constructing in a betrayal of everything for which our Founding Fathers lived, fought and died."
CBS News, for instance, reportedly just paid $180,000 for the exclusive use of a terrace overlooking the Vatican for live "stand-ups" by Dan Rather and its other anchors.
But you know from your experience living in houses that you might have laid out the kitchen differently, or put the closet somewhere else, or made one room smaller and another larger.
A trial that will probably include live witnesses.
Established in 1922, the zoo was a pioneer in the use of moats, ravines, rocks, and embankments rather than bars and cages, giving the animals as large, free, and natural a living space as possible.
50 a month for a duplex on the Upper East Side that he didn't even live in.
Living With It, Warts and All
The typical depth of the evanescent wave is in the range of 100-200 nm away from the coverslip, which is suitable for exciting cortical GFP-proteins in living D. discoideum cells.
Although he lived until 1912, his practice languished.
The road on which I live, properly Lyons Plain Road , is often called Lyons Plains Road.
An interesting mix of genres (vampire and Western) winds up as a hokey mess: "[T]his gummy mix of fake-Catholic mumbo jumbo and teeth-in-neck horror goes limp" (Lisa Schwarzbaum, Entertainment Weekly ). "[T]he unintended campiness of Vampires makes Night of the Living Dead look like an episode of Nightline " (Michael O'Sullivan, the Washington Post ). But Gene Siskel praises the film, calling it "surprisingly entertaining" ( Chicago Tribune ). (Watch the trailer.)
We have a long history of encouraging non-English speakers living or settling in the United States to give up their first language.
On the corner of Mercaderes and Obispo is the recently renovated, 1920s-era Hotel Ambos Mundos; Hemingway lived on and off in room 511 for a couple of years during the 1930s.
She agreed to marry him out of sympathy, says the publication, believing he wouldn't live more than six months.
I have one objection to "FDA Smoke Rings," by Jack Shafer: The regulation of tobacco doesn't mean that adults are living in a childproof world.
When played live, it has a haunting melody but taverna owners do have the irritating habit of playing it at high decibels through overloaded speakers.
, nematodes) with a false coelom and finally to the bulk of animal phyla having a true coelom (Coelomata) [ 1 2 ] . There has never been complete agreement on animal phylogeny and classification, but most researchers have divided living coelomate animals into deuterostomes (echinoderms, hemichordates, urochordates, cephalochordates, and vertebrates) and protostomes (arthropods, annelids, mollusks, and other phyla) based on differences in early embryonic development.
He says he then suggested that Hazmi and Hanjour travel with him to Connecticut where they could look for a place to live.
Iron is an important nutritional requirement of living cells.
Yet the writing of a review puts a different complexion on the use of a dictionary, and I have often remarked that the most useful, realistic reviews of such works can be written only after one has lived with the subject book for many months, using it all the while.
The President was then living across the street at Blair House, while the White House was being rebuilt.
The Giudecca takes it name either from the Jews (giudei) who lived here prior to the Ghetto’s founding or from the giudicati, nobles banished here by ducal judgment.
In our community, there is a partnership that pulls together every year to meet urgent needs, and helps ensure that central Indiana continues to be a good place to live, work and do business - the partnership between businesses like yours, United Way of Central Indiana, and its family of 82 human service agencies.
It's that we've decided to live with it.
But what is the best collective noun for people who make their living spouting opinions in one medium or another (or, as is increasingly the case, in all of them)?
Appelfeld, a survivor from Czernowitz in Austrian Galicia whose first language was German, now lives in Jerusalem and writes in Hebrew.
In fact, the dynasty (1368–1644) didn’t quite live up to its name.
When asked why he was living so frugally, Shehhi responded that he was living the way the Prophet had lived.
The NYT reports that about 40,000 people, 2% of Utah's total population, live in polygamous families.
On the eastern shore of Houhai Lake, the middle of the three Back Lakes, is the Soong Ching-ling Residence (Song Ching Ling Guzhu), where the famous Soong sister who married Sun Yat-sen lived from 1963 until her death in 1981.
While the mechanisms of heritable variation dier and the selection criteria dier, organisms in the biosphere and firms and individuals in the econosphere are busy trying to make a living and explore new ways of making a living.
Measuring 274 ft (84 m) tall, 103 ft (31 m) around its base and still growing, it’s one of the largest living organisms in the world.
We have come to dedicate a portion of that field as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live.
No doubt Cousy has lived his life properly.
He lives by buying up old ceremonial objects retrieved from synagogues nearly destroyed by the Nazis.
Wealthy enough to have had the means to flee Israel in 1967, they began building villas and buying fancy cars upon their return, provoking resentment among the thousands of Palestinians who have lived for decades in U.N.-run refugee camps.
The similar average ages of first residence and total years lived in Marin for cases and controls do not support (but cannot completely rule out) the hypothesis that there is some agent specific to Marin County, such as a particular water source, that might increase the risk for breast cancer.
The last demo I went to (with this same study group, so clearly we are picking up the wrong leaflets) was the same: tiny, futile gatherings of people who, whatever their ages, are living in l933.
But in the world we live in--or at least in the neighborhood I live in--there are so many interchangeable dry cleaners that none of them should be able to get away with exploiting anyone.
Bean's catalog, the company must charge you sales tax if you live in Maine (or any other state), where it maintains a place of business.
drinking beer, listening to loud music and"--please Shannon, tell us it's not so--"playing games like foosball into the early morning hours inside the house where the Ramseys once lived."
We mean that if you could choose between the two material standards of living, other things being the same , you might well prefer the 12 th percentile standard of 1996 to the 50 th percentile standard of 1950.
Although direct measurements of lysosomal oxidative activity in live cells were not available before the present study, several lines of evidence did point to a regulatory mechanism in phagolysosomes or lysosomes in phagocytes during phagocytosis and oxidative burst.
I live in Tulsa, Okla., and your story "Give It Back to the Injuns" hit the nail right on the head.
The model allows us to focus on the contribution of national saving to output and living standards through the linkage between saving and the capital stock.
They have lived in the Carpathian Basin for a mere 1,100 years — but during that time they’ve had more than their share of suffering.
In an article published in 1975, José Armas describes machismo as a mode of behavior necessary for an individual to live life with integrity, self-reliance, and dignity.
Just as we enjoy a higher living standard today than our grandparents did, future generations of Americans will reasonably expect to enjoy rising standards of living.
There's also Albright's relationship with her Jewish first cousin , who still lives in Prague.
Intel's success under Grove, though, should give pause to advocates of this free-floating, no-manager, no-employee, just-free-agents new economy we're supposedly living in.
1620, promote relative equity in the availability of the full range of client service capacities necessary to meet the full continuum of client legal needs regardless of where in the state clients live?
This rebound is due primarily to increased government saving that has more than made up for the decline in personal saving described in section 1. However, despite this rebound, national saving as a share of GDP is still below the level of the 1960s-an era characterized by high saving and rapid growth in productivity and living standards, defined in terms of GDP per capita.
Readers said they wanted the areas where they spent the most time to have space and light, so McCurry has provided a spacious laundry room, generous hallways, a living room that's small enough to straighten easily but large enough to fit the whole family.
Abraham, the first Jewish Patriarch, led his people here in search of “the land of milk and honey”; Jesus Christ was born, lived, ministered, and died here; and Mohammed, the founder of Islam, visited Jerusalem during his heavenly “Night Journey. ”
The integrationist ideal holds that blacks and whites should live, work, and study together.
The IRA, you might say, already lives in a Hollywood movie, with its noble heroes, amoral enemies, and glorious deaths.
Then my clothes were dryand awfully hot and I held my face to a hot dry towel.I wanted to live--to live enough; but to live all day--the sunburn and the gravitation--but my father was stillreading.
Link or no link, maybe the skeptics will find comfort in that the Simpsons have lived near an unsafe plant for so long without any adverse effects on their health.
In a spot running only in upstate New York--the mayor is particularly popular with those who've never lived where he governs--he touts his economic policies.
Was this just a new and especially venomous version of the ordinary terrorist threat America had lived with for decades, or was it radically new, posing a danger beyond any yet experienced?
New Englanders, even if they do not live in an urban area, can almost always tell you the name of the town that they live in.
For instance, we are told that "foreign policy was secondary [to German unity] in Hitler's intentions," although Hitler saw these aims as inseparable--invoking, in Mein Kampf , Germany's need for "living space" ( lebensraum ) and her "moral right to acquire foreign land and soil."
And in the next chapter we're asked to take it as an established fact that all women, everywhere, since the beginning of time, have lived in fear of entering "The Slut's Dominion."
What Latin America lived since Che launched his slogans was a bloodbath and a wave of destruction and terror.
If more than 24 hours occur between initial suckage and revivification, victim no longer qualifies for living death designation and will be considered conventionally deceased.
It also leaves open the unlikely possibility that the actions will indeed live up to the noises.
As of this summer, there's no need to schlep out to the country just to stock up on bugs: A pair of live horned beetles can be purchased from a vending machine for around $3.
The people of Borba make their living from extracting marble from quarries, as well as producing fine red and white wines.
And what better place to locate this new enterprise than Brussels, which may be a living preview of the Europe to come: swathed in red tape and pomp, paralyzed by constituency politics, declining at great cost.
Prudie, too, has lived through this a few times.
These are the background assumptions by which we live.
A sidebar notes that controversy remains over the Mars meteorite that crashed into Antarctica about 11,000 years ago: While scientists have demolished most of the evidence that the meteorite contained living creatures, they cannot explain why the meteorite contains a molecule that on Earth is only produced by biological processes.
Most people living outside the farming states--Today's Papers included--enjoy a good laugh every four years when presidential candidates go to Iowa and become disciples of farm subsidies.
The issue manages to tear itself away from the lives of the rich and famous only once: An article chronicles the miserable lives of California's "ghosts," the Mexican illegals who live in shacks outside San Diego.
The statement ends on a constitutional note: "You live in America.
The `climbing rope' is the active or live rope . Coming from the rear of a climber's harness it is a back rope ; fixed at chest level to give the climber a rest it is a cow's tail .
"He lives with the animals, takes on their behavior, becomes one of them," says Gooding, seemingly on the verge of a chorus from Doctor Dolittle (1967).
The legal problems faced by people living in poverty can result in particularly serious, long-term consequences for children.
They're ill-suited to living indoors.
Since we live in an Age of Information, I'll "bullet point" them for easier retrieval:
Varying habitat size affects species and communities living in small aquatic habitats, and many of these species appear to be flexible in their choice of habitat [ 16 23 24 25 ] . However, we need to be able to distinguish between fundamental effects of scale, that is, how habitats of different size affect growth and survival of individual C. pipiens, and artifacts caused by scaling, which may be determined as much by experimental design as by actual differences in habitat scale [ 3 ] . Vertical, or wall, surface area is thought to be the source of artifacts in micro- and mesocosm experiments that are scaled down from actual habitat size and artificially enclose the system in question [ 3 ] . Wall area is an artifact, because as microcosms are scaled down wall area per unit volume increases, which may affect composition of the microbial community and increase dominance of periphyton [ 3 ] . Determining the source of effects is critical for understanding the ecology of scaling and for how microcosm design affects experimental outcomes.
But a more accurate way of looking at them is to see that investors are thinking hard about what news means for a company's future earning prospects and are not interested in rewarding companies that fail to live up to expectations.
This series, and several others, amply support my claim that U.S. living standards have been declining in the last two decades, and refute Krugman's claim that First- and Third World wages are converging "through a process of leveling up, not leveling down."
Rua Imperatriz Dona Amélia (behind the Savoy hotel) has a number of restaurants and bars, including Prince Albert, an English pub, and Salsa Latina (Rua Imperatriz Dona Amélia, 101; Tel. 291/225 182), which has live music.
There is also a furnished “showhouse” palheiro (not always open) next to the O Colmo restaurant, where you can see the extremely confined living space.
I pronounced scone to rhyme with John , and I was upset a little when the waitress brought it to me and said, in a pleasant English accent, “Your scone sir,” rhyming it with Joan . I wondered if I should switch to the Joan-pronunciation now that I am living in veddy English Victoria.
7. Giant formed from condensed fog who lived on Adhumbla's milk
The settlement of Pirates Well harks back to the days when it was a safe outpost for ruthless gangs, but today’s population makes a living from fishing and farming.
She now lives in Notting Hill but has gone into hiding since the Belgian press descended on the fashionable west London district this week.
The success of Squawk Box on CNBC--the top-rated business show, which has real live managers as daily co-hosts--tells us this.
Maybe lime green was a big mistake, but it's his mistake to live with.
All my friends who had grown up in the organic New York suburbs had, at some point around age 14, taken a blood oath never ever to live in the suburbs as adults.
Of all the areas of the Southwest where Chicanos have settled and lived, it is New Mexico’s culture and folklore that has been historically studied the most.
In a few pages, Wolfe lets us know that Vietnamese immigrants live packed into tiny apartments and take odious jobs in chicken processing plants that white and black Atlantans both spurn.
And there are vast numbers of educated people who can now free themselves from the hegemony of the old "epicenters" to live the life they want without sacrificing their participation in the global economy.
The PA has no jurisdiction over the more than 150,000 Jewish settlers living throughout the two territories.
Barcelona’s collection is the largest outside Paris, where Picasso lived and became an international superstar after leaving Barcelona.
At the Chinese Ethnic Culture Park (Beichan Lu, on the Fourth Ring Road) costumed representatives of China’s 55 minorities live in model villages and put on cultural performances.
This story about a group of English and American ladies living in 1930s Florence--sort of an "Enchanted Fascist April" (Lisa Schwarzbaum, Entertainment Weekly )--receives tepid reviews.
They said they were living in an apartment near the restaurant but did not specify the address.
In addition, the majority were married (or living with a partner), Caucasian, had completed a college, university or post-graduate degree and reported a total household income of $41,000 (CDN) / year or greater.
Doubling GDP per capita every 35 years represents a way to gauge whether future generations will enjoy a rise in living standards comparable to that enjoyed by previous generations.
In areas along the Mexico-United States border, it is common for lawful permanent resident aliens to live in Mexico and work in the United States.
He spent five months in the German army before obtaining a medical discharge, and lived with Atta and Binalshibh at 54 Marienstrasse for eight months between November 1998 and July 1999.
They live very well in material terms, but they judge themselves relative to their reference group, and so they feel deprived.
Boat building and sugar production used to be the main ways the inhabitants earned a living; rum production also made the town popular with Americans during Prohibition.
There is room in the human heart for remembering the dead and living with the living.
Most reassuring, my father would tell me that my family and I could always come to Washington, D.C., and live quietly, keeping him company, for which not a lot of money was required.
You said you had lunch in Pittsfield, was it on North Street?That reminds me of when we lived on the farm.It must be eighty years ago.We went to a one-room school house, didn't you drive past it once?Each row was a different grade.I sat in the first seat of the first row.The teacher's name was Miss Brown.She was so pretty.I wonder if she's still alive.The day before we left the farm our cat disappeared.We couldn't find her anywhere.I was sad for weeks.Three months later she showed up at our new house in Pittsfield.Robbins Avenue.I can't think of the number now.My sister was in New York.She didn't like the people she was living with so she'd visit us.She fell in love with the young man who lived next door.Maurice.Your uncle Maurice.They got married and moved to Cleveland.They're both gone now, aren't they?You know, I can't picture her.A few years later we moved to New York.This just jumped into my mind: I must have been three years old.We were still in Russia.Mir.A small town, but famous for its Yeshiva.My oldest brother--Joe--took our horses down to the river.They were the two best horses in the town.My father had a phaeton.A beautiful old buggy.He was like a taxi driver, he took people to Minsk.Or Vilna.That day he was at the station.The passenger station, waiting for customers.My brother was still just a kid.He must have been washing the horses in the river.I can remember--it was a hot day.Maybe he was giving them a drink.And while I was watching the reins got caught around a pole in the river.The horses kept twisting the reins around that pole.It was slippery, the reins kept sliding down under the water and they were pulling the horses down with them.I ran into town and got my father who came running back with a knife in his teeth.He jumped into the river with all his clothes on.He took the knife and sawed away at the reins until he finally cut through.He saved the horses.I haven't thought about this in a thousand years.It's like a dream: you get up it's forgotten.Then it all comes back.Didn't I ever tell you?Look at me, I'm starting to cry.What's there to cry about?Such an old, old memory, why should it make me cry?
The problem, it said, is a wider one "to do with the increasing solipsism of the world in which our teenagers live."
Perhaps because Jerusalem was in neutral territory not allotted to any of the twelve rival tribes of Israel, David made it the capital of his newly formed kingdom and brought the most talented artisans, dedicated priests, magical poets and musicians, and the most formidable soldiers from each of the tribes to live in his city.
And the narrator can't dispute this, because what the woman feels when she is in love would be, for a hardboiled man, a living hell: “Love you?”
Its speakers live in a linguistically complex society, a mosaic of languages from around the world in Montreal, dominated everywhere by speakers of standard French and of Joual (from cheval ), the 17th-century Norman and Poitou dialect that is the folk speech of the province.
"I live on the Net," writes Dyson--and it shows.
In his "Diary," Joe Queenan describes the editors and reporters at the local Gannett-owned paper he reads: "Having persuaded themselves that they are living and working in rural Mississippi--which is where they all belong--the staff always seems amazed to find that people like Ivan Boesky, Carl Icahn, Mariah Carey, or David Letterman actually live in the same county as them."
When there isn't a lot to be had, I'm very good at praising moderation; But when there's something better and richer offered, Why then I'm very good at praising how You rich men live and dine in your splendid houses.
Living the Greek Way
Sonny leans into the window, places his hand on the shoulder of a young man with gelid eyes and blood trickling from one ear, and exhorts him to live , live . He says that there are angels in the car, that the young man has nothing to fear if he accepts Jesus Christ as his savior--and, miraculously, the young man manages to thank him.
Feral cats in poor neighborhoods like mine spread diseases, and their large number can make you feel you're living in a litter box.
Yet few of us hear enough about kids who live through these adversities and do make the grade.
The most lives seem to have been lived by Eldridge Cleaver, who spent his years as a convicted criminal, a Muslim, a Black Panther, a presidential candidate, a Moonie, a Mormon, and a conservative Republican.
It's certainly better than living in a society that allows money to entice people to convert their own health into a commodity.
The "recklessness" spin, fueled by talk radio and the Internet, says the Kennedys seek "adventure," "live close to the edge," are "wild" and "addicted to risk," and have a "dangerous streak."
"I could not live with myself if I caused trouble," she told Tripp that fateful day a year ago at the Pentagon City Ritz-Carlton, shortly before Kenneth Starr's boys showed up to make her immortal.
He was educated here, he loves living here--and, according to an aide, he'll probably retire here.
Obviously, one must be careful: few people would want to have to say that they live on Hyena Highway or Anteater Avenue or Vulture Drive; but Coyote Canyon Drive offers some alliteration, Chipmunk Way sounds cute, and who could object to Raccoon Road?
18 Sunrise Boulevard --A young screenwriter (James Dean) falls under the spell of a disturbingly sexually precocious child movie star (Shirley Temple) who lives alone in her Hollywood mansion with a dead monkey and an ancient tap-dancing Negro butler.
This assumption seems intuitively right--we no longer live in a print culture, right?
He's living off unemployment, and that's going to run out soon.
The broader reason is that Brill has had the temerity to breach the inky wall of silence that largely protects reporters from being subject to the same rules of exposure they expect everyone else to live by.
Some of their predecessors — Renoir, van Gogh, and Gauguin — once lived and worked just north of place du Tertre in rue Cortot, rue de l’Abreuvoir, and rue St-Rustique.
I've lived, for instance, in Austin, Texas, Boston, and Washington, D.C., as well as Northampton.
Museum --Museum of Jewish Heritage: A Living Memorial to the Holocaust.
Something like that is true for the living also.
The city is where the real players live.
A maze of alleys crammed with stalls, Qingping offers up acres of herbs, spices, jade, antiques, memorabilia, goldfish, songbirds, and a sometimes nightmarish display of live animals destined for the kitchen, including dogs, cats, and rare species.
After having lived in Hong Kong for five years, I was shocked upon my recent arrival in New York.
I told him that, in my humble opinion, the advent of voice mail and the disappearance of live operators meant longer waits on the telephone for help.
It's amazing to live in a world where that number doesn't make the front page.
We are conceived in one value and live anchored to another proposition, not yet instantiated in our daily practices.
Unfortunately, Rembrandt was not able to live out his life in his home.
Residents who complained of adverse effects lived within approximately 1 km of the treated fields.
This, I regret to say, is the best reconstruction I can offer for a view that never seems to get articulated; namely, why we should pay so much attention to the wishes and desires of the agents who bequeathed to us the words we live by.
Certainly it’s a town for that most Parisian of creatures, the flâneur, or stroller, wandering at leisure through narrow back streets, paying due homage to the monuments of Québec City’s past triumphs and tribulations, but even more alert to the colors and smells of the living present.
Washington would learn to live with the missiles, Khrushchev figured, just as Moscow lived with NATO's nuclear missiles on its Turkish frontier.
The Sea-Monkey Aquarium Watch is a tidal wave of fun with real live sea-creatures that live two years with only minimal care!
I honestly believe that if Reagan and Gorbachev had not come to power when they did--if Brezhnev had lived, and if Carter had served a second term, and Mondale and Dukakis had succeeded him--the Soviet empire would be intact today.
I expected far more in the way of exhibitions, TV shows, special editions of magazines, polls commissioned on "who were the most significant figures of the past 1,000 years," and so on, particularly given the enormous interest in history that is demonstrated by things like the success of the History Channel (history as a living presence, in the living room).
Book -- Monster: Living Off the Big Screen , by John Gregory Dunne;
Finally, stores with local outlets must charge sales tax on shipped items; Amazon does not (unless you live in Washington state).
The family had lived in the southwest German province of Swabia for centuries, and believed itself to be descended from the Hohenstaufen dynasty, whose lineage included the Holy Roman emperors Frederick Barbarossa and Frederick II.
or "Long live hallowed Germany!"
Rather, the Thernstroms shift attention to liberals who criticized these actions but didn't themselves live in the contested neighborhoods.
Living Out Loud
There's an old man who lives nearby, a fanatical member of the local hunting fraternity.
And the people at the top of those heaps, earning plenty to live comfortably, honestly wouldn't trade being, say, curator of dinosaurs at the Museum of Natural History for being just another multimillionaire investment banker.
her living "far away," etc., and you would be thrilled if she were able to stand up for you.
The cover story worries that earlier retirement and reduced birthrates in the West will contract the labor force and reduce living standards.
They have been together many years, living together for the last three.
R: Evil did I dwell, lewd I did live .
Long live the lapidary art of epigramming!
At St. Elizabeth's home, Cecilia received a place to live until her baby was born.
A handful of Jewish families still live in the Ghetto.
Indian tribes including the Siboney from Central and South America had lived on the island since at least 1000 b.c.
Set in lovely grounds, the château used to be the home of Napoléon’s wife, Josephine, who continued to live here after their divorce.
They lived in thatched houses, hunted and farmed, and worked ceramics and textiles with great skill.
The small populations here live a slower, more traditional life, and the headlong rush to get there yesterday, which you’ll experience in some of the cities and towns of Puerto Rico, doesn’t seem to exist here at all.
The editorial declares that "History will smile on these Republicans; they may never live a nobler moment."
Ramón’s girlfriend, Rosita, also disappears at the time of his death, and only after her death, thirty years later, is it revealed that she had been living the life of a man.
However, we live in America, a country that was built on individualism.
The writer Henry Miller made his home here during the 1950s and 60s, and communities of artists continue to live in cabins in the woods and canyons.
The prefecture puts its bureaucrats in the fine Renaissance Palazzo Corner (or Ca’ Grande), while gondoliers claim Othello’s Desdemona lived in the lovely late-Gothic Palazzo Contarini-Fasan.
In some communities (though not the rich Long Island ones where judges live), a prison term has become almost a rite of passage, something that young men do.
But the fact is neither man can live forever.
Mike Huckabee, who is quoted as saying of Rudy G.: "He's never been here before, he's never worked here, he's never lived here.
The Kurds, descendants of Indo-European nomads, call this region Kurdistan , and have lived there at least 2,000 years.
That seems to me to be a sensible approach, since the only way properly to investigate a surname is to go back through the male line as far as possible, noting the various spellings of the name, where the family was living in past centuries, and so on.
It has virtually every kind of nightlife diversion, from cool cabarets to live jazz, rock, flamenco, and world beat to opera, and a thriving bar and disco scene.
I live in the East building of the Watergate complex, and she lives in the South building.
Fishing is the main way people make a living here — between mangrove outcrops are many small shacks with boats tied up to rickety wooden jetties.
Nearby is the Old Yishuv Court Museum, where you can experience something of 19th-century Jewish life in the city through restored living quarters, kitchens, and prayer areas.
As one of only a few zoos in the country that receives no local, state, or federal tax support IZS must depend on donations for general operating funds from corporations like yours that are committed to the extension of compassion toward all living things.
I had been invited by a woman who has lived in Los Angeles for almost 20 years and is now a noted Hollywood anthropologist.
The best, "Seasons of Love," [LINK TO AUDIO CLIP] affects the same ensemble solidarity as "What I Did for Love" in A Chorus Line . [LINK TO AUDIO CLIP]Both can find no better use for the pop ballad than as group therapy--one for those suffering the vicissitudes of life as a chorus gypsy, the other for those "living in the shadow of AIDS."
She has been living with a musician for nine years.
Not to live well, of course, but the problem of dependency has never been about people living well.
Towards the end of the first millennium the land we now call the Netherlands was ruled by a number of feudal lords — assorted counts, dukes, and bishops who had total power over the land and the people who lived on it.
Anne wrote a diary which paints a clear and terrifying picture of the life the family lived.
We live in an increasingly inter-dependent world.
Those of us who write screenplays for a living are always perplexed at what leaky logic vessels most movies turn out to be, given the endless development process that takes place before production begins.
The belle époque Hotel Bela Vista is a living monument from those days.
This landscape is no accident or happy coincidence but a living museum created in 1960, which has brought together a number of farmhouses, windmills, dairies, and barns — real agricultural buildings which would have been demolished had they not been relocated here.
While this may seem unusual to anyone living in the suburbs, I feel both blessed and liberated not being the family chauffeur.
Minimum levels of investment in a nation's physical and human capital are crucial just to maintain labor productivity and living standards.
Several handsome villas and loggias still attest to their gracious style of living.
Exhibits also show how horrendous were the living conditions endured by her crew of 450.
He wanted, he told me--this man's career is based on deep thinking and he lives in amorous harmony with a woman--to look like a gay weight lifter.
When the family lived in New York, Ellison says, her father got the whole family involved in the New York City Mission Society, passing on the exclusive summer camps to send his children to the society's camp for inner-city kids.
Since in vitro translation may not always accurately reflect the in vivo conditions, we chosed to perform such analyses in living mouse cells.
Due to horizontal gene transfer even organisms from different domains living in the same or similar environments share more genes with each other than organisms with a similar degree of divergence that live in different environments.
Of course, it would be nice if we lived in a country where the political parties were not allowed to take half-a-million-dollar contributions from anyone.
We must therefore learn to live with panic; that is to say--to use a fashionable Silicon Valley metaphor--learn to 'surf on an avalanche,' " Attali wrote.
The prototype of the rascuache character was Pito Perez, the protagonist of the novel La Vida Inútil de Perez (The Futile Life of Pito Perez) by Jose Ruben Romero, first published in 1938 and reprinted many times, most recently in 1993; and also Don Chipote of Las Aventuras de Don Chipote written by Daniel Venegas in 1928, a journalist who lived in Los Angeles.
Then there's welfare reform, whose two basic assumptions are that endless work at wages too meager to live on is morally uplifting and that single mothers are causing all of society's problems.
Quoting "her friend and confidant" Sir Ian McKellen, the Oscar-nominated actor, the paper said she was going to live there because the press and public are more sympathetic toward her in Britain.
The Pentagon, says the Journal , feels it can live with the Saudi policy of not allowing U.S. bombers to base there, but still allowing other U.S. combat support aircraft to do so.
The concept of a universal service obligation may really mean more frequent delivery than economically warranted for households living on unprofitable routes.
One of the students wrote: "If there was one question I would like to ask the people who live in these neotraditional communities, it would be: What would it take to make you move?"
People who live in Dinkytown and Nebish , Minnesota, Embarrass , Minnesota and Wisconsin, or in Wartburg , Tennessee, ought to consider twinning with Braggadocio , Missouri, and O.K ., Kentucky.
Although the Rules Girl is anything but Everywoman, the world depicted in the book is unfortunately the one in which millions of single men and women live: a corporatized and highly competitive world of office jobs and aerobics classes, personal ads, nose jobs and diets, singles dances, self-help seminars, and spiritual fads.
Just as we enjoy a higher living standard today than our grandparents did, future generations of Americans will reasonably expect to enjoy rising standards of living.
Whether they can extend the prohibition against killing to all living creatures, as some exemplary spiritual leaders have done, depends on their moral evolution.
It can safely be said that Powell lived to write; her art, so rich in its laughter (even in some passages of her saddest books), buoyed her up.
"When I get too jaded by living in the city, I always find it refreshing to visit John Deere, where I realize I can't identify half the implements featured on the page."
On the other hand, how many people are there in Oregon who would like to die but have to go on living because they can't scrape together $49.
Don't get me wrong--I think that what these people do for a living is slimy.
Dynamic localization of GFP-myosin II and GFP-MHCK-C in the cortex of living D. discoideumcells
Our study has demonstrated that relatively small degrees of loss of cognitive skills in patients at the mild-to-moderate stages of the disease leads to an increased risk of losing the ability to live independently.
One missionary, who for years had lived and worked in a city on the north coast, told us of one enormous mistake made for just that reason.
One of the few sparks of interest was a question about whether Clinton, if he didn't live in the White House, would put aside food for a possible Y2K catastrophe.
When an individual delays retirement saving, that individual enjoys the additional consumption in the early years and then personally bears the burden of saving larger amounts later, working longer, or accepting a lower standard of living in retirement.
In a refreshing departure from the conventionally dry and scholarly displays of antiquities, the captions on the showcases do a fine job of placing the exhibits in a living context — explaining, for instance, the way a house was designed to deal with the changing elements and seasons, or the religious significance of the figurines that people the tomb.
Self's hero, Simon Dykes, starts out as a successful but disillusioned painter living in contemporary London.
According to INS estimates, 300,000 illegal immigrants come to the United States each year, and there were 5 million illegal immigrants living in the country in 1996.
At the International Center we are proud to welcome newcomers to our city whether they come to live with us or to learn from us.
An editorial laments India's failure to live up to its geopolitical potential.
At the same time, the paper said, Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika "must concentrate his efforts on removing one of the primary causes of popular discontent and strife, namely, economic mismanagement which has led to a high unemployment rate and declining living standards."
For this analysis, we disaggregated benefits based on the state of origin of visitors, reflecting the notion that many of the recreational sites with the highest visitation rates are valued by individuals throughout the country, not only by those individuals who live closest to the site.
Glenn has spent 36 years protecting the five hours of his life he spent in space, 36 years living up to an impossibly heroic image.
Everybody who earns it and spends it every day in order to live knows that money is money, everybody who votes it to be gathered in as taxes knows money is not money.
One way of dealing with the logistic challenges inherent in genetic studies is to collect cases from an isolated population, such as Iceland [ 79 ] . However this approach requires an integrated health care database not easily applicable within the US health care model, and the required community consent is probably not possible within the US legal/ethical framework [ 80 81 ] . Logistic difficulties have been mitigated by the steady evolution in multicentered clinical trials that has occurred in the field of stroke research [ 82 ] . SWISS is designed as a multicenter clinical trial, and the use of a nationwide home health agency for phlebotomy service enables us to obtain blood from siblings living far away from one another.
This may totally louse up the living situation, so be prepared.
You cannot live like this and needn't tolerate his in-your-face behavior.
The parade will be broadcast live on the Internet at www.china10k.com .
He urged Christians to pursue a kinder, gentler mission: "What we need are people who live out their faith in every walk of life, in politics, but also working in crisis pregnancy centers, drug treatment programs, and homeless shelters.
Starting out from Summerside, this 288-km (173-mile) western circuit around Prince County, named after the provincial flower, takes you through the Acadian community (close to 15,000) living on the south coast around Egmont Bay.
Dempsey said most of the tenants who filed suits still live at the apartment complex, although many are trying to find homes elsewhere.
The vast stretches of salt marshes are fascinating, with many animals living along the edge of the grassland adjoining them.
After all, we live , as all smokers realize, in an age of goody-goody moralism.
A sensitive, old-fashioned youth, failing to survive in the hurlyburly of English popular music, eking out a living crooning sentimental nostalgia to elderly matrons on the European night club circuit.
It was a thoughtful, beautifully written meditation on the differences between a real-life community and a virtual community--a meditation provoked by the death of her father, who lived in Williamsburg, Mass., right up the road from me.
Joseph's relentless visits to the library, Ruth's relentless visits to the bathroom scale and, in her mind's eye, to the meals she has eaten that day--Rosen records just how tedious, how paradoxically soul-entrapping, it can be to live and to ponder the anorexic urge to escape the body.
She has learned how to evade her past, like Maria Wyeth in Play It As It Lays (1970) and Charlotte Douglas in A Book of Common Prayer (1977), who cope with crisis by living only "in the now," never risking "the backward glance."
"Anyone who has spent a few years living in the United States has experienced at first hand what it is like to be in a TRULY free country.
Thus far, in other words, as the realm of information has gotten more lubricated, it has become easier , not harder, to make a living by generating information.
But we now live in the least ideological period in recent memory.
His common-law wife is Clarissa Mellon, a beautiful Keats scholar with whom he lives in North London.
The only human residents here are the fishermen living in what look like very ramshackle huts, albeit with 4-wheel drive vehicles and TV antennas on display.
Soon there will be an addition to this happy family, when Jackson's wife, Debbie, who lives apart from her husband and son, gives birth to their second child.
Their descendants still live there today.
Living in France in the summer of 1939, she rejected the opinion of well-informed people that war was imminent.
It would certainly save money not to deliver mail to scores of isolated native villages that can only be reached by air, but the natives hardly intend to apologize for living in their ancestral communities.
Although we've lived in a new apartment for over four months now, my parents-in-law have failed to visit, even for a quick look-see (despite a welcome mat that is always unfurled for them).
The Long Run of Living Dangerously
How very nice that you have been stabilized and feel as though you are living a new life.
The hysterical part is watching Spade's character actually accomplish his mission with the aid and encouragement of several dozen strangers--all men who are desperate to help Finch live out "Every Man's Fantasy."
Earlier this week, a freshman at Yale, a religious Jew, wrote an NYT op-ed complaining that the casual sex atmosphere of the coed dorms Yale is requiring him to live in meant Yale was forcing him to violate his religious principles.
The two live together in a suspiciously well-decorated castle on a lake outside Celesteville.
He's right; it would be absurd for people living in 16 th century conditions to eat less well so that people living in 20 th century conditions could afford an even more extravagant lifestyle.
But recently I have noticed that many of my wealthier acquaintances, people who live in tonier suburbs like Potomac, Md., or Darien, Conn., are bucking the trend toward smaller families.
The more "Republicans persist in demanding live witnesses and demanding more depositions and demanding extralegal devices, like findings of fact," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D., "the more it becomes a Republican trial."
Comart, who lives in Readfield, is based in the agency's Augusta office, a short walk from Augusta District Court and Kennebec County Superior Court.
The first responders of today live in a world transformed by the attacks on 9/11.
The Washington Post big print stresses the likelihood of live testimony, particularly that of Monica Lewinsky.
A key distinction between recreational and residential benefits is that only those people living in residential areas are assumed to receive benefits from residential visibility, while all households in the U.S. are assumed to derive some benefit from improvements in Class I areas.
Book -- Release 2.0: A Design for Living in the Digital Age , by Esther Dyson;
Of the Hispanics living in these states, 64 percent (concentrated in the Southwest) trace their roots to Mexico; 15 percent (relatively evenly distributed) to Central and South America; 10 percent (concentrated in New York) to Puerto Rico, and 5 percent (concentrated in Florida) to Cuba.
The two-hour Saturday morning show airs live, usually from a 175-seat classroom at the University of Wisconsin (in Madison, where Feldman attended college and now lives with his wife and two young daughters).
Warner wrote a series of stories--I think, but I'm not sure, that a lot of them were published in The New Yorker in the '70s--about communities of fairies living in various countries.
An old and trusted friend, "Jane," who lives in Los Angeles and works in television suggested I send her the manuscript of a novel I wrote because she had a friend who knows an agent who was looking for works by women about women.
The balance practice law throughout the country and live in 48 different states.
Many of the inhabitants live — by choice, not necessarily through economic hardship — on the water, aboard houseboats or in houses on stilts in the main creek.
Granted, I live in New York, but my many Democratic friends are all backing Bradley.
Now that's a living object stilled.
After returning from a trip home to Lebanon, Jarrah started living more strictly according to the Koran.
The sex ratio of live births could be affected as a result of post-conception effects of PCBs.
Reflect also on 5-year-old Seth Jackson-Mack's chances to live an ordinary life.
Witness, for the taxonomic division of living things, “ King Phi lip C ame O ver F or G ene's Special Variety ” (kingdom, phylum, class, order, family, genus, species, variety).
Quindlen, a board member of the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League, had no plans to discuss abortion in her address--"I would have talked about the sheer pleasure of living," she told the Philadelphia Inquirer . She added that she didn't want to divert attention from the students on their graduation day.
Calling the Kosovars "ethnic Albanians" makes it sound as if they are really Albanians, though they have lived in Kosovo for over 500 years.
The argument is that Europe's eastern Jews have no connection to the Jews of the Bible, but are all descended from the Khazars, a once-powerful Turkic people who lived near the Caspian Sea and who are known to have converted to Judaism in the eighth century.
This also restricts the possibility of extrapolating the descriptive findings to populations where many inhabitants live in the rural areas, although data on exclusive breastfeeding from the present study correlate well with data from the whole of Bolivia (data from Bolivian Demographic and Health Enquiry) [ 16 ] (Exclusively breastfed: infants ≤ 1 month: 61% (JFL: 64); 2-3 months: 48% (JFL: 37); 4-5 months: 27% (JFL: 27); 6-7 months: 5.2% (JFL: 11); 8-9 months: 2.8% (JFL: 0); and 10-11 months: 0% (JFL: 3.1).
So don't make me out to be some kind of right-winger just because I voted for Giuliani and never much liked Bill Clinton and don't live on the Upper West Side.
He even lived "in an edgy warehouse district."
He actually lived fairly long but was eventually captured, tried, and hanged at the age of forty.
What the narrator does not say is that one fourth of all New Yorkers live below the poverty line, a number that has not improved under this mayor, even after nine years of economic expansion.
Or "even to think about" it, as Newsday 's Elaine S. Povich wrote Aug. 12, "because to do so would unearth the demons that he has lived with--and mostly hidden from the public--for the majority of his 73 years."
Time 's eight page package regrets that Sinatra didn't die as he lived: fighting.
Why do some people still think we should follow the ignorant ideas of mostly illiterate sheepherders who lived 2,000 or more years ago?
Bradley's "Washington bunker" line seemed particularly annoying from someone who spent 18 years in the Senate and now wants to live in ...
She hears the sum offered for the factory and refuses to allow Bunt's concern about the future of the business or his burgeoning romance with Mei-ping to stand in the way of her plan to return to England and live in comfortable solitude with him.
And when he wasn't Able to wangle an invitation he lived On dishes of cheap gray lamb, inveighing against Gluttons and prodigals, saying they ought to be branded.
A second, less appealing, possibility is that a GshA gene was present in the last common ancestor and was subsequently lost from many organisms, primarily those that live under anaerobic conditions.
In addition to the two measures of cognitive functioning, age, gender, time since onset of cognitive problems, use of antipsychotic medication, presence of extrapyramidal symptoms, and living situation were considered as potential predictors.
I think it's an excellent dramatization of the weird state of knowing-and-not-knowing that mob kids are forced to live in.
When families live together for generations in the same town and valley, especially when these communities have been forced to pull together in times of hardship, a strong feeling of community is created, as has been the case throughout the history of this rugged territory.
(When Vanity Fair published an excerpt of A Beautiful Mind , Nash probably became the only person ever featured in that magazine to live in a house clad in "insulbrick."
Coptic Christians founded an expansive community for prayer and contemplation here in the fourth century a.d. when many monks chose to live their lives as hermits.
My mother-in-law, who lives in Schumer's congressional district and always votes for him, says she's thinking of supporting D'Amato this year: "He's a sleaze.
He lived with a friend ...
Also on the Davos forum, the Russian daily Sevodnya published an article Monday by Mikhail Berger, under the headline "No Recovery for Russia," saying that "Russia, unfortunately, lived up once again to its reputation as a country which has failed to build capitalism and does not pay its debts."
: Fear of something worse around the corner persuades the administration to live with known evils.
Also, the WP leaves to the very last paragraph of the story this fact: "Family structure remains a critical predictor of who will live in poverty, with rates among single mothers dramatically higher, at 32.
The AIDS Project provides legal assistance for people living with HIV or AIDS.
Finally, the capital has a growing number of late-night spots (some with live pop music) and discos that welcome foreign visitors.
among the truths we live by.”
In many respects, in fact, it is the more cosmopolitan city, preferred by many residents of the greater metropolitan area as a place to live and work.
Now I'm well aware that it's Tina Brown's world and the rest of us are just living in it, but really, folks, enough's enough.
"Fraygrants," as regular participants call themselves, live all over the world and conduct energetic discussions of everything under the sun.
The term live performance gained currency some time after Edison's inventions.
They end by expressing the hope that we can "be a society that makes good on the fundamental promise of the American tradition: the opportunity for everyone, not just the lucky ones, to live a satisfying life."
In discussing a time when black men and women with an intellectual vocation were deprived of the chance to make a living through the pen, there is a case for looking in American black life for the places to which those thwarted thinkers diverted their energies.
He still inhabited his own liminal realm--a Yiddish writer living in America, an American writer creating fiction in Yiddish.
During his stint as governor of the island, Zarco is believed to have lived a short distance up Calçada do Pico, in the Quinta das Cruzes.
The Los Angeles Times and New York Times lead with (and the Wall Street Journal tops its front-page world-wide news box with) yesterday's wide-ranging law enforcement action on the trail of the Algerian terrorist group implicated in that bomb-smuggling arrest in Washington state two weeks ago, action that netted a number of arrests in different cities, including one of an Algerian living in Brooklyn who had recently traveled to Seattle.
Darger spent nearly all his life living alone in a rented room in Chicago, earning his living as a janitor in a hospital during the day, going to Mass frequently, and coming home at night to work on his paintings and his writing.
It's as if someone purposely disturbedthis: a brook runs loud in spring, you live herewith a boy who builds paper castles.
(And I, for one, am proud to live in a country with 46 categories of sex, most of which Orrin Hatch objects to, but he's history, so the hell with him.)
(He was never sure how someone who hated houseplants as much as he did could end up with a living room so full of plants each winter that it was impossible to walk or sit anywhere without being poked.)
We want them to live out their dreams, empowered with the tools they need to make the most of their lives and to build a future where America remains the world's beacon of hope and freedom and opportunity.
The author of this feature, Scott Shuger, lives in Los Angeles.
It isn't often that you actually get a look at corporate life as it's actually lived from the inside.
A favorite is using the present participle as a noun ( parking any parking facility; dancing dancing hall; camping camp site; planning budget or plan of action; mailing batch of junk mail; living living room).
This tendency for descendants of immigrants to take a harder line on nationalistic issues than the folks still living back in the old country is not, of course, peculiar to Irish-Americans.
(For a less sanguine view of the potential benefits of telecommunications competition, see Jodie T. Allen's "Living in a Second-Best World."
There is not much data on the reliability of the "last live birth" entry on the birth certificate, but 2 U.S. reports have found birth certificate data on birth order to be extremely good, with concordance rates with medical records of greater than 97% [ 43 44 ] . In addition, in our data every child who we knew from the mother was not a first child did have an entry under "last live birth" on their birth certificate.
These regulations exist for the benefit of those who live downstream from the factory and the children who would otherwise be working inside it.
And as the European Union matures, Europeans are taking advantage of opportunities to live and work in different countries.
Puerto Vallarta is making a name for itself with its vast selection of live music.
The building stands in the heart of a living museum of Malla dynasty architecture.
This is a company that: 1) has been a consistent money loser for almost its entire existence; 2) has constructed an entire business around the highly questionable proposition that people will overpay for mediocre food in order to sit next to the motorcycle that Bruce Willis rode in Pulp Fiction ; and 3) is spending large sums of money to pay an executive to live in Hollywood and build relationships with up-and-coming stars.
(Remember, Homo sapiens lived side by side with Neanderthals for many thousands of years, and we differed from them chiefly in the face.)
Localization studies and visualization of the actin cytoskeleton in live cells with an actin-binding protein tagged with green fluorescent protein (GFP) indicate that the organization of F-actin changes during trichome morphogenesis [ 33, 34].
No people more joyfully live up to their legendary image than the Italians.
Mother Redcap’s Tavern (Back Lane, off High Street) is a big, relaxed place with live music.
And the study of animals demands that they go where the animals live and put up with what the animals put up with.
The liberal Guardian, while reconciled to the likelihood of the general's release, said that "the best outcome of the past two weeks of living under arrest and uncertainty is that the general will have to ponder whether he will ever be able to travel abroad again."
This type of musical group has become a national symbol of Mexico and of most Mexicanos living in Greater Mexico.
The genome sequence contains the information to propagate the living system, and this information exists as open reading frames (ORFs) and regulatory information.
Television coverage struggled to make something out of nothing, says Shales: "Directors of live historical events appear to think they are making documentaries about the events rather than transmitting them into American homes."
Or B) all 10 soldiers fire at once, without knowing which one of the 10 has been issued live ammunition?
The families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms of a house to live in, money to purchase food -- without food stamps -- and the beginning of a family focused on success, not hopelessness.
Of course, Lacan's life here is being read retrospectively, partly through the prism of his writings, whereas he was living it prospectively (we have to remember, given that Lacan's work was the theorizing of life stories, that he himself never knew what was going to happen next).
Decision will certainly come as a relief to TV viewers in the Los Angeles market, where yesterday, six stations carried a freeway suicide live on the air.
It became virtually impossible for Cubans to live on rations alone.
KING P.: If we are marked to die, our pitchfork'd brigade is enow To do our country loss; and if to live, The fewer ambassadorships to hand out.
New antiretroviral therapies introduced in the mid 1990s have allowed many persons with HIV infection to live longer before progressing to AIDS, and to have longer survival following an AIDS diagnosis [ 1 2 3 ] . The annual number of deaths due to AIDS in the United States peaked in 1995 and has since declined [ 4 ] , resulting in an increase in the number of prevalent AIDS cases.
John Patrick Diggins is living in a world of phantoms when he uses the myth of Lincoln as a hammer to smash the myth of Thomas Jefferson's record on individual liberty and civil rights in "Nothing to Declare," his review of Pauline Maier's American Scripture .
As she went on and on about $12,000 bottles of 1870 wine (actually, I'd kind of like to try one) and a Park Avenue apartment building where the grungy units start at $4 million (why anyone would want to live on a street where your furniture shifts whenever the commuter trains rumble beneath is beyond me), she cleverly pointed out the analogies with the '80s economic bubble and the dot-com one ...
The living standard in the ex-Soviet Union has risen for the new entrepreneurial class in Moscow and a few other places.
He finally got a part-time job, but there's no way he could afford to live on his own.
With their fluent Vietnamese and Mandarin, they help Tran understand her family's eligibility for Medi-Cal and food stamps, assist the 70-year-old woman in finding a place to live and advise abused women how they can stay in the country while staying away from their husbands.
There are advantages to living with less competitive pressure, and those advantages could more than offset the financial losses.
These are just a handful of the thousands of people old Washington has never noticed, who live in Virginia exurbs old Washington could not find on a map (Herndon?
The Northwest Coast Indian tribes forayed south from their villages in the north along the Alaska and British Columbia coast and lived off the sea and plunder.
The original Inquirer editorial unwittingly invited such smears by linking its Norplant proposal to race--specifically, to a report that nearly half the nation's black children are living in poverty.
Of course, cell-phone users, who don't remember what it felt like to live without the threat of severe mental impairment hanging over them, will rationalize the rat news.
Yet, the dead can live, and the nation can live, if these shadows of the past are transformed into memory, and memory is nourished by dedication to the values that define the nation.
The pair do not look Jewish, and this, combined with Tania's charm, enables them to evade capture, even as they live openly yards from the Warsaw ghetto.
By sometime next year, the Land of the Rising Sun may, at least for a while, live up to its billing.
In the passage that follows, she recalls the summer she was 13, living on a kibbutz, dying to sneak off and make out with a forbidden Irish boy named Devin.
Responding to Douglas S. Dodge's article on binomial nomenclature, Why All Living Things Have Latin Names [XIX, 3,44], it would be appropriate to point out that bacteria also have genus and species names, adjudicated by a separate International Code of Bacterial Nomenclature.
But be wary of feeling too proud of yourself simply for not living in Nebraska.
The island’s largest community is Tai O. The people of this picturesque village make their living by fishing, duck-breeding, and food-processing.
Problems at school and at home began to surface as the children reacted to the pressures of their crowded living situation, and their emotions such as pain and anger at having been abandoned by their mother.
In the Weald, haazes , the h dropped, is still used for haws . Occasionally, the close listener in autumn may also hear the pre-1939 generation call them harves . I am sixty-five, but when I was a boy living in the North Downland area south of Sittingbourne up to Maidstone, it was common to hear children calling haws arzey-garzeys , sometimes varied to azzy-gazzies . I haven't heard this for many years and I fear when my generation has “crossed over” this description, like my generation, will be defunct.
I was in Botswana, looking at the indigenous wild beasts in their living flesh and fur, and I came to understand why leopard is the most desirable of all the fur prints for clothes.
Parcells once said he "couldn't live without football."
how to spend the money they received from their settlement and where to live in the post-lawsuit era."
Staining of the live eggs was visualized using ultra violet light and a fluorescent filter on a light microscope (Standard 18 model, Zeiss Microimaging, Thornwood, NY).
But perhaps because within all of us there continues to live younger more idealistic lawyers-a whisper of the lawyers we were at the beginning of our professional lives-we are here today because we are not ready to let go of the "promise" of legal services.
The streets of Havana are a living museum of chrome-finned wondercars imported during Detroit’s heyday, but several that once belonged to pivotal Cuban figures — among them a 1918 Ford truck used by Fidel’s father and Che’s 1960 Chevrolet Bel Air — are lined up in the Museo de Autos Antiguos (Calle Oficios, 13).
People lived here until 1962; now there’s only a warden’s post and first-aid station.
The president told Izvestiya that he has a successor in mind but will not identify him because "as soon as I name him, he won't be let live calmly, he will be henpecked."
No offense, some of my best friends are Angelenos (because they are comedy writers, and there is an unwritten law saying anyone who writes comedy has to live in a sprawling array of car phones and one-story buildings stretching hundreds of miles in every direction), and besides, any city that can come up with Being John Malkovich , which is, in addition to being a nice metaphor for Hillary Clinton's identity-shifting Senate bid (as well as, well, her whole existence), quite possibly the greatest movie ever made, deserves nothing but admiration.
I had lived there four years and loved the funny hillside street with its old houses populated by fanatical gardeners and Harley enthusiasts.
But it, too, is intended to be negative: phrases like "doing what's right" and "living up to his word" play off much-surveyed voter doubts about the president's character.
They have stores on the ground floor and living quarters above, with wooden balconies and distinctive carved designs.
Democrats have seen the fruit of their Yugoslav tendencies, and they have decided they'd better learn to live together.
So much of what is necessary to the way we live today is relegated to "out there."
He helped lead the Cuban revolution, lived in New York for 15 years, reads Joyce and Faulkner, and loves socialism.
The narrow streets leading off the square are filled with cinemas, concert halls, and intimate live venues.
I expected far more in the way of exhibitions, TV shows, special editions of magazines, polls commissioned on "who were the most significant figures of the past 1,000 years," and so on, particularly given the enormous interest in history that is demonstrated by things like the success of the History Channel (history as a living presence, in the living room).
There are so many it is difficult to single out only a few, but among the most interesting are: Black Gallery (ul. Mikolajska 24); Free Pub (ul. Slawkowska 4); Stalowe Magnolie (ul. •w. Jana 15), which has live music and boudoir-style backrooms; U Louisa (Rynek Glówny 13); Bastylia (ul. Stolarska 3); and Alchemia (ul. Estery 5) and Singer Café (ul. Estery 22), in Kazimierz.
Now I read that South Korea's economic crisis was brought on by corruption, nepotism, bad loans, poor financial management, and people living above their means on borrowed dollars.
This approach would obviously only detect presently living entities, but these could include dormant life forms such as spores that might germinate and grow using added nutrients.
The elements of this example, repeated across millions of individual tasks, encapsulates the difference between an advanced industrial economy with a high standard of living and a less developed country with a low standard of living.
To cater to Western tastes, the major cities — KL, Georgetown, Melaka, Johor Bahru, Kuantan, Kuching, and Kota Kinabalu — and the beach resorts have nightclubs and cocktail lounges with live music.
A few weeks ago, two of the best European teams played a match in the Meadowlands, which is a half-hour away from where I live.
While many District residents live in poverty, Sensenbrenner is worth nearly $8 million, lives in Virginia, and is dubbed "the biggest tightwad in Congress with taxpayer dollars" by his chief of staff.
The central section of the building is where the royal family lived.
1) You can live and learn quite handsomely without access to the Internet.
But the point isn't whether people who own stocks live more comfortable and independent lives than people who belong to unions; clearly, they do.
They are mainly Catholics, living in Goa, and elsewhere you will find all the British variations on Protestantism, all with a certain Hindu tinge to them.
He doesn't live in a gated community.
Since we only live once until further notice, Prudie thinks it would be a shame to pass up a promising romantic opportunity simply because it may not turn out to be perfect--or permanent.
At least three-quarters are women and children living in poverty.
Over the past three decades, a sustained eVort has included a wealth of experiments aiming at discovering the abiotic origins of the organic molecules that are the building blocks of known living systems.
Another al Qaeda operative gave Khallad the name of a person living in the United States whom Khallad could use as a point of contact on a visa application.
In Martinsburg, W. Va., where he lived until the age of 7, both his parents worked at the Veterans' Administration Hospital.
291/233 111), which has live music Wednesday–Saturday, and Rio Restaurant, which stages cabaret dinner shows and Brazilian samba extravaganzas (Tuesday–Saturday).
Bar London (c/ Nou de la Rambla, 34) is a rough-and-tumble place with occasional live jazz and rock.
My sister, when small, asked our parents if we lived in America.
If present trends continue, the world in 2000 will be more crowded, more polluted, less stable ecologically, and more vulnerable to disruption than the world we live in now [i.e.
19 percent felt dinosaurs and humans lived at the same time
); Apache helicopters; Ibrahim Rugova ("How can the bookish head of Kosovo's independence movement live down the shame of being shown on Serbian TV with Milosevic?
The phrase live audience , if dwelt upon overmuch, suggests a ghoulish alternative.
If I lived in Celebration, I would have to drive some distance to find one.
In a formal complaint to the newspaper industry's self-regulatory body, Milosevic (who has lived in Britain for 19 years and calls himself Dan) listed at least a dozen news organizations that have been camping on his doorstep or otherwise pestering him, his family, and his east London neighbors since the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia began.
is credited with inspiring a generation of physicists and biologists to seek the fundamental character of living systems.
(Martha does not appear at all in the current issue of Living .) The zooming stock price is evidence that Wall Street can distinguish Martha from her product.
One virtue of having chosen these particular characters--a gruff, empathetic nurse instead of a polished, pro-choice lobbyist; a thoughtful, vaguely leftish Catholic as opposed to a fire-breathing evangelic--is that we can live with them for 500 pages or so.
In living with Sun Ra, Arkestra members renounced drink, drugs, and sex.
He never aspired to be a Lippmann and rejects the idea of Government by Columnist: "I don't want to live in a country blown about by gusts of wind raised by journalists.
The living room can be a home-entertainment center when the kids are young (it is well insulated, so Barney need not take over the house) and then a home office in the empty-nest stage (it's wired for the Internet).
''I couldn't understand why we live this way and they live that way,'' Rooney recalled.
But while the malls do advertise sensory advantages, they talk less about merchandise than about entertainment: live music, fashion shows, baby pageants, carousels, and miniature golf.
During the winter months, Puerto is also noted for its excellent live music scene, though it depends in part on who happens to be in town at the time.
One that will allow you to change pain into relief, anger into love, despair into opportunity -- and assure you that you'll be making central Indiana a better place to live, work and prosper.
My own admittedly romantic preference is to see his career as a quest for inspiration, and to say Pollock sought it long, found it briefly, and couldn't live without it.
By a fortunate coincidence, one of the world's living experts on this deeply troubling topic is the live-in husband of Slate 's Washington editor, Jodie T. Allen.
She would have a better chance of getting help and delivering a healthy baby if she lived in Sweden.
In France it is maquis (and also the name of the guerrillas who lived there).
There may have been superstitious reasons for this, connected with name-magic beliefs whereby the use of a living person's name would deprive him of his soul, but the practical result was that everyone was conveniently identified by a single name.
This was a group of people that had been born into near-bankruptcy and lived its formative years in a near-constant state of chaos.
) Sprawled on a motel sofa, fielding awestruck questions from a couple of junior FBI agents, Pistone expounds on the meaning of the phrase "Fuh-get about it" (which, depending on one's inflection, can signal fatalistic acceptance, doomed resignation, murderous rage, enthusiastic agreement, or nothing in particular) in a speech that will live long in the hearts of gangster-movie mavens.
Duhême, who today makes her living as a graphic designer and illustrator, calls her book (in French) The Bird of Philosophy . The title was inspired by one of Deleuze's cryptic musings: "Don't you think that philosophy is as pretty as a bird's name?"
Still, let me tell you my story: I am a father-in-law who gets along nicely--I thought--with his daughter and her husband, but who refuses to enter their apartment because they have hung a lewd picture of themselves, er, copulating in the living room.
In fact, the boars and apes have little patience with Ashitaka's call for nature and mankind to live together in harmony; they'd like to eat him.
When their landlord later paid a visit, he found six men living there-Nawaf al Hazmi, now joined by his younger brother Salem, Hanjour, Moqed, probably Ahmed al Ghamdi, and Abdul Aziz al Omari; Hazmi's old friend Khalid al Mihdhar would soon join them.
John Demos, an eminent historian of early America at Yale, wrote a fascinating book several years ago called The Unredeemed Captive , about a white woman in colonial New England who was abducted by Indians and lived much of her life among them.
The Peak is still the most fashionable place to live in Hong Kong, but real estate prices here are astronomical; rents run around HK$50,000 a month.
Like when I lived on the farm and one of the girls fell down the well?
A teen-ager (Brad Renfro) discovers an old Nazi war criminal (Ian McKellen) living under a false name in his town and blackmails him into giving detailed accounts of Nazi atrocities.
"It is not wrong for the United States to say we don't believe in child labor, or forced labor, or the oppression of our brothers and sisters who work for a living around the world--and [that] we don't believe that growing the economy requires us to undermine the environment," said Clinton.
Kaczynski "traded up; he used to live in an unimproved shack in the wilderness."
A barrio is a neighborhood, a city district, or a ward in an urban area where Mexicans and Chicanos live.
She bummed around the beaches of western India with a husband (some say a lover) before settling down in Delhi's comfy Press Enclave, where all the newsies live (one review claims a "cottage ...
Although it was not the purpose of this study to explain the high rates of breast cancer in Marin County, one hypothesis of the study was that if exposures specific to Marin County were to some degree responsible for the high rates there, one would expect women with breast cancer to have lived longer in Marin County than control women after adjustment for generally recognized breast cancer risk factors.
As Buchanan moves to join Crossfire co-hosts John Sununu, Bill Press, and Geraldine Ferraro, the voice-over tells us that he's "back, and working for a living."
We'll compile the best ones, and he'll answer them--as well as take live questions--during the chat at 6 pm PT on Wednesday, Sept. 29.
The people of Belgrade had reconciled themselves to every shortage except that of cigarettes, he reported, quoting a young Serb woman as saying that this could be the first thing to destabilize the Milosevic regime because "the Serbs can't live without tobacco."
The current system, instituted in the 1930s, distorts the market, discriminates against the dairy farmers of the Upper Midwest by providing higher prices (called "distance differentials") to farmers who live far from Eau Claire, Wis., (the city from which these "distance differentials" are calculated) and puts Wisconsin producers at an artificial competitive disadvantage.
The rest of us, meanwhile, suffered only from ordinary problems of living.
If you buy that, you must still be living in the '50s, or whenever it was that we last took what politicians said at face value.
Rivera, who lived here during the two years preceding his death, created the mural in 1956, taking 18 months to complete it.
Some purchased servants might decide to opt for permanent servitude simply because they cannot bear to live without their wives and family.
I lived to watch the progress of these, my darlings.
Thus, our ability, confirmed here, to detect actual electron transport within the redox potential range of life processes, and to observe simultaneously some of the signature chemical structures involved, offers a promising direct approach to detecting the capability of living entities in soil on Earth or elsewhere in our solar system to move electrons between universal donors and acceptors and obtain energy to support replication.
Here's why I did the right thing in hiring you as a TV critic--and why I'll let you live, for now: You understood Christopher better than I did.
In Tierra, computer strings live in the memory core, reproduce, and fight one another for space in the core.
If you assume a lower inflation rate and recalculate real incomes back to--say, 1950--you reach what seems to be a crazy conclusion: that in the early 1950s, the era of postwar affluence, most Americans were living below what we now regard as the poverty line.
Living poets will continue to be eligible as well.
And since Prudie is living in America in 1999, a small addendum about those brides who've previously been up at bat.
'' Some Central Pointers lived as negroes at home but crossed the line to seize white privileges just an hour or two away in Richmond, Va.
(But the LAT notes a possible obstacle: the House managers are continuing to press for live testimony.)
In a recent Gallup poll, New York was identified as the city that Americans would most like to live in.
Other old buildings open to view include Soong Ching-ling’s Former Residence (Songqingling Guju), where the wife of Sun Yat-sen lived until 1963, and Sun Yat-sen’s Former Residence (Sunzhongshan Guju), where the founder of the Chinese Republic lived until 1924.
Mr. Day might once have lived in London, but so have millions of others, and it doesn't necessarily make Londoners of them, nor does it give them more than a passing knowledge of our native speech.
When it was built in 1864 it helped drastically reduce the number of shipping accidents and shipwrecks, but it was unpopular with the native people who relied on lucrative salvage activities to make a living.
For more than a decade, Ocalan has been leading the 12 million Kurds living in Turkey in a war for autonomy, most recently from a base in Syria, which expelled him late last year under Turkish military pressure.
Two new attractions are Mickey’s ToonTown, a 3-dimensional, living cartoon world, as well as Fantasmic!
If one accepts the need for a corrective (or, depending on how one views it, is willing to live with a mere palliative), why not design one that operates in direct proportion to how segregated a state's schools are?
They recruited and moved whole families from Mexico to work and live on their ranches.
This may indicate that patients with complex medical illnesses, living in counties supported by a small RH may seek acute care and admission from physicians providing services in association with referral centers.
It's funny, and it's fun, and Culturebox, for one, couldn't live without it.
TAF II function in living cells has been studied in yeast where the use of temperature sensitive (TS) mutants has shown that many TAF II s are required for transcription of the majority of yeast genes [ [ 13 14 15 16 17 ] ]. In contrast, TS lesions in TAF II 145, TAF II 150, and TAF II 90 have a less dramatic effect affecting the expression of only a specific subset of genes mainly involved in the cell cycle [ [ 18 19 ] ] (for reviews see [ 3, 20].
We live in a world not just of "transnational corporations" but of "transnational mafias and drug cartels," problems that nations can solve only by acting in concert.
Imaginative state-of-the-art graphics and effects have been used to bring extinct creatures to life, and a large safari park allows you to view live animals in “almost” natural surroundings.
To his credit, he's not hard to live with.
There is not much data on the reliability of the "last live birth" entry on the birth certificate, but 2 U.S. reports have found birth certificate data on birth order to be extremely good, with concordance rates with medical records of greater than 97% [ 43 44 ] . In addition, in our data every child who we knew from the mother was not a first child did have an entry under "last live birth" on their birth certificate.
It was constructed for Thomas Smith, a prominent ship owner, and several generations of his family lived here.
Many people I know that own a SUV live and work in rural areas, where they need the off-road and carrying capability of a SUV.
The Guanche language also lives on in such place names as Tafira and Tamadaba (on Gran Canaria), Timanfaya (on Lanzarote), Teide (on Tenerife), and Tenerife itself.
Other old buildings open to view include Soong Ching-ling’s Former Residence (Songqingling Guju), where the wife of Sun Yat-sen lived until 1963, and Sun Yat-sen’s Former Residence (Sunzhongshan Guju), where the founder of the Chinese Republic lived until 1924.
He said that in Iraq, where the United States fired more than 860,000 DU rounds during the 1991 Gulf War, doctors subsequently found "an exponential increase in child cancers and deformities" among families living close to the targets.
(Cooper allegedly filled balloons with live worms, released them above the audience, then popped them, showering fans with night crawlers.)
Since 1947, Cistercians have taken over from the Carthusian monks living in an adjoining cloistered wing, but continue to manufacture Certosa’s well-known Chartreuse liqueur and herbal soaps in an adjoining shop.
Therefore, we conducted a population-based case-control study, including 1095 patients with RA identified in the Central Finland RA Database and 1530 control individuals living in the same district.
And he mentions a raft of dead Southern idealists who he thinks might well have voted to keep the Capitol flag in place, but it's significant that he doesn't mention any living ones.
I became one of the first members of a newly formed synagogue in the suburban Maryland county where we lived.
King Arthur’s Tournament: A radical departure from modern Las Vegas stage shows, this one features two unusual elements: live horses and dinner — the latter of which is eaten without utensils.
Living cells from control cultures as well as from cultures treated with CPT were strongly positive for both antigens CD 105 and CD 59 (Fig.
A result of living "in a media town where people are too busy to keep track of more than one name per area of expertise."
I'm the only original lease-signer still living in the house, and we now rent month-to-month.
The artisans, tradespeople, and providers of entertainment (reputable and not so reputable) lived “downtown” on the reclaimed marshlands north and east, in the area still known as Shitamachi.
My mother's relatives picked it up and I have lived with it ever since.
But of course we live in a country where religious belief is not merely tolerated, it is required of anyone seeking high office.
That grandmother almost surely lives better than people of her age ever lived before, supported by Social Security checks that will greatly exceed the value of the contributions she and her husband paid into the system.
A number of them committed suicide rather than live the life created for them by the Spanish.
But in the midst of a failed Tibetan rebellion in 1959, he fled to northern India, where he's lived ever since.
The teeming millions living in Calcutta and Mumbai have become legendary.
The religion, in which Mahavira is seen as the manifestation of 24 Tirthankaras (teachers), attributes souls to all living creatures, as well as other natural objects.
I do not, however, live on Product 19 alone.
The "The Seven Samurai" director, who died at home in Tokyo on Saturday night, was "widely regarded as the world's greatest living film director."
Take a respite from February's portentous programs with the irreverent humor of George Carlin's latest HBO live concert, You Are All Diseased (Saturday, 9:30 P.M).
A week ago I was looking among the Egyptian antiquities in the renovated Louvre, and my eye was caught by a small painted limestone panel from the tomb of Princess Nefertiabet, who lived and died in the reign of her kinsman Cheops, 2590-2565 B.C.
More than 1.5 million Asians and Pacific Islanders now live in the two counties.
More people are living longer in retirement, and there will be relatively fewer workers supporting each retiree in the future.
The bacteria involved in decomposition are not dangerous, because living people already carry identical germs in their own bodies.
6. "Why would I want to watch Crossfire ? I'm living it!"
This program should be expanded, perhaps with incentives for police to live in the neighborhoods they patrol full time.
But more scattered groups in the High Arctic still prefer to live in traditional igloos, better insulated than in stone houses, and with an infinite supply of building materials.
A wall panel explains that a film of milk covers the top of the marble, so that a "living substance" (milk) has been "stilled," thus "embodying the quintessential definition of the still life."
There were 312 cases, of which 73 indicated that they had lived predominantly in a rural area and were excluded.
(The quotations marks are intended to emphasize criticism of the practice of all the media to devote an inordinate amount of time and space to the interviewing and promotion of actors, singers, and other entertainers, most of whom have nothing to say and who make their living uttering words created by others.
Eddie goes for his audition, which turns out to be sex on Jack's couch with a pretty but inappropriately cheerful runaway, Rollergirl (Heather Graham), so named because she lives her whole life on skates.
Take the métro to Rambuteau and start at the corner of the Rue des Archives and Rue des Francs-Bourgeois, named after the poor people who were al­lowed to live here tax-free during the 14th century.
Subsequently, he took a personal interest and began to relate their existence to pre-Hispanic civilizations that either lived, or visited, the island.
The two-hour Saturday morning show airs live, usually from a 175-seat classroom at the University of Wisconsin (in Madison, where Feldman attended college and now lives with his wife and two young daughters).
Consider this description of a small Christian sect: 'Bruderhofs live communally and don't engage in violence, private-property ownership or gossip .' I can just see it now.
As you know, a library is a living resource, where the cultural history, the scientific discovery, and the philosophical dialogue of a planet is gathered for active exploration and study.
An evil fate of this kind befell a friend of mine from Gloucestershire who went to live in Germany near a town called Scheidt , the pronunciation of which proved to substantiate his worst misgivings.
I was raised by a resolutely single mother who in the 1950s was subjected in Minnesota to the widespread prejudice that by not living in a nuclear family, she was doing me untold psychic harm.
When I moved to New York from Texas, people kept pulling me aside and saying, helpfully, that my life would be completely ruined if I chose to live in the suburbs (or the city).
California, where Microsoft antagonists Netscape, Oracle, and Sun live, has signed on.
This Latin dance club features live shows each weekend with impersonators doing their best on the hottest talents of the day.
GFP and its variants are autofluorescent proteins that can be visualized in living cells, and are therefore particularly useful for monitoring gene expression in whole embryos, animals or cultured cells and organs [ 15].
You're living in AmericaAt the end of the millenniumYou're living in AmericaLeave your conscience at the tone ...
(If Notorious had lived, perhaps their partnership would have flourished into the rap equivalent of the Miles Davis-Gil Evans relationship.)
I am beginning to find it irksome to have to point out every few years that Thomas Crapper did indeed live and that the company he founded lasted until about 1928.
I am tired of living in the closet and want to be me without having to live two lives.
In the first instance, this is done by presenting the services as being for the poor, including the targeting of outreach efforts on groups and areas in which poor people congregate and live.
“Let me live in my house by the side of the road
"It is a very precarious existence if you are living on a low income and you barely have enough for anything else except for food or clothing, and then all of a sudden there is an additional demand on you based on some legal matter - that throws everything off.
As Frum points out in his book, almost nobody who actually lived through the 1970s (as opposed to today's teen-agers, who re-experience it as camp) have much regard for it:
Would a person whose family had lived in France or Japan for three generations come to identify himself with the French or the Japanese culture of 200 years ago as if his family had been a part of it?
He tells students: "If you live like a lawyer while you're a law student, you're definitely going to live like a student when you're a lawyer."
In early January 2000, Ali Abdul Aziz Ali-a nephew of KSM living in the UAE who would become an important facilitator in the plot- used Shehhi's credit card to order a Boeing 747-400 flight simulator program and a Boeing 767 flight deck video, together with attendant literature; Ali had all these items shipped to his employer's address.
Many people now seem to live in a hice rather than a house, and this pronunciation is by no means confined to Royalty and the aristocracy, speakers of the famed Received Pronunciation Plus.
By providing research services, mentors and continuing education - all the things they'd have if they worked in big law firms - storefront lawyers could make a living charging affordable legal rates, Bryan theorized.
Some 40 percent of Malaysians live in townships of more than 5,000 inhabitants, an exceptional proportion for the region.
Two of the nine live overseas.
During their rise to fame, the girls wisely avoided giving concerts; when they finally performed live (on Saturday Night Live ), critics panned them.
YOL is the number of years that a person lived in the 7 years after baseline.
The Netherlands stayed neutral in WWI and efforts in the first half of the century were concentrated on land reclamation which increased agricultural production and living space.
Just north of the Campuhan bridges, the Tjampuhan Hotel (the same place-name but with the old spelling) stands where Walter Spies (see page 53) came to live in the 1930s.
You either live up to it or it waves a hankie, receding forever," and many reviewers seem to see the hankie waving here at the boy wonder who a decade ago wowed the critics with The Mysteries of Pittsburgh . As Michael Gorra says in the New York Times Books Review , "Promising is still the word I'd choose" to describe this collection, "but after 10 years and four books that adjective has to seem a disappointment."
They're both living in.
The question of how myosin II thick filament assembly is regulated within living cells, however, remains mostly unanswered.
So, once again Manjushri interceded and created a pond for them to live in.
His first posting, dated Aug. 19, reads thus: "Since I've been living with this story for so long, it ceased to shock me long ago.
Now that we have discovered that we can slash the crime rate by simply excising the peck from Pecksniffian , so to speak, we should enter the 21st century with everybody living happily ever after.
People will be able to download court forms and other documents specific to the county in which they live from the Web site, said Pryce, a Republican from Upper Arlington.
Won 87 SSI/SSD cases enabling clients to receive $850,016 in retroactive benefits, saving state taxpayers $441,786 and enabling people with disabilities to live with dignity.
It is no fault of the editors that familiarity breeds contempt: most of the references in this edition occurred within the living memory of many of its contemporaries, which leads one to argue with some of the material.
Are the standards still alive, or are we living under the rule of the "casual Friday" ilk that has pervaded the standards of dress?
"Mike" and "Diane," two supposedly 18-year-old virgins who were going to surrender their virginity live on the Internet, have confessed they aren't 18, aren't virgins, and aren't planning to have sex.
Technology watchdogs call the egg auction another chapter in the cultural slide marked by Jennycam (a Web site featuring live video of a young woman undressing and doing other normal activities in her apartment), the promised Webcast of a man and woman losing their virginity together (which turned out to be a hoax), and a human kidney auction that was conducted and aborted on eBay last month.
When you read your New York Times Magazine this Sunday (or Saturday, if you live in New York), you will learn about a raging controversy (ok, minor dispute) in the literary world: Does former Knopf fiction editor Gordon Lish deserve credit for author Raymond Carver's success?
If we could identify a mother's first child from a blank entry under "last live birth" on the birth certificate, then we could determine the mother's parity at the birth of each of her children directly by counting subsequent children.
Oddly, Woodward doesn't mention the similarity between this episode and the sudden re-appearance in the White House living quarters of Hillary Clinton's Whitewater billing records.
The Sea-Monkey Aquarium Watch is a tidal wave of fun with real live sea-creatures that live two years with only minimal care!
I think the real challenge for a currently employed middle-class professional today would be to spend a year living entirely outside the Internet: no e-mail, no eToys or E*Trade or Amazon, no MP3s or game demos, no online banking or selection of benefits through the company intranet, not to mention, of course, no Slate . I don't think I'd survive for more than a few days (which is why your daughter-in-law, alas, once referred to herself as a "wwww", for "world wide web widow").
I just sort of call it my peace studies program -- any author that I think has ideas (as to) how people can live together without killing each other, that's what I like to read."
On carrer d’Aragó between Passeig de Gràcia and Rambla de Catalunya is the Fundació Antoni Tàpies, a museum dedicated to the work of Spain’s foremost living artist, the abstract materialist from Catalonia.
Similarly, the phrase recorded live , while it suggests the overtones of a concert rather than a studio performance, may still sound odd to an untrained ear (this may be termed sound mixing, in a double sense).
The dirty little secret of my journalistic career is that, despite having lived in Washington for 23 years and having been a reporter for five, I have never seen a president in the flesh.
Cubans crave live music, and — with the surge in international popularity of traditional Cuban music — so do most visitors to Cuba.
The raucous parliamentary debate was carried on live Russian television but was knocked off the air, the NYT alone notes, by the broadcast of a Sylvester Stallone film.
And also as a troubled loser, who after his prior arrest for pulling a knife on staffers at a mental hospital in Washington state, where he lived, told cops he often thought of killing others and himself.
Maybe the march's organizers should have held their demonstration in Washington, where the pundits live, instead of in Philadelphia.
The seen and unseen are independent of each other: You don't read the Bible for answers to scientific questions, and you don't read a biology textbook to find out how to live.
Consequently, funding appropriations diminished or failed to keep up with the cost of living.
We can see that Kristina is living a life of nightmarish deprivation, and getting the only kind of pleasure that she knows.
That incredible empire dominated the world and I imagine it did not seem possible to people living then that anyone could loosen that empire's grip on humanity.
Of special note is a recording of the best of Preisner recorded live in the Wieliczka Salt Mine outside of Kraków.
His mother still lives in the same house, but electric lights are everywhere now.
Asked a factual question, he was helpless, ignorant of the date, of where he lived.
It was written at the beginning of her probable affair with Lawson, while she was also still living at home with her husband and son, and it is wracked with private haunting.
(You can hear brief clips of Ginsberg reading from "" and ".") Sports mogul Jack Kent Cooke was remembered as a voracious, colorful rags-to-riches entrepreneur who built two dynasties (the Los Angeles Lakers and Washington Redskins) while living a sumptuous life that included four successive wives, two of them too young to be his daughters.
The Indianapolis Civic Theatre is presenting its 84th season of outstanding live performance providing an essential element to the community's cultural tapestry.
Plotz concludes that online guides perceive of cities solely as "place[s] of consumption," but at CitySearch7 San Francisco we can't just gobble up our city--we have to live in it too.
When it came to pay, we used to live in a world of job classifications and pay grades, where everyone who did the "same" work got the same pay.
The bottom floor of the house was used to store goods and equipment, while the upper floor provided living quarters.
Many of the children are victims of abuse or live in unstable homes.
Kosovo is living through a nightmare of the greatest ethnic cleansing that has ever been attempted.
You would be a notch on her belt and perhaps a candidate for her father to make your life a living hell.
Over 100 species of sea creatures live in tanks, including one 145,000-gallon tank whose water is regularly replaced by seawater from Harrington Sound.
