One, IndyGo in April adopted a much-needed policy that all young people under the age of 19 may ride on their buses at half the normal fare all year long.
Not only are we unable to prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and predict what will unfold, but we also cannot even translatein the sense of necessary and sucient conditionsfrom legal talk to normal intentional talk, let alone from legal talk of Henderson found guilty of murder to a physical talk about sound-wave forms monitored and masses at space-time lines as a description.
Deciding when and how to return border and port security to more normal operations.
Gregory uses stream in the way normal in England; Giles consistently refers to gens in the hills of central Australia, though glen is not current (outside place-names) in contemporary Australian English.
Pulse: elevated; normal.
I’m just a normal guy.
I saw that instead of a normal nose and mouth, it had a curved bird’s beak, of the sort that eagles have.
A report from the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute classifies normal weight (without reference to age) as a BMI of 18.
Finally we calculated the effect size for each measure, comparing each BMI subgroup to the 'normal' group.
5 to 20 would be considered 'normal' by the NHLBI guidelines, but had lower YOL and YHL than those with 20-24.
Underweight women averaged about .25 fewer YOL than other women (p < .05 compared with normal group).
Underweight men also had lower YOL, but this group was not significantly different from the normal group, in part because of low sample size.
Men classified as normal, overweight or obese all had about the same YOL.
Women who were normal or overweight averaged about 4.9 YHL.
The YHL for underweight or obese women was about 4.5 years, which was significantly lower than the normal group.
YHL was significantly higher for women than for men in the normal and overweight groups, but the sexes had similar YHL in the underweight and obese groups.
We next present the effect size for comparing each group to the normal BMI group.
For example, underweight women averaged 4.50 YHL compared to 4.92 for normal women, and the common standard deviation was 1.44.
A clinical trial of a treatment to help underweight women achieve normal weight (presumably by addressing the underlying cause) could be expected to have 80% power with N = (1.
The biggest effect sizes are in the first row, comparing underweight to normal.
For comparing obese to normal, only YHL for women showed a large and significant effect size.
Thus, an intervention to improve the health of underweight women to that of their normal weight peers could be performed using either YHL or YOL as the outcome variable.
Trials to make obese women comparable to normal women could be evaluated using YHL, but not YOL.
In Figure 1, the overweight (as opposed to the obese) are no different from those of normal weight, suggesting that these two categories could be combined for older adults.
That is, women who changed from being obese to being normal would likely show changes in YHL, but not YOL.
These more sensitive measures might also have detected differences between the overweight and normal weight persons, but we think this is unlikely given the absence of any differences in EVGFP.
Later, during postnatal development, normal GABAergic input is required for activity-dependent plasticity in the visual cortex as shown in the Gad2 knockout mouse [ 15, 16].
In addition to these functions in the developing CNS, GABA signaling is also required for the normal development of non-neural tissues.
The cleft palate phenotype of the Gad1 mutants suggests the involvement of GABA-mediated signals in the normal development and differentiation of a structure derived from the oral epithelium and neural crest ecto-mesenchyme.
The earlier activation of Gad1 in the forelimb reflects the normal temporal order of events in limb development.
Children who grow up in war-torn regions are known for having similar views -- war is perceived as a normal part of existence, violence as a natural way to solve disputes.
The relative stability of these channels in terms of their normal erosional activity and the shape and gradient of the channels, as related to relative sediment size, load, velocity of flow, and stream power, are also indicated in Figure 2.2.
Both lakes are also parallel to the strike of normal faulting with a NNW–SSE extension in the upland border (Dumont et al., 1988).
O'Donnell is described as a normal conservative Republican woman by my friend.
Documented homosexuality dates as far back as ancient Greece and other cultures of the time, where it was considered to be a very normal and natural occurrence (Emond).
This shows that not only did Plato consider it normal for a male to be attracted to another male, he also believed that it began at a very young age, as the word “boyhood” signifies.
Strangely enough, the study also included pairs of biological brothers that were not twins, and out of the 142 homosexual males studied, only 14, or about 9 %, had homosexual brothers, which is approximately the normal statistical incidence of homosexuality in the general population (Bailey & Pillard).
Would you be happy back in a normal life, working and living and crying in the drudgery of whatever the hell normal is these days?
Would you be happy back in a normal life, working and living and crying in the drudgery of whatever the hell normal is these days?
I wanted to find something, anything, that would prove all this was normal and sane.
When will my wife begin to feel and act normal again?
The Spinosaur had a slightly longer gait, so I'd put it's normal walking speed at about ten, maybe fifteen, miles per hour.
Our goal was to deal with the differences Microsoft and Netscape quickly so that the normal IETF process would move forward without any detractions from either Microsoft or Netscape.
Our goal was to deal with the >>differences Microsoft and Netscape quickly so that the normal IETF >>process would move forward without any detractions from either Microsoft >>or Netscape.
How do you get these words as normal words in the text (in roman)?
If each operator has a property indicating that it can act as an embellishment on other operators, then we can use this fact to make the above parse as {&bold +} 2 in preference to the interpretation of &bold as a normal prefix operator.
He wasn’t a person you’d describe with normal adjectives, you know?”
It looked like a normal river stone, a gray oval with a white stripe through it.
The new factory, which will begin normal production early next year, will employ about 1,000 people.
It has been previously reported that IPF lung fibroblasts have decreased COX-2 expression compared to normal lung fibroblasts and, hence, have decreased PGE 2 production [ 12 20 21 ] .
We hypothesized that fibroblasts from the lungs of patients with IPF (HF-IPF) have an altered PG balance compared to normal lung fibroblasts (HF-NL).
HF-NL were cultured from five human lungs that arrived at our transplant center with the intention of being used for transplantation, but for various reasons could not be transplanted; these were macroscopically and microscopically normal.
Western blot in unstimulated fibroblasts showed no detectable COX-2 protein in either group of cells, while IL-1β significantly induced COX-2 to a similar degree in IPF and normal lung fibroblasts (Fig. 3).
It is very likely that a complex interaction among these factors exists in the tissue repair process, and it is possible that pathologic fibrosis, as in IPF, results from phenotypical alterations in fibroblasts that affect the "normal" interaction of these factors.
Our results show that stimulation of primary cultures of human lung fibroblasts with the proximal cytokine IL-1β upregulates COX-2 protein and mRNA expression to a similar degree in normal and IPF fibroblasts.
TXA 2 production tended to be greater in IPF than in normal fibroblasts at baseline; when stimulated with IL-1β this difference became statistically significant.
These effects may counteract the profibrotic effects seen with TXA 2 and it is possible that an alteration of a "normal" physiologic balance between PGI 2 and TXA 2 could increase tendency towards fibrogenesis.
In our study we found that both COX-2 protein expression and PGE 2 production were upregulated to a similar degree in IPF and normal lung fibroblasts.
Although the reasons for our different results are unclear, the fact that we found similar COX-2 expression and PGE 2 production in normal and IPF lung fibroblasts suggests that loss of COX-2 expression is not a universal characteristic of fibroblasts cultured from the lungs of subjects with IPF.
We have found that fibroblasts cultured from normal and IPF human lungs have a significant and similar induction of the COX-2 enzyme when stimulated with IL-1β, but that IPF fibroblasts produced more thromboxane and had a significantly lower prostacyclin:thromboxane ratio.
COX = cyclooxygenase; HF = human fibroblasts; NL = normal lungs; IPF = idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis; IFN = interferon; IL = interleukin; PG = prostaglandin; TX = thromboxane; PGI 2 = prostacyclin.
His breath returning to its normal rhythms, he dared to look at the page before him.
Everything is completely back to normal now!
The remaining clones hybridized with both normal cell DNA and the metastatic cell DNA.
Author 6 (JV) participated in collection of normal cervical specimens.
We previously demonstrated [ 25] that, in normal tissues, MCM2 is detectable only in proliferating cells.
There was no significant difference between the normal T cells and RA T cells for these two groups.
Probes for the Factor V Leiden (FVL) mutant and normal alleles (see Table 1) were designed using the parameters outlined in Methods.
In contrast, only 14% of normal breast tissues expressed BP1.
For coating with antibodies, wells were first coated with protein A/G (1 μg/well) in 0.1 M Tris buffer, pH 8.8 for 2 h at 20°C, followed by mAb NC-1 or normal mouse IgG (= control wells) {1 μg/well; diluted in phosphate buffered saline (PBS)} for 1 h at 20°C.
To determine if the effects of the U-compounds are reversible, BAECs were pre-treated with U73343 (5 μM) for 5 min, washed and resuspended in normal extracellular buffer in the absence of U73343.
Mutant forms of myosin II that do not assemble into bipolar thick filaments in vitro fail to rescue myosin null phenotypes, nor do they localize to the furrow during cytokinesis [ 6 7 ] ). Although myosin II is not essential for cell division on a surface, it is critical for normal timely cell separation and for symmetric placement of the division furrow [ 8 ] . GFP-myosin II is transported to the furrow of dividing cells growing on surfaces even though it is not essential for cytokinesis under these conditions.
Different values for the exponent are tested and a correlation coefficient between the transformed data and an ideal normal distribution is calculated.
The finding that A. pisum embryos maintained at 16°C showed considerable malformation may be a consequence of surpassing the normal thermal limits of developmental regulation.
2e), whereas they show the same pattern of loss as afferent fibers in neurotrophin null mutants [ 16 ] . These data suggest that the spiral sensory neurons develop qualitatively normal at least until P0 and therefore allow normal pathfinding of efferents.
Student t -tests comparing normal and tumor tissue samples showed no difference in mean fraction of β-tubulin class II (0.
Adult mouse LIF over expression mediated by transfer of LIF over expressing hematopoietic cells results in a lethal, multi-systemic phenotype that includes small adrenals with a loss of the innermost cortical layer [ 28 ] . Pituitary specific LIF over expression leads to a Cushing's Syndrome-like condition of GC hyperactivity [ 29 30 ] . LIF null adult mice have normal or slightly reduced basal ACTH and GC concentrations, and are unable to respond to acute stress by increased ACTH.
He's never risen to the top ranks of the Senate because he's never been able to behave like a normal senator.
I have even written for the American Prospect . It is not, I claim, really a political issue in the normal sense.
Elucidating the mechanisms at play during readthrough may help understand normal translation termination.
We have tested 16 site-directed mutants of E. coli FtsZ for assembly and GTPase activity in vitro, and for whether they can function in vivo to complement ftsZ84 . Mutations on the front and back of the FtsZ protofilament were mostly benign: they had normal in vitro assembly, and could complement ftsZ84 . Several of these, however, had significantly reduced in vitro GTPase, demonstrating that the high level of GTPase is not essential for assembly or function in vivo.
Histological examination of the 'normal' tissues indicates the presence of fibrocystic changes in many of the samples and therefore, although these changes are not uncommon in normal aging, they cannot be classified as truly 'normal' breast tissue.
Quibbling additions and corrections: the mirrorreverse epitaph (p. 2) is anything but an illiterate endeavor, the letter forms being quite standard, the contents entirely normal.
The chromosomal distributions of these putative brain tumor enriched transcripts and the normal brain enriched transcripts are quite different.
Strong nonspecific signal appeared for samples known to be either homozygous mutant or normal, frequently generating a heterozygous genotyping miscall.
If probe response factors can be calculated, the "bad" but "stable" probes can be scaled, and the distribution may be expected to be closer to normal, therefore expression levels and their uncertainties can be calculated in a more statistically sound manner.
The sections were incubated in NGS blocking buffer [4% normal goat serum (NGS; Vector Laboratories, Burlingame, CA; Cat.
Having detected all three proteins immunohistochemically in normal, benign and malignant breast epithelia, the quantitation of OPN, TSP-1 and TYRP-1 mRNA was achieved using LCM and qPCR.
where f denotes the normal distribution of the phenotype N (μ κι , σ 2), h is distributed according to the Mendelian segregation pattern and ψ is multinomially distributed with probability vector 
Trophoblast cells derived from normal placentae differentiated into large syncytial clusters in the presence of PhR without E2 supplementation.
Therefore, one possibility is that the inclusions arise as a consequence of disruption of the normal physiological function of Rab24.
For continuous data, such as gene-expression data, the use of normal components in the mixture distribution is natural.
The drinking water was replaced with normal saline (0.
Feeding both LC-PUFA containing oils mimicked (or accentuated) the fasted metabolic state, confirming this aspect of the beneficial health effects of dietary LC-PUFA for both normal and clinical populations, and even household pets.
The discrepancy between our findings and findings of nuclear localization of TTP may be due to several factors [ 20 21 22 24 25 ] . First, most of those studies did not measure endogenous TTP but usually relied on transfection of cell lines, perhaps resulting in mislocalization due to the presence of an epitope tag or overexpression [ 20 21 22 24 25 ] . Second, by definition, those cells were largely cycling and thus were not representative of normal hematopoietic cells.
Since CAP, unlike the other polymers listed above, is not soluble at low pH, characteristic for a normal vaginal environment [ 42 ] , micronized forms of CAP had to be used in microbicidal formulations of this compound [ 30 31 32 33 34 ] . Therefore, it was of interest to determine how CAP in micronized form and other candidate polymeric microbicides affect X4 and R5 viruses represented by HIV-1 IIIB and BaL, respectively.
In contrast, young rats achieved normal biomechanical strength by four weeks after fracture [ 12].
4± 8.5 per pancreas) and in the seven pancreata from normal controls: 306 (43.
The negative predictive value is the proportion of subjects with a normal test result who do not have the target disorder.
Eight normal cervical swabs, diagnosed on Pap smear as normal squamous epithelium, were collected in phosphate buffer saline from the patients attending Gynecology Clinic at the Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center, New York after appropriate informed consent.
We recognize that the in vitro model systems used here offer at best only an approximation of normal and cancerous prostatic epithelia.
FACS analysis demonstrated that these cells were all apoptotic (not shown, see also [ 36 ] ). Although TGFβ1 acted anti-apoptotically in PP cultures (palmar and normal plantar fibroblasts) and prevented the shedding of cells into the media, its effect was dissimilar in non-PP cultures, where TGFβ1 had either no impact (keloid T and normal nonplantar fibroblasts) or was pro-apoptotic (keloid D cultures).
These are books that Amazon doesn't have in stock, but a normal bookstore does.
HGF/SF induces mitogenic and morphogenic changes, including rapid membrane ruffling, formation of microspikes, and increased cellular motility [ 12 13 ] . The diverse biological effects of HGF/SF are all mediated by Met, which is preferentially expressed on epithelial cells [ 14 ] . In vivo this receptor-ligand pair is essential for normal embryonic development [ 15 16 ] . Whereas Met signaling clearly has a role in normal cellular processes, this signaling pathway has also been implicated in tumor development and progression.
Observed clinical phenotypes were recorded at the time of examination and rated as normal, mild, moderate, or severe based on the following criteria.
Patients were excluded if they had active Centers for Disease Control (CDC) Class C status; could not comply with the study schedule; were in another investigational drug study; were undergoing opiate detoxification; had a malabsorption syndrome or pre-existing condition that interfered with normal gastrointestinal transit; had clinically significant laboratory abnormalities, required radiation therapy or cytotoxic chemotherapy, or had received immunomodulating agents, within 4 weeks pre-study; or had received an HIV-1 immunotherapeutic vaccine within 3 months pre-study.
And then, for uplift and inspiration, a chance to sing "Solidarity Forever" and other anthems that no normal person under the age of 60 has ever heard.
Required baseline laboratory values included serum creatinine and blood urea nitrogen ≤ 1.5 × the upper limit of normal and alanine aminotranferase and aspartate aminotransferase ≤ 2.0 × the upper limit of normal.
Using the multiple inert-gas elimination technique they attributed this improvement in gas exchange to a decrease in the amount of low ventilation/perfusion ( V / Q ) lung units and increase in normal
U.S. employers have always been arrayed in something of a normal distribution, with some being quite progressive and humane, offering great benefits and employment security, and some being right bastards.
These sites are jockeying to build "brand names in the new millennium" (NYT), by hotly pursuing tactics that "would be, in any normal business, ruinous" (WP).
Microdissection of malignant and surrounding normal non-mucosal tissue was performed as previously described [ 6 20 21 ] ; tumor histology was confirmed by a pathologist (R.T.
In order to determine the role of S. aureus- derived peptidoglycan and teichoic acid in the expression of TRAIL by S. aureus -infected osteoblasts, cultured normal human osteoblasts were incubated with various concentrations of these purified cell wall structures (10 ng/ml, 100 ng/ml, or 1 μg/ml).
A classic, of course, is coarse . This word seems to have popped up in the early 15th century, as an adjectival form of course `ordinary order' or `normal manner.
DMEM with PhR stimulated differentiation of trophoblast cells from normal placental types, but mid-pregnancy levels of E2 significantly enhanced differentiation of cultured trophoblast cells derived from both normal and abnormal placentae.
P = 0.0001) over normal breast epithelia.
Patients experiencing the severe stress of critical illness demonstrate higher than normal amounts of circulating cortisol.
This was followed by antigen retrieval and subsequent incubation in blocking reagent (1:50 normal horse serum) for 20 minutes.
To examine the biological role of promoter methylation in CC, we assessed the levels of mRNA by semi-quantitative RT-PCR in eight cell lines and compared with the respective control values obtained from the averages calculated from 2 normal cervix after normalization against ACTB . This analysis was performed on 7 genes ( CDH1 , DAPK , RARB , HIC1 , MGMT , RASSF1A , and MLH1 ) that exhibited methylation in one or more cell lines and primary tumors (Fig.
When he spied a white couple strolling toward him arm in arm, he would walk directly at them, at a normal pace.
How else can people understand tragedies such as Littleton, in which "normal" middle-class kids are not playing baseball or flirting with girls or even duking out their differences after school on the playground; they are nursing monstrous visions of murder and mayhem, while building bombs in their clueless parents' garage.
Astronomers estimated that the moon appeared 7 percent to 14 percent larger than normal and 3 percent to 7 percent brighter.
Our calculation shows the normal distribution assumption is not an appropriate one.
Antibodies to CMV gB share some homology with rheumatoid factor, thus providing a theoretical relationship between CMV infection and autoimmune disease [ 12 ] . An adenovirus-CMV gB construct vaccine administered to mice induced a statistically significant increase in the production of antibodies to U1-70 kD antibody in both normal and autoimmune-prone mice [ 13 ] . Newkirk et al . recently reported an increased incidence of antibodies to Sm antigen and antibodies to ribonucleoprotein (RNP) among naturally CMV-infected individuals, as well as an increase in antibodies to U1-70 kD [ 14 ] .
Errors of this magnitude (13%) can be swamped by the normal variations in Kbair that result from variations in the blood fat content.
Originally issued by Chicago University Press as one offering in a set of works, edited by the mathematician Rudolf Carnap, called Foundations of the Unity of Science, Kuhn's blockbuster deconstruction of normal scientific practice had the effect among some readers of torpedoing the very idea that that there was any unity of science.
Transformation appears to involve autocrine stimulation as IGF-I production and secretion is increased in normal cells following transformation by SV40 T antigen, but the null cells cannot respond to the IGF-I so do not transform.
99 thpercentile, and with a narrow standard deviation equal to 1/100 thof the interquartile range of the main distribution divided by the interquartile range of the standard normal distribution [ 13 ] . This resulted in a sharp spike (peak) in the tail of the distribution.
, carteolol, had normal calcium cycling, normal myocardial energetics,normal β 1 receptor density as well as regression of myocytehypertrophy and reduced connective tissue content [ 18 ] . Furthermore, administration of carteolol hasbeen reported to prevent the development of virally induced cardiomyopathyin a murine model [ 25 ] . In a canine modelwith left ventricular dysfunction produced by multiple sequentialintracoronary microembolizations, long term treatment with metoprolol,a β 1 -selective blocker, has been reported to preventthe progression of LV systolic dysfunction and LV chamber dilatation [ 26 ] . Similarly, our present findings onthe effect of carvedilol indicated improvement of left ventricularfunction and smaller LV volumes.
The polymorphonuclear leucocytes (PMN) were isolated from pooled normal healthy human blood by Ficoll Hypaque density gradient centrifugation.
Again, the latter can be either compensated by placental hypertrophy (normal Apgars associated with fetal macrosomia in maternal diabetes; PT4A), or uncompensated (placental hypotrophy) and associated with intrauterine growth retardation and apparent deterioration of the Apgar scores [ 30 ] (PT4B).
In recent years, several authors have proposed a syndrome of occult AI in septic shock in the presence of normal or even elevated serum cortisol concentrations.
Similarly, with TNF-α, there are contradictory reports of decreased [ 37 38 ] , normal [ 29 ] , or increased [ 12 31 39 40 ] production in the HIV +and aged T cells.
One was to see if the ATM mRNA is properly transcribed, and another is to directly see the ATM protein itself by Western blotting analysis from the tumors and compare with the normal form.
However, independent pathology reports determined that the 'normal' tissues were 'non-tumor' tissues with the exception of N1, N12, and N13, in which tumor cells were noted.
.., 1,176 for k = 2, 3 and 4. Then a normal mixture model was fitted to each data set.
In the presence of cycloheximide, Sic1 accumulation was abolished, but Clb2 degradation still occurred with apparently normal kinetics (Figure 1, lanes 5-8 and 9-12).
In turn, flow through the major arterial network would be enhanced in an attempt to maintain near normal oxygen delivery.
Although CPK levels were not measured at baseline, in patients with musculoskeletal symptoms, this value was found to be normal.
Care was taken to ensure that normal tissue was not contaminated with tumor tissue and vice versa.
If the PMSD measured for the test is less than or equal to the upper PMSD bound variability criterion in Table 6, then the test's variability measure lies within normal bounds and the effect concentration estimate (e.g.
T-cells in normal PB typically showed a continuous variation in CD7 expression level.
To determine if S. aureus extracellular products induce TRAIL expression in osteoblasts, normal mouse osteoblasts were grown in 12-well cluster plates.
A 1983 examination of Harding's remains, prepared as part of a lawsuit but never published, indicated that even a dozen years after leaving his job his bones showed uranium levels up to 133 times higher than normal.
But, the positive immunostaining for p53, iNOS and VEGF was not observed in normal gastric epithelial tissue and CSG.
There was considerable variation in the flowering time when the bmr lines were compared to their normal counterparts, and when the bmr lines were compared to each other.
In addition to a normal text search of the entire site, Slate Search 2.0 will allow you to:
As CGMA analysis yields more intuitive predictions if the tumor expression data is compared to a normal tissue reference, the original HCC gene-expression data was mathematically transformed such that the pooled cell-line reference was replaced by a normal tissue reference ([ 3], see Materials and methods).
The number of standard errors away from the linear trend line that corresponds to an expectation value of 0.05 was calculated using the inverse of the standard normal cumulative distribution for a probability equal to 1 - (0.
For instance, IL-1-degraded cartilage tissues and cell suspensions are frequently employed as model systems to study cartilage metabolism under osteoarthritis-like conditions [ 1 2 3 4 ] and to assess the efficacy of various drug therapies [ 5 6 7 8 9 ] . IL-1 signals cells via cell surface receptors to upregulate proteases, matrix metalloproteinases and aggrecanase, while downregulating matrix metalloproteinase inhibition and proteoglycan synthesis [ 10 11 ] . The ultimate effect of these metabolic changes include damage to the ECM, loss of ECM components (especially proteoglycan), and alteration of the normal balance of catabolic and anabolic processes that regulate cartilage ECM composition.
An aftershock is defined as a quake that occurs on or near the original fault (usually within 10 miles of the epicenter) and before the region's seismic activity has returned to normal.
The clusters are generated as in Model 5, but, in addition, seven noise variables are simulated independently from a normal distribution with mean 0 and variance v 2for the v th variable, 4 ≤ v ≤ 10.
Given that C. elegans has an unusually large number of polytopic membrane domains but a normal number of families, the amplification of polytopic membrane domains is limited to a few families.
the summer weather that has lasted beyond its normal term ...
The nuclear chromatin, abundant mitochondria, reticulum and coated vesicles, had normal appearance.
You are not reading the APA's statement on this with your normal discernment.
Deficiency of the EP2 receptor is associated with a defect in counteracting vasopressor effect of PGE2 [ 7 ] and the development of salt sensitive hypertension [ 8 ] , suggesting a predominant normal vasodepressor role of EP2 receptor in blood pressure regulation.
All of the N-terminal deletion proteins are expressed at a stable level near normal, reduce the SCE frequency to near normal, and are not efficiently packed in the NBs.
At 4 months, her skeletal measurements were all above the 97 th%ile (length 66 cm, arm span 67 cm, middle finger length 5 cm, foot length 10 cm) and the upper-to-lower segment ratio of 1.27 was significantly below normal for age.
In addition, vasopressors have been recommended to achieve end-points of hemodynamic, and normal or supranormal oxygen transport variables in sepsis patients who remain hypotensive despite adequate volume therapy.
Interestingly, in RA synovial tissue fibroblasts, Ang-2 mRNA was expressed at low levels compared to that found in whole RA, OA or normal synovial tissue (Fig.
One was a second set of five normal male biopsies ages 5-12 yrs (controls 2a, 2b), and the third control set was three normal age-matched female biopsies ages 4-13 yrs (controls 3a, 3b) (Fig.
• PLE brings a slight benefit in coronary patients with a normal RVEF, but causes no benefit or adverse effects (decreased right ventricular compliance, unchanged radial artery pressure-right intraventricular pressure gradient and cardiac index) in right ventricles with a reduced ejection fraction
In a normal aristocratic family, Spencer would have been just another playboy.
Although the treatment decisions were made with knowledge of the integral dose delivered to the critical structures, the authors recognize that there is controversy with regard to the classification of biological response of the normal structures under study in the current investigation.
Wild-type levels of BMP4 are important for normal development of the anterior and posterior segments.
We examined the status of promoter hypermethylation of 16 genes ( CDH1 , DAPK , RARB , HIC1 , FHIT , RASSF1A , APC , CDKN2A , MGMT , BRCA1 , TP73 , TIMP3 , GSTP1 , MLH1 , p14 ARF , and RB1 ) in eight specimens of normal cervical squamous epithelia and 90 CC specimens.
This model typically gives a high probability of rejection of the null K = 1 if the data are sampled from a distribution with a lower kurtosis than the normal distribution, such as the uniform distribution [ 17].
This is in agreement with occasional trophoblast proliferation in normal term placentae [ 25 ] , apparently not prevented by high p27 expression.
We used a combination of immunohistochemistry (IHC), LCM and real-time, quantitative PCR (qPCR) analysis of material obtained from a panel of primary breast infiltrating ductal carcinomas and nodal metastases, and compared the target gene expression levels with those found in nonmalignant diseased tissue and in samples of normal breast tissue.
The activity of the mitochondrial respiratory chain enzymes, although mostly below the normal mean, was within the normal range in skeletal muscle with moderate increase (52%) in the activity of citrate synthase suggesting mitochondrial proliferation (Table 1).
Sections were incubated with 3% normal serum (in 0.01 M phosphate buffer-saline, 0.1 % Triton X-100; 30 min) followed by incubation with MIF antibody (rabbit polyclonal, 1:200; Torrey Pines; Houston, TX) overnight.
First, DNA samples from these five patients were screened by PCR using primers designed for MADS-IX and PTEN . MADS-IX showed PCR amplification in normal cell DNA samples of all the five patients, but the intensities of the PCR bands were less in the primary tumor cell DNA samples and were totally undetectable in the metastatic cell DNA of patients 1 and 3 (Fig.
Our observations indicate that the cultures from normal and abnormal placentae contain similar trophoblast cells capable of differentiating in response to exogenous estrogens, but they may differ in the ability of accompanying mesenchymal cells to promote this process.
In both cases, the PCR conditions used favored the amplification of the shorter (mutant) fragment, although the normal allele was also present in the genomic PCR template (Fig.
That resulted in female genotypes ( A 1 A 1 , A 1 A 2 , A 2 A 2 , A 1 A 2 , A 2 A 2 ) and male genotypes ( A 1 A 2 , A 1 A 1 , A 2 A 2 , A 1 A 1 , A 1 A 2 ). For each family we simulated the 50 genotypes for its offsprings and then simulated its trait measurement using a normal and log-normal distribution.
The conventional wisdom about impotence has changed: What was once considered a normal part of the aging process is now considered a treatable medical condition.
IFN-γ) [ 1 2 3 ] . It is very likely that a complex interaction among these factors exists in the tissue repair process, and it is possible that pathologic fibrosis, as in IPF, results from phenotypical alterations in fibroblasts that affect the "normal" interaction of these factors.
[ 6 ] demonstrated that in patients chronically infected with hepatitis B and/or hepatitis C viruses, the M6P/IGF2R is mutated not only in hepatocellular carcinomas (HCCs), but also in the phenotypically normal hepatocytes adjacent to these tumors.
The cleft palate phenotype of the Gad1 mutants suggests the involvement of GABA-mediated signals in the normal development and differentiation of a structure derived from the oral epithelium and neural crest ecto-mesenchyme.
Shown are the 2862 transcripts that distinguish between normal genital skin fibroblasts and gonadal fibroblasts from 46, XY female AIS patients, and between proliferating and confluent fibroblasts.
Here we assume a normal distribution of errors, ∈ ~ N (0, σ 2), which means actual payoffs will also be normally distributed p' ~ N ( p , σ 2).
Mitochondria isolated from normal lymphoblasts also were found to take up thiamine (fig.
In view of PTEN's potent growth-inhibitory capacity, we conclude that its induction after cell-matrix disruptions contributes to the maintenance of the anchorage-dependent phenotype of normal cells.
A number of chemokines, including IL-8, monocyte chemotactic protein-1 (MCP-1), macrophage inflammatory protein-1α (MIP-1α), MIP-1β, epithelial-derived neutrophil attractant 78, and regulated upon activation, normal T cell expressed and secreted (RANTES), are known to be found in RA synovial fluid [ 4, 5, 6, 7, 8].
Controls included groups of males and female (age described in text) that showed no histopathological abnormality, normal dystrophy proteins, and normal serum creatine kinase levels.
Genomic DNA was treated with sodium bisulphite as previously described [ 33 ] . Placental DNA treated in vitro with Sss I methyltransferase (New England Biolabs, Beverly, MA) and similarly treated normal lymphocyte DNA were used as controls for methylated and unmethylated templates, respectively.
This small number of cells is identical to cells expressing normal GFP-BLM (Figure 4B& 4C).
Liver biochemistries were normal immediately before and two weeks after initiating SSZ.
On the contrary, they are the normal result when rational investors contemplate the implications of unsustainable policies.
Five or fewer intraepithelial lymphocytes per 100 epithelial cells in surface and crypt lining were considered to be within normal limits (Table 2, G and H) [ 21 ] . We classified 1-5 extravascular neutrophils per 20 inflammatory cells in the lamina propria (LP) as mild increase and more than five as marked increase (Table 2, L).
None of the cells in a mutant population had retained a completely normal appearance when assayed.
To verify that in normal persons there is no Met in the axilla we examined the axillary drainage in 20 patients with malignant melanoma who were found to have negative axillary sentinel lymph node.
Formation of radial fibers that bring peripheral processes of spiral neurons to the organ of Corti seems to be rather normal, even in the apex of the cochlea which does not even develop immature hair cells recognizable by Myo VIIa.
Although cytokines are traditionally associated with peripheral immune reactions as part of the innate response, evidence is accumulating that they may also be involved in normal brain function and may mediate pathological responses such as hyperalgesia [ 26 27 ] . In fact, the abundance of MIF in glia of the spinal cord is particularly interesting since glial cells have been suggested as involved in hyperalgesia through the release of cytokines and other substances [ 28 ] . Given the presence of MIF in the pelvic organs (bladder, prostate) and the central and peripheral nervous system tissues that innervate these organs, as well as the fact that bladder inflammation appears to upregulate MIF in these areas, it is possible that MIF represents a therapeutic target in reducing or preventing pelvic viscera inflammation.
4% of female adolescents of this age group who were having a BMI ≤ 85 thwere correctly predicted to have normal glucose profile at 35 y.
In contrast, cftr (-/-) mice may experience bile acid malabsorption even though their ileal mucosal cells express four-fold more IBAT transporters than normal cells.
Data show adherent mononuclear cells from NSCLC patients produced baseline levels of IL10 significantly greater than those of normal volunteers (40 ± 25 vs. 574 ± 127; p < 0.01; Figure 3).
As the Y-box promoter element is crucial to the regulation of MHC class II gene expression, sequence-specific binding to this motif indicates a potential role for DEK in modulating normal and abnormal immune response.
Take a normal, clear-eyed individual, Vergil implies, subject him to love, and it will transform him into a physical wreck who cannot sleep and cannot eat because of his obsession.
FACS analysis demonstrated that these cells were all apoptotic (not shown, see also [ 36 ] ). Although TGFβ1 acted anti-apoptotically in PP cultures (palmar and normal plantar fibroblasts) and prevented the shedding of cells into the media, its effect was dissimilar in non-PP cultures, where TGFβ1 had either no impact (keloid T and normal nonplantar fibroblasts) or was pro-apoptotic (keloid D cultures).
The percentage of IL-4 producers (12%) generated from RA memory T cells was less than was generated from normal T cells (17%).
In an attempt to validate the differential expression we observed in this assay, we compared our results to the expression patterns derived from EST libraries generated from 18 colon and 12 ovarian sources (including normal tissue, cancer tissue, and cell lines) using the digital differential display (DDD) available at the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) [ 15] (see Additional data files).

She doesn't mention that this name is a perfectly normal Germanic name which consists of rik- mighty and -ulf, wolf which is itself a rather colourful name for a scoundrel.
He is a wonderful person who is so normal."
There were distinct patterns visible in the gene cluster that were conserved in the CC samples (Figure 2B, zone C), or the Chr samples (Figure 2B, zone B), or the normal kidney samples (Figure 2B, zone A).
On his knees, he offers a rose to yet another woman--and the spot cuts back to normal.
Microsoft isn't preventing anyone from using Netscape or charging Netscape for the right of access; it's providing Internet Explorer free, but then that would be normal practice in this kind of industry even if IE wasn't allegedly an integral part of Windows 95.
5 to 20 would be considered 'normal' by the NHLBI guidelines, but had lower YOL and YHL than those with 20-24.
In accelerod performances, carbenoxolone in the first trial in doses of 100, 200 and 300 mg/kg, showed a decline in motor function relative to normal saline (10 ml/kg) (Table 5).
Researchers can, in a fairly straightforward fashion, examine the overall transcriptional response of thousands of genes in normal cells and tissues, in disease states, in response to biological, genetic or chemical stimuli (such as drugs), or during normal biological processes such as cell-cycle progression and embryonic development [ 3, 4, 5].
According to three physicists who have worked independently and have written extensively on the science of baseball, the human limit for hitting a baseball at sea level, under normal temperatures and with no wind, is somewhere between 450 feet and 470 feet.
In this postpartum sample, the responsibilities and lifestyle changes of caring for a new infant did not affect the mother's normal propensity to expose herself to light, whether outdoors, in areas of her home that receive natural light through windows, or under artificial lighting of an indoor environment.
Based on the normal function of GCN2-like proteins [ 25 ] , these findings suggest that uncharged tRNAs are more prevalent within the cells during this time relative to either growing cells or to cells immediately after removal of the food source.
Results showed that the synthesis of F only was affected while all other viral proteins were translated in normal amounts, which is in agreement with the notion that F has little or no role in intracellular viral macromolecular synthesis.
The Swi/Snf complex is required for normal levels of expression of SUC2 when cells are grown in low glucose.
The hemidesmosomes were regularly distributed, and had normal morphology.
Decreased Countin leads to larger than normal aggregates, slugs, and fruiting bodies.
Several previous studies have demonstrated that CD7 loss is not a predictable marker for detection of MF/SS cells, as its expression is variable in this tumor type [ 15 19 ] . Although there is data to suggest that CD7-negative T-cells may represent a distinct differentiation pathway in normal and neoplastic helper T cells, [ 20 21 ] the variable expression of CD7 in MF/SS that we have observed suggests that this marker may be highly modulated by tumor microenvironment and/or treatment.
While cellular proliferation is a generic feature of normal germline development, so is programmed physiological death.
Intimidating the plaintiff might be an effective tactic in a normal sexual-harassment case, one taking place out of the limelight.
Thickness > 500 microns was considered within normal limits [ 20 ] . Cryptitis and crypt abscess were defined respectively as infiltration of crypt epithelium with neutrophils and presence of neutrophils in crypt lumen (Table 2, F).

Five paired anonymous normal and anonymous tumor samples were obtained in 1-2 g quantities sufficient for quantitative Western blotting (kindly provided by Dr Terry Hall, University of Mississippi Medical Center, Jackson, Mississippi).
BTBD1 and BTBD2 cDNA were found in libraries from the following tissues: amniotic, aorta, bone, brain, bone marrow, colon, ear, embryo, foreskin, gall bladder, germ, heart, kidney, lung, muscle, ovary, pancreas, parathyroid, placenta, skin, spleen, stomach, testis, thymus, tonsil and uterus (LocusID 53339 and 55643, respectively [ 22 ] ). BTBD1 and BTBD2 was also expressed in a large number of tumor types and normal tissues present in SAGE (serial analysis of gene expression) libraries (SAGEmap, [ 23 ] ).
In its lawsuit the plant claims the government doesn't have the authority to regulate salmonella because salmonella is destroyed during "normal cooking" and is not a "public safety issue."
The log of PMSD will provide an approximately normal variate useful for control charting.
In normal placentae, the ERα was strongly expressed in cytotrophoblast nuclei (c, Fig.
What's occasioned the most notice, fittingly enough, was Greenspan's argument that central bankers needed to pay attention to asset prices--like, oh, the stock market--in addition to the prices of normal goods and services if the bankers want to have a handle on what may drive inflation in the future.
This is thought to prevent activation of downstream Rho targets required for normal integrin dependent morphological changes.
Microtubule arrangements in cortical root cells were altered, as was the normal ER network.
This sample group was also enriched for the mutant genotype, containing 89 homozygous normal, 48 heterozygous and 1 homozygous mutant (the single mutant was repeated 29 times) for the H63 allele and 84 normal, 93 heterozygous and 13 homozygous mutant patient samples for the C282 allele.

Colorado, supported by 18 other states and the Clinton administration, says that at 8 feet one can speak in a normal tone of voice and be clearly heard, and thus the law does nothing to curb "uninhibited debate on all topics."
Several genes expressed specifically in the normal male foreskin fibroblasts have been previously implicated in male genital development, including HOXA13 , the T-box genes, BMP4 and DWnt2 . Mutations in HOXA13 can cause distal limb and urogenital-tract malformations such as male hypospadias in hand-foot-genital syndrome [ 21 ] . T-box genes ( TBX ) are essential early regulators of limb development and also appear to be involved in male genital development [ 22 23 ] . Mutations in TBX3 cause the ulnar-mammary syndrome characterized by limb, apocrine, and genital developmental abnormalities [ 23 ] . Expression of T-box genes 2, 3, and 5 was significantly higher in normal male foreskin fibroblasts than in AIS genital fibroblasts.
These data exclude MIs associated with PCI or bypass surgery; by definition, those types of MI required enzyme elevations greater than three or five times the upper limit of normal (ULN), respectively.
It did not correlate with IOP, being present in both high and normal IOP eyes, and was not obviously worse in old mice than in young mice.
Under normal conditions, large numbers of GnRH neurons are within the telencephalon by approximately stage 25.
The doctor examined her inner ears and tested her hearing, which he found normal, and then asked, Why did you think you were going deaf?
As the amount of true regulation increases, longer tails develop that depart from normal behavior.
Figures 4and 7demonstrate normal cervix and CIN I tissues hybridized with biotin-labeled pUC18 vector.
TYRP-1 is a type I membrane protein expressed by melanomas and normal melanocytes that was originally characterized as an oxidase in the melanin biosynthetic pathway.
None of these clones hybridized with the DNA of the metastatic cells, and all were detected in normal cells (Fig.
For example, cadherin 13 ( CDH13 ), versican ( CSPG2 ), collagen 8A1 ( COL8A1 ), collagen 12A1 ( COL12A1 ), P4HA2 (encoding a procollagen-modifying enzyme) all showed relatively low expression in the genital skin fibroblasts of normal males, whereas tenascin XB ( TNXB ), nidogen 2 ( NID2 ), laminins ( LAMA3 , LAMA4 ) and tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 1 ( TIMP1 ) all showed relatively high expression levels compared to AIS-derived fibroblasts (Figure 2).
Chromosome preparations were made from phytohemagglutinin-stimulated peripheral blood lymphocyte cultures from normal individuals.
In normal, regulated secretion, ProCT is trafficked through the Golgi apparatus and then packaged into dense-core secretory vesicles [ 26, 27].
So the fitted f 0 is a normal distribution, N (-0.
As CGMA analysis yields more intuitive predictions if the tumor expression data is compared to a normal tissue reference, the original HCC gene-expression data was mathematically transformed such that the pooled cell-line reference was replaced by a normal tissue reference ([ 3], see Materials and methods).
Thus, removing cells from their normal growth substrate and reseeding into fresh medium induced a burst of IDO expression irrespective of whether cells reassociated with tissue culture substrate or other cells.
In the presence of ischemia/reperfusion mucosal injury, the Pe CO 2 -Pa CO 2 gap may not return to normal even after restoration of circulatory volume.
Expressions of cytokine and activation marker mRNAs was also analyzed in 48 individual peripheral blood CD4 +CD45RO +T cells sorted from two RA patients and in 33 individual peripheral blood CD4 +CD45RO +T cells sorted from a normal donor.
A study from Incyte Genomics [ 25 ] examined gene expression of kidney vs. placenta RNA and RNA from matched normal and tumor renal tissue using their own T7 based amplification kit (not employing a TS primer) and 9700 clone cDNA microarrays.
Ad-transduced DO11.hCARΔcyt trafficked normally to secondary lymphoid organs following adoptive transfer, indicating that neither hCARΔcyt nor adenoviral transduction altered normal in vivo migration patterns.
The process of membrane vesiculation and MP-release in platelets has been shown to require a calpain-dependent dissociation of membrane proteins from the submembrane cytoskeleton and most likely involves intracellular signaling by platelet protein kinases [ 10 ] . Besides platelets stimulated by various agonists such as thrombin with collagen or the complement complex C5b-9 [ 7 11 ] , a release of PS-containing membrane MP was demonstrated in other cell types such as endotoxin-stimulated monocytes [ 12 ] , polymorphonuclear leucocytes stimulated with the chemotactic peptide FMLP [ 13 ] or apoptotic T-lymphocytes [ 14 ] . The normal restriction of PS to the inner surface of the plasma membrane becomes perturbed in apoptotic cells [ 15 16 ] . When exposed, PS is a determinant for phagocyte recognition of cells to be cleared.
Cytosolic PLA 2 specifically hydrolyzes sn-2 arachidonate from phospholipid providing the precursors for many different lipid mediators including prostaglandins and leukotrienes [ 1 2 ] . These lipid metabolites play a role in acute inflammatory responses and also regulate normal physiological processes.
Rare SPAM1 transcripts are however not ubiquitous as revealed by their absence from human ovary, spleen, and liver [ 21 ] and murine skeletal muscle [ 22 ] . Both rare and abundant SPAM1 transcripts have been found in neoplastic breast tissue [ 23 ] and in a number of other cancers including pharyngeal [ 24 ] , metastatic melanomas and gliomas [ 25 ] . In normal somatic cells rare transcripts have been found in breast tissue [ 23 ] and in fetal, placental, and prostate cDNA libraries [ 21 ] .
All continuous variables were checked for normality using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov goodness-of-fit test and were found to follow a normal distribution closely [ 16 ] . Therefore, results are reported in terms of means ± standard deviation (SD).

This amounts to a non-parametric transformation to a normal distribution.
Primary cultures of genital fibroblasts were established from genital skin biopsies (labia majora) or gonadal biopsies in female AIS patients and from the foreskin of normal males undergoing circumcision.
We found that the heterozygous CaCET1/cacet1::UAU1 strain displayed normal growth and morphology (not shown).
However, in the pilot data set the CC were more similar to normal kidney than Chr, while in the complete data set Chr were more similar to normal kidney.
The mixture was then added to 800 μl of serum-free DMEM and the cells were incubated in this medium for 4 hours at 37°C and then cultured in normal growth medium for two days before assay.
To most of my friends in my own age group, this is considered normal.
One possible effector is the transcriptional regulator Gcr1p, whose BAGEL estimate in ethanol shock is fivefold greater than in normal log growth and whose credible intervals in the two conditions barely overlap (Figure 2).
In the consensus dendrogram, the two CC, two Chr and four normal samples each clustered in separate groups.
The concurrent amplification of mutant and normal probes is kept in balance by using the same P2 for each probe.
Our results for MHC expression in rat diaphragm from normal and emphysematous rats must be viewed first in the light of previous quantitative studies of MHC expression in normal rat diaphragm that used techniques able to separate out all known isoforms.
Ang-1 was more highly expressed in synovial tissue from RA patients than in either OA or normal synovial tissues; expression in OA tissue was similar to normal.
It needs to be pointed out, however, that since Caco-2 cells are not derived from normal human intestinal tissue, it is possible that ECaC1 could be expressed in the human intestine.
In contrast, all three fTAF II 135(805-1083) expressing cell lines and several control lines picked at the same time all showed a normal T-RA response with respect to growth inhibition, differentiated cell morphology, and targeted depletion of TAF II 135 and TBP (Fig.
Earlier than normal aggregation and cAMP pulsing also result from a lack of IfkA activity during preaggregation, and we postulate that this is due to the production and secretion of an as yet unidentified factor in early developing ifkA null cells.
Given their enormous incentive to take improper risks, it would actually be amazing if the managers at LTCM didn't respond in the normal way.
At 50-days of age rats (males tested in experiment 1 or females tested in experiment 2) were put on a limited feeding schedule and maintained at approximately 90% of normal body weight; however, animals were allowed to gain an additional 5 g per week to account for normal growth.
Because TOM20/40 staining also labeled many normal mitochondria outside of the vacuoles, the signal near the vacuole obscured the signal associated with the vacuole.
Regression coefficient differences were tested with an asymptotic normal test and the estimated probability of event curves derived from the original and validation models were plotted for comparison.
Given that grammars are often used on a systematic basis--the regularities dominate the idiosyncrasies--grammarians write and format them on that basis; yet grammars are also used, exceedingly often, on a single-shot basis, a quick in and out, just like a normal dictionary consultation.
Ocular lesions were rated as normal, mild, moderate, or severe using previously published criteria [ 11].
To test this hypothesis, we screened the gene expression patterns of islets from a normal control and a type 2 diabetic subject with Affymetrix gene chip arrays, with special reference to genes involved in DNA repair (Tyrberg & Levine, unpublished data).
These data may also offer some insight into the contribution of the prostate to the normal seminal fluid, including molecular components that may be important in fertility.
Frozen sections of the spleen, lymph nodes and Peyer's patches were incubated with 10% normal horse serum in PBS, counterstained with biotin-labeled B220 antibody followed by PE-labeled streptavidin, analyzed using a Nikon E800 fluorescent microscope with a SPOT imaging system (Diagnostic instruments, Sterling Heights, MI) and counted as previously described [ 28 ] .
While ZZZ triploids seemed like normal males that produced abnormal sperm, ZZW animals appeared female on hatching and then developed some male gonadal and behavioral characteristics as they matured [ 20].
Although areas of retina were morphologically normal in Bmp4 +/-mice, the retinal ganglion cell layer was estimated to on average contain approximately 50% the normal number of cells and the inner nuclear layer was unusually thin.
These more sensitive measures might also have detected differences between the overweight and normal weight persons, but we think this is unlikely given the absence of any differences in EVGFP.
Countries, areas, and cities used as verbs can often indicate a visit: you might hear: They Cyprused in spring or We Florida'd last fall in the course of normal conversation.
Based on in vivo ERα expression, the placentae may be divided into the two basic categories, normal placentae: NP, ERα+, and abnormal placentae: AP, ERα-.
More than 100 consecutive buffy coats from normal individuals were processed by this method and cultured.
Late cultures showed lower ERα expression in cell lysates from normal placentae when compared to that from abnormal placentae (data not shown).
Brain MRI was reportedly normal.
The activity of the mitochondrial respiratory chain enzymes, although mostly below the normal mean, was within the normal range in skeletal muscle with moderate increase (52%) in the activity of citrate synthase suggesting mitochondrial proliferation (Table 1).
In these states, the percent of CD28 -cells producing each cytokine dominates the normal young controls by a 2:1 to 3:1 margin.
Their charter, unlike normal prosecutors', is to pursue a particular person rather than a particular crime.
In contrast, SAM analysis identified 1,664 transcripts that differed significantly between proliferating and confluent cells, and 1,232 transcripts that differed between fibroblasts derived from AIS-affected individuals and normal male foreskin.
It can be seen that the 16 compartment model with normal sig_v and sig_f (red) is almost indistinguishable from the homogeneous 1 compartment model (black).
The inflammatory and vascularity scores were higher in RA synovial tissue in comparison to OA and normal.
Androgen is essential for normal prostate function, but has also been implicated in the pathogenesis and neoplasia of prostate cancer [ 1 2 26 ] . On the other hand, retinoid is essential for normal prostate function [ 7 27 28 ] and exhibits anti-proliferative and chemopreventive efficacy in experimental prostate carcinoma [ 8 9 10 ] . The dose-dependent stimulation of 3H-thymidine incorporation in LNCaP cells by T and RA when administered alone, and reciprocal suppression of such effects by each other, are consistent with previous findings [ 29 30 31 32 ] . These results illustrate interactions between androgen and retinoid in the control of LNCaP cell growth.
Tie2 was significantly upregulated in RA and OA synovial tissue lining cells (RA 71%, OA 68%), macrophages (RA 71%, OA 72%) and smooth muscle cells (RA 71%, OA 66%) compared to normal synovial tissue ( P < 0.05) using the Santa Cruz antibodies (Fig.
In MCF7/ADR cells treated with NOM (5 μM) for 10 days the cell growth rate was normal compared with control cells, as judged by staining with trypan blue.
III1-C is a recombinant fibronectin fragment that encompasses most of the first type III repeat, but is missing the A and B β-strands of the repeat [ 2 ] . We had previously found that III1-C inhibited the growth of normal diploid smooth muscle cells (SMCs) in culture [ 4 ] . During these experiments we noticed that the presence of III1-C in the culture medium affected the morphology of cells at early times after plating.
27 (with the exception of one pair, 0.09 and 0.11 for tumor [T4] and normal [N4]; Fig.
Precocious aggregation of BS153 cells reflects earlier than normal establishment of the cAMP pulsing system
Adherent monocytes, derived from whole blood of normal donors were purified from peripheral blood by lysing red blood cells using Red Blood Cell Lysis Solution (Sigma, St Louis, MO) and Ficoll Hypaque density separation technique.
We propose then that classes 1-3 represent the normal pattern of evolutionary divergence of miRNAs, and consider Drosophila candidates that fall into these classes to represent 'good' miRNA candidates.
These findings are consistent with normal appearing, preneoplastic hepatocytes forming clonal masses in the liver because M6P/IGF2R haploid insufficiency affords them with a selective growth and/or survival advantage relative to normal hepatocytes [ 46 ] .
One goal of quantifying the molecular phases was to compare the normal tim-luc time-course values to the BG-luc ones for each tissue in a cry +genetic background.
Our previous paper [ 31 ] and other studies using the flanker task suggest that performance on this task follows a roughly normal distribution.
The recurrent noncoding SLC4A9 transcripts may escape the normal mechanisms of nonsense decay [ 23] responsible for degradation of incorrectly spliced mRNAs with disrupted ORFs.
CFEOM1 patient and normal muscle sections from extraocular muscle were stained with anti-human sarcospan and anti-human spectrin antibodies.
In this system with normal PCR using Taq polymerase, the level of bridging that occured was ca 30% per kilobase of amplifed sequence.
The women were encouraged to wear the Actillume at all times with the exception of bathing and to carry on with her normal daily activities during the recording period.
In fact, uptake in the scalp and skull, which is not typically seen in images from normal patients, appears quite prominent in those with brain death, allowing definition of the contours of the head in such subjects (Fig 2).
The overall incidence of different immunophenotypic aberrancies among the 44 MF/SS patients is summarized in Table 1. We noted abnormal expression levels of CD3 by flow cytometry in 34% of patients; tumor cells were dimmer for CD3 than normal T-cell levels in 11 patients, brighter than normal for CD3 in 2 patients (Fig.
As I said, it should take any normal human being at least two weeks to get through Mason & Dixon --but that begs the question of whether Pynchon's writings are intended for normal human beings.
On young John's rejection of "normal," that twee, tired word, turns the action of this book.
Fearful that Republicans will unilaterally dictate the resolution's language, Democrats refuse to consider it, preferring to end the trial and then debate a censure resolution under normal Senate rules, which would give Democrats the protective power of the filibuster.
(3) Although precise figures should remain elusive (under normal circumstances), publishing the figures in the current climate of suspicion will clear the air, defuse anger, and enable people to move on.
Also, simulations using contaminant data located close to the true mode (67 thpercentile) showed that mode estimators performed poorly under those conditions, as noted elsewhere [ 2 ] , especially with the normal and coarse original distributions.
HG25221a cells were transfected with the normal and mutant GFP-BLM genes and stable hygromycin-resistant cell lines were selected.
The BS cell line used here lacks BLM [ 10] and all cell lines obtained from transfection of the normal GFP-BLM gene had a background level of constitutive expression leading to a partially corrected SCE frequency relative to the parental line (40 vs. 58) [ 10].
Despite the limitations discussed above, the Tet-on system allowed isolation of inducible cell lines which more accurately paralleled normal than did lines with a constitutive promoter, and allowed the isolation and evaluation of cell lines expressing deleterious alleles.
While most of the low TDF regions in normal brain remain low in brain tumor, a few regions did become high TDF regions in brain tumor tissues (Table 3).
Of these, 6 individuals (3 affected and 3 normal) were homozygous CC (exon 17), 15 (11 affected and 4 normal) were heterozygous TC (exon 17) and three were heterozygous AG (exon 23).
Of the 23 subjects studied, 5 (3 affected and 2 normal) were heterozygous Ala/Val.
This sample group was also enriched for the mutant genotype, containing 89 homozygous normal, 48 heterozygous and 1 homozygous mutant (the single mutant was repeated 29 times) for the H63 allele and 84 normal, 93 heterozygous and 13 homozygous mutant patient samples for the C282 allele.
The Btk mutations found in XLA patients and the xid mouse show that Btk is required for normal B cell development, but the important pathways activated by Btk have yet to be fully identified.
Final booster was given in normal saline, intraperitonealy, just four days before fusion.
Jejunal glucose absorption was enhanced in patients with cystic fibrosis when measured with catheter perfusion techniques [ 25 ] . Ussing chamber studies of intact CF biopsy specimens suggest that glucose and alanine uptake rates are markedly increased in cystic fibrosis [ 26 ] . Taylor also studied intact jejunal biopsies and found that the rate of active sodium/glucose transport approximately doubled in CF compared to normal jejunum [ 27 ] .
At 3 months post-discharge, a repeat upper and lower endoscopy with terminal ileum intubation and random biopsies were normal.
Further understanding the down-stream signaling events in such interaction will provide new insights into the mechanisms underlying normal and pathologic growth of prostate cells, and will facilitate the use of retinoid analogs in the prevention or treatment of such diseases as prostate cancer.
Thus, both the normal and tumor DNA templates were amplified in three independent PCR reactions, and assessed for tumor M6P/IGF2R loss of heterozygosity.
The morphology of epithelial cells, the number of layers and the intercellular contacts were close to normal.
- non-palmoplantar (non-PP) or palmoplantar (PP) - normal (nonplantar, plantar, palmar from keloid patient biopsies) or abnormal (from keloid biopsies).
The most obvious is that it provides a mechanism for generating embryos that express alleles that are predicted, or known, to be detrimental to normal embryonic development, for example dominant-negative or gain-of-function alleles.
A bypass of the ORF at the 5' end of the α 1S mRNA in favor of a presumed ORF at Met701 is unlikely because a C-terminal fragment of the size expressed by α 1S Δ1-700 has not been detected in skeletal muscle with the SKI antibody [ 34 ] or other antibodies [ 25 ] . Thus Met701 is not an internal initiation site under normal circumstances.
Moreover, it is possible that β-cells from patients with longstanding diabetes have a higher threshold for an apoptotic response to DNA-damage than β-cells in normal subjects, as it has been shown that this threshold increases with age [ 43 ] . Consequently, β-cells with high levels of DNA damage from younger individuals with a shorter duration of diabetes might be eliminated by apoptosis, while similarly damaged β-cells from older individuals, who are likely to have had diabetes for a longer time may be resistant to apoptosis and so remain.
In normal cells, p27 is sequestered and its activity gradually decreases as cells reach S phase, p27 preferentially binds cyclin D-cdk4, but lower levels of cdk4 (in TGF-β treated cells) allow p27 to be available for binding to the cyclin E-cdk2 and cyclin A-cdk2.
To interpret the results of the competition binding studies, we assume that the mutation in Smo act, like those in constitutively activate mutants of other GPCRs [ 29 ] , indirectly influences ligand binding by creating a change in the normal equilibrium between the different conformations of Smo.
Levels of expression of each gene were assessed by comparing with the respective control values, obtained from the averages calculated from 2 to 4 normal testes, after normalization against ACTB . All tumors with promoter hypermethylation of the MGMT and MLH1 genes exhibited an absence or down-regulated expression of the respective gene, while 8 of 10 cases with RASSF1A methylation and 3 of 5 tumors with RARB methylation showed down-regulated expression (Table 1).
A recent study of βERKO mice has shown that ERβ is not required for the normal prepubertal development of the mammary gland but for organization and adhesion of epithelial cells during pregnancy and hence for differentiated tissue morphology [ 23 ] . These observations indicate a possibility of complementary (sequential) roles of ERα and ERβ, since ERα appears to be required for the basic development of estrogen sensitive tissues and ERβ seems to be required for their functional maturation.
The antibodies identify large cells in the inflamed joint lining, but they do not stain blood vessels of either normal or inflamed synovium (Marinova-Mutafchieva, personal communication).
In analysis of the full experimental set, for any given antibody all sections were stained at the same time so as to be directly comparable, and a normal mouse embryo section was included as a positive control.
The metastatic cancer cell DNA was used as the 'driver' and the DNA from the normal cells was the 'tester'.
Positive clones (showing signals in normal cell DNA and missing in metastatic cell DNA) were sequenced.
A high percentage of node-positive primary tumors (73%), metastatic carcinomas (73% and 100% concordance between primary tumor and associated metastasis, respectively), primary carcinomas without metastases (89%), benign breast specimens (70%) and normal (60%) breast specimens were positive for TYRP-1 staining (Fig.
The biological function of and any clinical significance of TYRP-1 expression in normal or malignant breast carcinomas are presently unknown.
In this paper, we discuss the problem when a nonparametric method, the normal mixture model approach [ 10], is used to detect differential expression.
Loss-of-function mutations of filamin disrupt the normal function of these actin cytoskeletal structures.
To identify the effects of androgen treatment on gene expression in genital fibroblasts, we carried out a set of 21 DNA microarray analyses of mRNA from normal and AIS genital fibroblasts.
Many cell types, including lung fibroblasts, contain cyclooxygenase (COX), a proximal enzyme in prostanoid production, and can generate prostanoids [ 19 ] . It has been previously reported that IPF lung fibroblasts have decreased COX-2 expression compared to normal lung fibroblasts and, hence, have decreased PGE 2 production [ 12 20 21 ] . Because of these findings and the fact that PGs are important fibroblast regulators, we sought to investigate whether abnormalities in COX-2 expression could be associated with an altered balance between profibrotic and antifibrotic PGs.
The log of PMSD will provide an approximately normal variate useful for control charting.
In normal cycling cells, Rad26-GFP localized to between 4 - 8 dots (Figure 1B).
HOXA13 was expressed at high levels in normal male foreskin fibroblasts and at low levels in all AIS and extragenital fibroblasts (Figure 2).
They embarrassed the hell out of me, and I swore I would grow up to be normal.
Small increases in pCO 2 (5-20% above normal) cause decreased cerebral excitability and an increased electroshock seizure threshold.
Studies using the Continuous Performance Task (CPT) have shown that the d' signal detection component of CPT performance has a heritability among normal subjects of 0.49 [ 22 ] . The Span of Apprehension task (SPAN), a visual search task, has been shown to have an heritability among normal subjects of 0.65 [ 23 ] and the P/N ratio of the Spontaneous Selective Attention Task (SSAT) was shown to have an heritability among normal subjects of 0.41 [ 24 ] . Twin studies using discordant twins affected with schizophrenia show that spatial working memory, divided attention, choice reaction time and selective attention [ 25 ] and attentional set-shifting [ 26 ] are underlain by inherited factors.
β-Tubulin class III in normal tissues is a highly specific marker for neurons [ 10 19 ] and we therefore attribute most of the β-tubulin class III antibody reactivity in the breast tissues to the weak stromal reactivity and presence of nerve fibers.
The corresponding normal lung tissues were found to be negative for PDGFR-α.
All of the N-terminal deletion proteins except for ΔN4 show nucleolar morphologies and SCE frequencies close to normal.
Addition of MTX to fura-2 -loaded BAECs, suspended in a cuvette in normal Ca 2+-containing buffer at 37°C, produced a time-dependent increase in [Ca 2+] i (Fig 1, upper panel ). Addition of either U73122 or U73343, the inactive analog, ~3 min before MTX produced a concentration-dependent inhibition of the change in [Ca 2+] i . U73343 exhibited a 3-fold greater potency compared to U73122 (Fig 1, insets ). Since U73343 has no significant effect on PLC over the concentration range employed [ 14 25 26 27 ] , these results suggest that inhibition of the MTX-induced response is independent of PLC.
It is generally accepted that the driving force for cell movement is provided by the dynamic reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton, directing protrusion (lamellipodia and filopodia) at the front of the cell and retraction at the rear [ 30 31 ] . Although we have not examined the ultrastructure of the dermal fibroblasts at the edge of wound sites, we showed previously by electron microscopy that in the lens of SPARC-null mice numerous cellular processes extended into the ECM of the lens capsule [ 23 ] . We further showed that, in contrast to the abnormal filopodial projections at the lens cell-ECM interface, cell-cell contacts between the neighboring lens epithelial cells and between the lens epithelial and fiber cells were normal [ 23 ] . The results indicate that disassembly of cell-cell contacts between lens cells is not taking place, despite the forward movement of the lens cells into the ECM of the capsule.
Each data set was defined using combinations of the following six parameters, modeled in part after the study of Bickel [ 13 ] but with slightly larger variance (standard deviation parameter = 2) to more closely approximate real biological data sets [ 7 9 ] , additional levels, distributions, and locations of contamination, and other features: (1) Type of original distribution: normal (mode = 6), lognormal (mode = 1, median = 2.72), and coarse (mode = 6.25) distributions (Figure 2a).
It is possible that some of these pathways have important roles in reprogramming the normal prostate cell in response to androgen [ 33].
The hydroxylation might be followed by a second oxidative step that could remove the hydroxymethyl group, restoring the normal base in DNA.
Retraining on these 34 genes gave no errors in a 3-way (normal, early tumor, metastatic disease) classification of 53 patients (unpublished data).
A Control group was reared in the normal housing area (background room noise = 45-55 dB), and was pair-housed by treatment at weaning (P21).
Different Bmp4 heterozygotes had high, low or normal IOP.
Due to the variability in both anterior segment abnormalities and IOP, we reasoned that histological analysis of eyes with high versus normal IOP might provide insight to the extent of abnormalities required to cause elevated IOP.
After the 10 min pulse labeling, cells were either immediately lysed (see below) or washed with normal growth media and then "chased" by incubation in normal growth media for the indicated times.
The data argue that the CD28 -cell may serve as a natural endpoint in the differentiation of CD8 +cells, as proposed by Effros et al [ 27 ] , where aging represents a "normal endpoint" that occurs after many years of immune activity, while AIDS represents an accelerated endpoint due to the increase rate in T cell formation during attempted compensation for CD4 +loss induced by HIV.
Reference mRNA contained equal mixtures of fibroblast mRNA (pooled from confluent and proliferating cultures of normal and AIS genital skin fibroblasts) and a 'common reference' of mRNAs isolated from 11 different proliferating cultured tumor cell lines that we have described previously [ 33 ] .
Average and individual ranks for particular levels of contamination shown in Table 1are for two simulation sets (normal and lognormal), each using normal contamination located at twice the 99 thpercentile and with a sample size of 100.
Since we have shown that artificial removal of the prosequence of HsN3 leads to a blockage of the normal assembly of HsN3 into the mature proteasome (Fig.
Safe Concentration - The highest concentration of toxicant that will permit normal propagation of fish and other aquatic life in receiving waters.
For example, underweight women averaged 4.50 YHL compared to 4.92 for normal women, and the common standard deviation was 1.44.
Iron is necessary in the synthesis of collagen [ 39 ] , and collagen content has been shown to be reduced in iron deficient hearts [ 40 ] . If this is similarly true for arteries in iron deficient animals, a significant increase in distensibility would result, altering the normal pressure-volume relationship.
However, it has been reported recently that morphologically normal M I spindles are formed but further meiotic progression does not occur in porcine oocytes matured in a cytochalasin B-containing medium [ 38].
A people so justifiably famous for hospitality, politeness, and respect also produced an army whose brutality during its occupation of Southeast Asia during the war remains a stumbling block to “normal” international relations.
IFN-γ and TNF-α were not expressed by normal peripheral blood CD4 +memory T cells, although they were expressed by RA peripheral blood CD4 +memory T cells.
A large protein complex, counting factor, was purified from conditioned medium and shown to be involved in causing streaming cells to break up into groups of cells in order to generate mounds and subsequent developmental structures of the desired size [ 12 13 ] . One of the subunits of counting factor was identified and characterized, and cells that are null for the Countin subunit lack counting factor activity [ 13 ] . The result is massively large mounds and subsequent structures, with fruits that are too large to maintain their normal upright posture.
Subsequent readmission of Ca 2+to the bath produced an increase in ethidium uptake that again followed a biphasic time course, virtually identical to the profile observed when MTX was added to cells incubated with normal Ca 2+-containing medium.
Since it was not feasible to label this many samples at one time, a balanced experimental design was used processing groups of 10 μg and 2 μg samples for the same animal together and always labeling an equal number of normal and vitamin-deficient samples at one time.
But hype itself means "intentional excess to create attention" ( Webster's New World Dictionary of Media and Communications ), implying that the normal level is by definition excessive.
The joint normal distribution may be truncated at a considerable distance from its peak, along an elliptical probability contour within the positive quadrant [ 44], yielding a ratio z 
In addition, when the joints were analyzed 17 days after viral injection, at a time when the muscle size returned to normal, the joint still could not move freely.
Samples were then taken in darkness at 6 time points referenced to the normal LD cycle in which they had been maintained (referred to as Zeitgeber Time).

Its accuracy reaches about 10 -4and ensures that only very few abnormal products are synthesised under normal conditions [ 1].
Whereas fashion photography--in the '50s as always--aimed to arouse active lust for new goods, the clothes in '50s movies were so thoroughly surreal as to look quite unfit for normal wear, even if they were waitresses' uniforms or girl-next-door dresses.
These cells appeared as clusters of about 3-5 cells, located midway between adjacent somite borders, consistent with the normal position of CaP and VaP motor neurons.
In addition to these functions in the developing CNS, GABA signaling is also required for the normal development of non-neural tissues.
The ALMs were close to their normal positions in the strains made with 2, 4, 8, 16 and 32 μg/ml of pJC4 but showed a clear migration defect at 64 and 128 μg/ml of pJC4.
This describes various distributions, including the normal, logistic, triangular (where the probability density is unimodal, dropping off linearly to zero in each direction, forming a triangular density function), and others.
She had an elevated ammonia level of 357 μmol/L (normal range: 22-48), lactic acid of 10 mmol/l (normal range: 0.2-2), elevated transaminases with an alanine aminotransferase of 69 U/L (normal range: 10-25), an aspartate aminotransferase of 162 U/L (normal range: 15-50), and hypothermia with deteriorating neurological condition.
The first three variables have a multivariate normal distribution with mean vectors (0,0,0), (2,-2,2), and (-2,2,-2), respectively, and covariance matrix Σ, where σ 
In this case, 40 μg SPM retinal proteins from normal and rdta mice were used.
Also included were postimmunization serial sera from eight normal healthy women who had received 6000 plaque forming units of the live attenuated Towne vaccine as a single subcutaneous injection.
She had an elevated ammonia level of 357 μmol/L (normal range: 22-48), lactic acid of 10 mmol/l (normal range: 0.2-2), elevated transaminases with an alanine aminotransferase of 69 U/L (normal range: 10-25), an aspartate aminotransferase of 162 U/L (normal range: 15-50), and hypothermia with deteriorating neurological condition.
Measles virus was the first infectious agent shown to induce TRAIL production [ 36 ] . Other studies have demonstrated induction of TRAIL by Theiler's murine encephalomyelitis virus (TMEV) in M1-D cells (a myelomonocytic precursor cell line) [ 37 ] , reovirus infection in fibroblasts [ 38 ] , HIV-1 infection in CD4 +T cells [ 39 ] , and adenovirus in 239T cells [ 40 ] . The demonstration of caspase-8 involvement in S. aureus -induced apoptosis is complemented by a recent report from our laboratory that S. aureus induces expression of TRAIL by infected osteoblasts [ 41 ] . We reported that S. aureus strongly induces TRAIL expression by both normal mouse and normal human osteoblasts, while mRNAs encoding the death-domain-containing TRAIL receptors are constitutively expressed in the same cells.
Again, the induction of IFN-γ production in RAPB memory T cells was less than noted in normal blood.
It should be noted that individual symptoms may occur in normal persons at various times and that memory commonly declines in normal old age.
Short-term CD81 cross-linking on normal human T cells is shown to co-stimulate T cell activation (via antigen or superantigen), extending previous findings in mouse splenocytes [ 16 ] and human PBMC [ 17 ] . The effect appears to be a direct consequence of CD81 triggering on T cells.
so could he please pretend things are "normal."
For IP control, 0.5 μg of normal rabbit IgG was used instead of anti-Cdk2 rabbit polyclonal antibody.
As our tyrosine phosphorylated Cas SD chimera can interact with v-crk, we decided to find out if the chimera would affect cell growth and/or transformation in normal cells and those transformed with v-crk.
Results obtained are easy to interpret, since there is a striking difference between normal bronchoepithelium and premalignant lesions.
Thus, an intervention to improve the health of underweight women to that of their normal weight peers could be performed using either YHL or YOL as the outcome variable.
I'm not weird; I'm normal.
A tumor was considered to have lost expression when the gene showed complete lack of expression or at least 50% reduction from the normalized values obtained from the average calculated utilizing 2 to 4 normal testes.
For preparation of protein lysates from placental tissue and ovarian cancer for western blot analysis, including control Cdk2 and normal rabbit immunoglobulin immunoprecipitates (IP), 150 cryostat tissue sections (7μm) were collected into microcentrifuge tubes and lysed by adding ice-cold lysis buffer (20 mM Tris pH 7.5, 200 mM NaCl, 0.25% Nonidet P-40; 400 μl/100 mg of tissue sections) containing 1 mM sodium orthovanadate, 10 mM sodium fluoride, and 1 mM phenylmethylsulfonyl fluoride.
Though there was significant cytoskeletal alterations and lipid peroxidation at 4 hours after H 2 O 2 treatment, nuclear staining using bisbenzimide (Hoechst 33258) indicated that most cells maintained normal nuclear morphology at this time (Fig.
Trophoblast cells from normal placentae cultured in PhR+ medium formed mid-sized syncytial clusters in early cultures and large syncytial clusters in late cultures (l, Fig.
The peripheral cornea was often thinner than normal with neovascularization.
The normal BLM cDNA reduced the SCE frequency from 58 to 24 exchanges per 46 chromosomes.
The normal GFP-BLM fusion protein localizes to NBs and the nucleolus (Figure 4B) as previously reported for BLM in normal human fibroblasts [ 20].
In the extreme situation, as mk → ∞, by the Central Limit Theorem, the mixture model will reduce to a single-component normal distribution.
High levels (50% above normal) produce EEG depression [ 18].
The second fibroblast line from an AR mosaic patient, ARD465 (Table 1), had very low wild-type AR expression and showed baseline gene-expression patterns that were nevertheless more similar to normal male foreskin and prostate fibroblasts than to any of the AIS-derived cell lines (Figure 2).
This indicates that these pro-apoptotic molecules are not required for normal iridocorneal angle development.
Also, the possibility that the changes in the low M/Z region may represent an additive effect caused by differing protein environments between cancer and normal may be approached by intentionally spiking samples with panels of known proteins, and determining if there is an effect on the spectra in the low M/Z region.
One OCP annealed perfectly to the normal sequence of interest, and the other targeted the mutant.
Unlike males, which continue to generate sperm cells by mitosis throughout their reproductive lives, mammalian females are generally born with their full complement of (meiotic) gametes [ 30 ] . The normal chronology of ovarian development follows a definitive pattern.
The development of CC is preceded by distinct morphological changes from normal epithelium to carcinoma through low-grade and high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesions (SILs).
Resolution of normal dermal wound healing requires a decrease in scar cellularity so as to prevent excessive collagen accumulation and wound contraction.
This causes the break-up of the aggregating stream into groups of the normal number of cells [ 43 ] . Thus, the large size of the structures formed by developing BS153 cells can be accounted for by the lower extracellular Countin concentration and thus a lack of breaking up into smaller groups of cells.
This HLA type occurs among 60% of patients with autoimmune disease and antibodies to U1-70 kD, but its prevalence in the normal healthy individuals is only about 25% [ 16 30 ] . Hence, if the association between HLA DR4 and the presence of antibodies to U1-70 kD exists for healthy individuals and if, due to selection bias, our population contained very few (<4%) DR4-positive individuals and the population of Newkirk et al . contained a very high (≥ 50%) prevalence of DR4-positive subjects, this could account for the observed differences.
IDO regulates adhesion of cells to normal growth substrates.
We identified 142 genes that were significantly upregulated in CC compared to normal kidneys and 213 that were significantly down regulated.
Hierarchical cluster analysis of genes and experiments based on cDNAs identified as being significantly different in expression between normal genital skin fibroblasts and genital skin fibroblasts of female patients with AIS.
The heritability of reaction time has also been observed in other twin studies on normal subjects [ 25 ] . In genetic studies where cognitive assays for executive control or general intelligence depend on reaction time measures, the heritability of lower levels of processing involved in RT may thus influence the performance scores.
Lung development in all the pups looked normal as viewed on H&E stained thin sections.
During preparation of this manuscript, an expression profiling study of seven renal neoplasms (four CC, 2 oncocytomas, and one Chr) was reported [ 24 ] . This study employed a different platform (Incyte glass slide cDNA microarray) and hybridization method (competitive tumor/normal binding), and used related but not identical gene selection criteria (two fold-change in expression versus normal kidney in at least two of the seven tumors).
These female AIS-affected individuals are thought to have acquired their AR gene mutations post-zygotically [ 12 ] . ARD364, which showed AR protein expression and binding in the range of normal male foreskin fibroblasts ( [ 7 ] and see Table 1), despite its origin from anatomically female genitalia, had a gene-expression pattern indistinguishable from foreskin fibroblasts of normal males (Figure 2).
Studies of IL-7R mutants showed relatively normal thymocyte maturation at fetal stages, albeit with reduced thymocyte numbers, in contrast to a severe block in thymocyte differentiation in adult thymus [ 49 ] . Analysis of cytokine mutants during fetal stages could therefore reveal a more complete picture of the role of these cytokines during fetal thymus development.
Whole chromosome probe 13 showed signal on the normal 13 as well as on the derivative X chromosome.
In EA485, the ALMs were usually anterior to their normal positions; the average position was 4.2 (n=175) on this scale.
Of the other main entries, macedonian cry or macedonian call, macedonian-persian , and macedonian pine , each shows “ usu cap .” As all of these entries are conventionally capitalized in normal English, it is difficult to fathom the rationale for the treatment, and 5 CAPITALIZATION , in the Explanatory Notes, reveals nothing useful.
EST sequences in GenBank are derived from cDNA libraries generated from a vast array of tissue types including normal, disease-state, and variously treated tissues.
The fact that we only found two such events suggests that whereas single inversions are a simple perversion of the normal retrotransposition process such as twin priming, doubly inverted elements require some other extremely rare event to occur.
No differences in transcript levels could be discerned between DHT treated and control cells in either normal foreskin fibroblasts or fibroblasts from AIS affected 46, XY females.
Although telomerase expression is a hallmark of cancer, the mice lacking the RNA component of telomerase (mTERC) exhibit progressive telomere shortening and chromosomal instability associated with epithelial tumors [ 12 ] . Consistent with the established role of this enzyme in cell immortalization and cancer pathogenesis [ 18 ] , we did not find expression in normal cervix while it was abundantly present in all eight cell lines studied (Fig.
Plasma membrane microparticles (MP) of endothelial origin have been identified in normal human blood [ 1 2 3 ] and increased counts of MP carrying endothelial antigens were documented in the blood of patients with lupus anticoagulant [ 1 ] , acute coronary syndrome [ 4 ] , thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura [ 5 ] or in patients with exacerbated multiple sclerosis [ 6 ] . Similarly to blood platelets, endothelial cells release MP which express phosphatidylserine (PS) on their surface.
This was also the case with the mutants we describe here, all of which formed normal or near normal amounts of capsids in single-chain homodimers and in their heterodimers with wild-type, Y85H and T91I (results not shown).
Half of the eyes were from Bmp4 +/-mice and half were normal littermates.
In our earlier studies, comparable rats at one year of age failed to regain normal skeletal biomechanics within six months of femoral fracture, while younger rats regained normal biomechanics within four weeks after fracture [ 11].
Such a separation of tumor from normal T-cells is also important in assessing the effects of therapies on normal leukocytes.
Nop1 localization was also perturbed in tab1-1 and srp1-31, but was normal in tab3, TAB5, TAB6, and TAB7 cells (Table 2; [ 18 ] ), suggesting that a gross change in nucleolar structure is not required for bypass.
Technology watchdogs call the egg auction another chapter in the cultural slide marked by Jennycam (a Web site featuring live video of a young woman undressing and doing other normal activities in her apartment), the promised Webcast of a man and woman losing their virginity together (which turned out to be a hoax), and a human kidney auction that was conducted and aborted on eBay last month.
, carteolol, had normal calcium cycling, normal myocardial energetics,normal β 1 receptor density as well as regression of myocytehypertrophy and reduced connective tissue content [ 18 ] . Furthermore, administration of carteolol hasbeen reported to prevent the development of virally induced cardiomyopathyin a murine model [ 25 ] . In a canine modelwith left ventricular dysfunction produced by multiple sequentialintracoronary microembolizations, long term treatment with metoprolol,a β 1 -selective blocker, has been reported to preventthe progression of LV systolic dysfunction and LV chamber dilatation [ 26 ] . Similarly, our present findings onthe effect of carvedilol indicated improvement of left ventricularfunction and smaller LV volumes.
In recent years, several authors have proposed a syndrome of occult AI in septic shock in the presence of normal or even elevated serum cortisol concentrations.
The objective of the present study was to assess the functional state of osteoclasts in estrogen-treated mice by determining if osteoclasts retained tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase activity (TRAP) and normal ultrastructural features.
After being air dried, each chamber was covered with 50 ul of a 1:50 dilution of DEN2-specific hyperimmune mouse ascitic fluid (HMAF, American Type Culture Collection) in PBS plus 2% normal goat serum and incubated at room temperature for 1 h in a humidified atmosphere and then rinsed twice in PBS.
TBX2 showed an almost identical expression profile to TBX3 , whereas high TBX5 expression appeared to be restricted to foreskin fibroblasts from normal males (including those from the phenotypically female mosaic patient ARD364).
It has long been known that the sera of patients who suffer from melanoma or mammary carcinoma show higher tyrosinase activity than normal sera [ 35 ] but, to our knowledge, this is the first report of TYRP-1 expression in human breast duct epithelium.
For the total cases of each of the three identified diseases, the point estimate is replaced by a normal distribution, with a mean of the point estimate and a standard deviation of 10 percent of the point estimate.

Clinton is also a capable leader, so it is normal for him to be very good at sex."
Cerebrospinal fluid analysis revealed an isolated increased WBC of 14 with a normal protein level.
The ARD364 and ARD465 lines express wild-type AR and were derived from individuals who were mosaics for wild-type AR and AR with a premature stop codon [ 7 ] . Hierarchical cluster analysis, based on the expression of 472 of the 487 previously identified transcripts with measurable expression across at least 80% of 24 experiments, separated the fibroblasts into those with gene-expression patterns resembling normal male foreskin fibroblasts and a second group with an expression pattern more similar to labial skin fibroblasts from AIS-affected individuals (Figure 2).
Of note, there was a significant ( P < 0.05) increase in the percentage of cells that secreted IFN-γ alone compared with normal cells (11 ± 2% versus 6 ± 1%), whereas there was no difference between normal blood and RAPB in the number of cells that secreted IL-4 alone (4 ± 1%) or in the frequency of those rare cells that produced the combination of IL-4 and IFN-γ (1 ± 0%).
The virus and cells were incubated for 2 hours, after which DMEM was added to bring culture to normal growth volume and 7% FBS.
To test if deficiency of carbonic anhydrase II leads to decreased IOP, we analyzed mice of a B6 background that were genetically similar but with normal or mutant alleles of the Car2 gene [ 25 26 ] . There was no difference in IOP between normal and mutant mice (Figure 9, P = 0.5).
Our assumption is in agreement with our previous findings, which have revealed that focal disruptions of ME cell layers could lead to a significantly higher proliferation rate in subjacent epithelial cells [ 12 33 ] . Our assumption is also supported by a recent study showing that normal and tumor-derived ME cells differ substantially in their ability to interact with luminal breast epithelial cells for polarity and basement membrane deposition [ 37 ] . Further studies are currently in progress to elucidate the biological behavior and genetic profile of epithelial cells immediately subjacent to these SMA-negative ME cells.
Total RNA was extracted from human breast cell lines, frozen breast tumor tissues and normal breast tissues with Trizol reagent (Invitrogen, Gaithersburg, MD, USA) in accordance with the manufacturer's protocol.
We demonstrate that although Her2/neu levels in tumor tissues were 5-30-fold those in normal tissues, there was no correlation between the Her2/neu biomarker and tubulin isotype levels.
This supports a view that, regardless of pathophysiology, the intensity of in vivo ERα expression can be utilized for discrimination between the two basic categories only, the normal (NP; PT1 and PT2) and the abnormal placentae (AP; PT3 and PT4).
Three months postoperatively, the epithelium covering the ablation zone exceeded normal thickness only in very few locations (fig 8).
Each cluster is randomly chosen to contain 25 or 50 observations, with means randomly chosen as N( o 10 , 3.6 I 10 ). The observations in a given cluster are independently drawn from a normal distribution with identity covariance matrix and appropriate mean vector.
, carteolol, had normal calcium cycling, normal myocardial energetics,normal β 1 receptor density as well as regression of myocytehypertrophy and reduced connective tissue content [ 18 ] . Furthermore, administration of carteolol hasbeen reported to prevent the development of virally induced cardiomyopathyin a murine model [ 25 ] . In a canine modelwith left ventricular dysfunction produced by multiple sequentialintracoronary microembolizations, long term treatment with metoprolol,a β 1 -selective blocker, has been reported to preventthe progression of LV systolic dysfunction and LV chamber dilatation [ 26 ] . Similarly, our present findings onthe effect of carvedilol indicated improvement of left ventricularfunction and smaller LV volumes.
Only probe sets that are present in at least one-half of the samples from one of the treatment groups (either normal or deficient diet) were used for further analysis, we call this the "detection filter".
Therefore, we suspected that these normal amplification products were derived from the normal FBN1 alleles, and that the mutant alleles were not amplified by this approach because they carry gross genomic deletions.
The most typical corneal morphology is demonstrated in fig 2. The appearance of collagen fibrils and stromal keratocytes was close to normal in both groups of specimens.
Convention can scarcely be said to have had a stabilizing effect in the realms of education and psychology: both are so jargon-ridden that normal conversation with and even among practitioners is often impossible without the continual explanation of terminology and perpetual hedging of definition.
Although it is difficult to prove that individuals carrying such traits are as fit as their normal relatives, it is likely that the precise regulation of many genes is allowed to vary considerably.
Endothelial cells showed relatively high Tie2 positive staining in all disease groups (RA 71%, OA 66%, normal 49%).
Mitochondria isolated from TRMA lymphoblasts took up ThDP in an essentially identical saturable, biphasic fashion as uptake by normal mitochondria (fig.
… We think that Microsoft's actions have been entirely normal competitive behavior."
Finally, development of the angle in Fas and Fasl null mice was normal indicating this system of cell death regulators that can kill TM cells [ 30] is not required for TM channel formation.
Five tumor bearing mice from each group were killed 24 h after one dose of DOX for determination of the acute effects of DOX on the sensitized tumors and normal tissues.
While this is not unexpected, it suggests that the distribution of log 2 (ratio) values does not deviate badly from normal.
For use of fetal growth as a predictor variable, previously published methods either assume a normal distribution of birth weights at each completed week of gestation, [ 20 ] or include both birth weight and gestational age in multivariable regression models.
RPAs were performed using the RNA isolated from leukemic LGL, normal PBMC and normal PBMC activated by IL-2 and PHA.
Traits were simulated from a binomial distribution Bin ( n , p ) where sample sizes n = 100 and n = 500 were utilized, and from a normal distribution N ( , 1.0) with n = 500.
Since thiosulfate may contribute to sample toxicity, a thiosulfate control should be used in the test in addition to the normal dilution water control.
Immunoprecipitate with normal rabbit immunoglobulin (lane 4) served as a negative IP control.
1. Myocardial infarction (events without documentation of previous infarction during the admission): creatine kinase-myocardial band (CK-MB) level above the upper limit of normal (ULN) and ≥ 3% of total CK.
3 mg/ml), and 10% normal human serum [ 17].
In practice, the BATF interprets this to mean that any health claim must be fully balanced and says it "considers it extremely unlikely that such a balanced claim would fit on a normal alcoholic beverage label."
Glucocorticoids (GC's) are the effectors of stress and necessarily impact multiple target tissues during normal function.
On the other hand, the moderate incidence of complications suggests that colistin may be a relatively safe choice in patients with normal renal function, at least when administered in an ICU with proper monitoring of variables that affect renal function.
Thus, T cells isolated from RAST and RASF demonstrated a decrease in IL-2-producing cells, with a concomitant increase in IFN-γ-producing cells when compared with normal blood and RAPB Tm.
The normal GFP-BLM fusion protein localizes to NBs and the nucleolus (Figure 4B) as previously reported for BLM in normal human fibroblasts [ 20].
Fetal alcohol syndrome (FAS) children do not display the normal hemispheric dominance patterns observed in non-FAS children [ 1 ] . Dominance has been disrupted or is, in some cases, completely absent, depending on the amount of tissue loss in the corpus callosum.
Additionally, all disease groups demonstrated minimal percentages of Tie1 cell staining on synovial tissue lymphocytes (RA 1%, OA 2%, normal 6%) and fibroblasts (RA 18%, OA 18%, normal 30%).
1 (affected) homozygous Val/Val and 17 (13 affected and 4 normal) were homozygous Ala/Ala.
Natural autoantibodies are present in the blood of normal healthy individuals, and they are almost exclusively IgM antibodies, although some IgG and IgA natural autoantibodies can also be detected, that bind to a variety of self-antigens, including self IgG [ 4, 27].

That is patent rubbish, of course, for it can easily be demonstrated that written language cannot be ignored for a variety of reasons: the more formalized versions of language that are reflected there, the relatively complex constructions that are accepted as normal to writing but would be difficult to construct viva voce and difficult to assimilate unless read, the preservation of fossilized forms--both words and grammar--made possible by written records, and so on.
Of course, we might well come to conclude that the patient's blood pressure has changed , or that the reading does not represent the patient's normal blood pressure (if, for example, we had reason to think that the patient was under stress at the time).
Using the selected gene sets from Table 3and the p-values and fold-change values calculated from the eight normal kidneys and nine CC, we looked for concordance between our results and published reports.
The paper notes that all other bombing videos released to the press during the war were shown at normal speed.
Both are accompanied by a destruction of the normal lung parenchyma and the production of newly formed vessels.
Some reports suggest that IgA deficiency segregates with a HLA haplotype(s) containing A*01, B*08 in some families [ 4 5 6 19 20 ] . Thus, we analyzed the frequencies of the haplotype A*01-B*08 in the present index patients grouped according to presence of normal or subnormal pre-treatment serum concentrations of IgG, IgA, and IgM, respectively.
However, recent studies have indicated that large numbers of virus-specific CD8 +T cells preferentially accumulate in the synovial fluid of RA patients and that these cells are also oligoclonal, suggesting that non-antigen-specific homing may be responsible for the observed oligoclonality of CD8 +T cells in the synovial fluid [ 6 ] . Because chemokines such as macrophage inflammatory protein-1α and RANTES (regulated upon activation, normal T-cell expressed and secreted) are expressed in RA synovial tissue [ 7 8 ] , subsets of CD8 +T cells may be preferentially recruited into the synovial tissue in a non-antigen-specific manner.
1% gelatin, 1% normal goat serum, 0.3% Triton-X-100 in TBS), placed in primary antibody (1:10 diluted in blocking buffer for all antibodies used) for 2 hours at room temperature, rinsed 3 times for 5 min each in TBS, placed in gold-conjugated secondary antibodies (10 nm gold anti-mouse and 5 nm gold anti-rabbit) for 1 hour, rinsed 3 times in TBS, fixed in 2% glutaraldehyde, rinsed 3 times in TBS, rinsed in water, stained with Reynold=s lead citrate followed by aqueous 2% uranyl acetate, dried on filter paper and viewed using a Philips CM10 transmission electron microscope.
Visual stimulation was chosen in particular because of the known predilection of the cerebrovascular abnormalities in Fabry disease for the posterior circulation [ 7 10 ] . The lack of an increase or decrease in visual rCBF reactivity in Fabry disease suggests normal neuro-vascular coupling mechanism [ 18 19 ] .
Thus, the effect of consumption of FOC on GPX activity was different in the tumor than in the normal host liver or colon.
This is partial correction as normal cell lines have from 4-10 exchanges per 46 chromosomes [ 1].
Osteoclasts are critical for both the continuous remodeling of normal bone tissue as well as the repair of fractured bones [ 2 ] . During normal bone remodeling, osteoclast-mediated bone resorption is balanced by osteoblast-mediated bone formation, resulting in the maintenance of skeletal bone mass.
PCT levels (normal range 0-0.
For our simian ancestors in the trees, falling from branch to branch was a normal mode of locomotion, but you had better have a prehensile paw for grabbing the crucial limb at the last moment.
Following blocking of endogenous peroxidase, sections were treated with normal horse serum and incubated with 2.5 μg/ml anti-CD68 monoclonal antibody (PG-M1, Dako A/S, Glostrup, Denmark) in PBS/normal horse serum.
When a generous friend, Riquet (Fabrizio Rongione)--the only one she has ever had, the film implies--falls into quicksand and screams for help, you can see Rosetta's thought processes: If he dies, his job will open up, she'll get it, and she'll be "normal."
Fill in the blank in this quote from cognitive scientist Bruce Bagemihl: "We shouldn't have to look to __________ to see what's normal or ethical."
Several articles describe the identification of genes associated with the activation of ECs and angiogenesis, as well as the repertoire of genes expressed in normal versus tumor-associated endothelium [ 42 43 44 45 ] . Because EC activation is a complex process, accompanied by alterations in many aspects of EC physiology, it was not surprising that the genes identified in these studies were in several functional classes.
Women who were normal or overweight averaged about 4.9 YHL.
However the Chr also clustered off this node and now appeared more similar to normal samples than CC.
Cell lines with a favored reproductive potential grew well and multiple useful stable transfectants were obtained (normal BLM and N-terminal deletion genes) as compared to those containing deleterious mutant alleles (helicase and C-terminal deletions).
Punctate-like signals were found even with normal cervix hybridized with HPV probe (Figure 4B) or lesion hybridized with plasmid vector control probe (Figure 7B), and were commonly found congregated around nuclei circumferences and also in cytoplasm (Figures 3B, 4B, 5B, 6B, 7B, 8B, 9B, 10B).
A total of 21 tissue samples (eight normal kidneys and 13 tumors) were obtained from 13 patients.
'normal' tissues for these patients.
As a consequence, the strong MM signal masked the PM signal resulting in a low expression readout, even though the gene was present in normal PBMC (Fig.
TSP-1 expression was comparable with that of TYRP-1 in malignant cells but was at the limit of detection in normal and benign epithelia and stromal components.
The YHL for underweight or obese women was about 4.5 years, which was significantly lower than the normal group.
Quantitative analysis of urine organic acids by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry exhibited elevated levels of 3-methylglutaconic (3-MGC) acid of 121 mmol/mol of creatinine (normal range:0-8) and 3-methylglutaric (3-MGR) acid of 33 mmol/mol of creatinine (normal range:0-2) with a normal level of 3-hydroxyisovaleric acid of 40 mmol/mol of creatinine (normal range:0-39) making the diagnosis of type I 3-MGC aciduria less likely.
In conclusion, U73343 blocks the MTX-induced cell death cascade in BAECs and converts the normal blebbing profile seen with this toxin into zeiosis, a form of dynamic membrane blebbing commonly associated with apoptosis and characterized by bleb extension and retraction.
Preliminary work showed this level of ventilation to be sufficient to preserve normal arterial PO 2 and PCO 2 . The left gastrocnemius, soleus, and plantaris muscles were surgically isolated and the sciatic nerve, which innervates this muscle complex, was cut and attached to an electrode.
Patients with autosomal dominant limb girdle muscular dystrophy type 1C, caused by mutations in caveolin-3 [ 19, 20], or autosomal recessive LGMD2B, caused by mutations in dysferlin, show normal dystrophin and sarcoglycan-sarcospan complex staining patterns [ 21].
In contrast, the muscle tissue from the contralateral controls knees was normal (Fig.
Cytokine and activation marker expression by peripheral blood CD4 +memory T cells from RA patients and a normal donor
SW-1353 cells (normal or stably transfected with pBkRSV-Bcl-3), human primary chondrocytes, or synovial fibroblasts were cultured in Dulbecco's modified Eagle's medium (DMEM) supplemented with 10% fetal bovine serum (Hyclone, Logan, UT, USA), penicillin/streptomycin and L-glutamine (Cellgro; Mediatech, Herndon, VA, USA) before use in experiments.
As a control, the cytokine profiles of Tm from normal adult volunteers were examined (Fig.
In 41 specimens, the morphology was comparable between the original slide and slide 5. These 41 specimens were used for IHC analysis and included morphologically normal bronchial mucosa, metaplasia, dysplasia, and CIS (see Table 1for the numbers of specimens with normal and abnormal morphology).
The patient had normal urine drug abuse screens and a normal serum acetaminophen level.
It doesn't move the way normal books do.
The normal thing is if you stain something, you wash it off."
Alternatively, the bmr lines may develop at a normal rate, but delay the time at which they flower at the level of the flower itself.
Of these, 6 individuals (3 affected and 3 normal) were homozygous CC (exon 17), 15 (11 affected and 4 normal) were heterozygous TC (exon 17) and three were heterozygous AG (exon 23).
Cyclin D 1 is characterized as the major D-type cyclin controlling G 1 -phase progression in kidney cells, both during normal and abnormal proliferation [ 22 23 ] . To determine whether cyclin D 1 may be active in promoting G 1 → S progression in kidneys expressing HIV-1 genes, we utilized a well-characterized HIV-1 transgenic mouse model (Tg26) of HIVAN [ 11 12 13 ] . Secondary to renal expression of the HIV-1 NL4-3 Δ gag-pol proviral transgene, adolescent Tg26 transgenics develop a progressive, proliferative renal disease marked by podocyte and tubular epithelial hyperplasia that is indistinguishable both clinically and histopathologically from human HIVAN.
The high affinity transport of thiamine by normal lymphoblasts is abolished in the presence of a 100 fold excess of unlabeled thiamine.
I don't want to unload on her if her behavior is normal, but I have my doubts.
Interestingly, in humans with severe systemic inflammation, very high serum levels of ProCT and its component peptides are accompanied by normal or only slightly increased levels of mature CT [ 17].
Exposure to DIDS alone significantly decreased (depolarized) GC resting membrane potential (Figure 8B), suggesting that an outward chloride current (chloride influx) contributes to the normal resting potential of pig GC.
Buñuel--born Catholic, even if he opted out later--confused the Incarnation, in which the Holy Ghost caused Mary to conceive Jesus, and the Immaculate Conception, which refers to the fact (or belief, if you will) that Mary was born without original sin, although otherwise by the normal biological process.
S. aureus has been shown to be ingested by non-professional phagocytes, such as mouse fibroblasts [ 13 ] , mouse renal cells [ 14 ] , and bovine mammary epithelial cells [ 15 16 ] . S. aureus also has the ability to invade mouse and human osteoblast cell lines [ 17 18 ] , as well as normal mouse and human osteoblasts [ 19 ] . Finally, S. aureus has been shown to invade normal chick osteoblasts both in vitro and in vivo [ 20 21 ] . S. aureus cells were found in approximately 14% of calvarial osteoblasts after subcutaneous injection of chick embryos, and in 11% of calvarial and tibial osteoblasts following intra-allantoic injection.
Briefly, normal mouse osteoblasts were infected with S. aureus strain UAMS-1 at various MOI in the presence and absence of an anti-TRAIL polyclonal antibody (rabbit anti-human TRAIL/Apo2L, Cell Sciences, Inc., Norwood, MA).
Following the reduction to 90% of normal body weight, each rat was tested for an additional 15 days, one trial/day, during which only 4 arms were baited (four-arm task).
Presumably, because normal Fhit products are mononucleotides with low p K a values, the enzyme does not have a group to protonate an alkoxide leaving group and thus substitution of carbon for the β phosphorus turns a substrate into an inhibitor.
The injury constitutes an enormous stress to the cell and also deprives it from contact with its normal target-derived neurotrophic support.
Within 1 min, the normal alpha rhythm was replaced by diffuse theta waves, followed quickly by predominant delta activity consistent with anesthesia.
There's a scary irony built into the material: that the people charged with saving lives on the streets can't function at normal rhythms; that their amphetamine-jag intensity can make them as likely to want to murder people as to revive them.
8 mg/dL and ionized calcium (Ca 2+) 1.98 mmol/L (normal 1.20-1.
Of note, there was a significant ( P < 0.05) increase in the percentage of cells that secreted IFN-γ alone compared with normal cells (11 ± 2% versus 6 ± 1%), whereas there was no difference between normal blood and RAPB in the number of cells that secreted IL-4 alone (4 ± 1%) or in the frequency of those rare cells that produced the combination of IL-4 and IFN-γ (1 ± 0%).
For a normal distribution, the mode is the value that maximizes the probability density function.
These TEC defects result in thymocyte maturation defects that include a decrease in total thymocyte number and a 10-fold reduction in the number of DP thymocytes, but an apparently normal transition from the TN3 to the pre-DP stage.
Two substantially different methods are the Standard Parametric Mode (SPM) and the Robust Parametric Mode (RPM) [ 13 ] . These methods transform the data distribution to an approximate normal and use the probability density function of the approximated distribution to estimate the mode.
Similar stage-specific binding to epidermis was also detected for natural IgM and IgG autoantibodies in normal human sera [ 3].
These observations indicate that an increase in cytoplasmic p27 staining may accompany normal female aging (age 49),
9-fold), normal synovial tissue (4-fold) and RA synovial tissue fibroblasts (9.
We found that women with premature ovarian failure are significantly more likely to have positive thyroid peroxidase and parietal cell autoantibodies than women with normal ovarian function.
Sections of fetal and residual maternal ovarian tissues were incubated for 30 min with 10% normal goat serum and for 1 h with primary antibodies (1 μg/ml), washed in two changes of PBS, incubated for 30 min with secondary goat antirabbit (F0382) or antimouse (F0257) immunoglobulin G-fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC) (1:40), and washed in two changes of PBS.
ARDS was defined in accordance with the consensus definition of having a ratio of partial pressure of arterial oxygen to fractional inspired oxygen concentration (P a O 2 /FIO 2 ) of less than 200, bilateral infiltrates on the anterior-posterior chest radiograph, normal cardiac filling pressures (wedge pressure less than 18 mmHg), and a causative factor.
We subsequently turned to an algorithm that estimates the main peak using the normal probability density function, which we found to be more accurate in describing the shape of the main peak for datasets deviating from symmetry.
Cell migration is crucial not only to wound healing but also to a wide variety of normal or abnormal biological phenomena such as embryogenesis, leukocyte immigration into areas of insult, and tumor cell invasion.
Anonymous paired tumor ( n = 20) and normal ( n = 20) breast tissue samples (0.
No normal speaker of English encountering Man wants but little here below wonders—except facetiously—why women have been ignored.
Average and individual ranks for particular levels of contamination shown in Table 1are for two simulation sets (normal and lognormal), each using normal contamination located at twice the 99 thpercentile and with a sample size of 100.
An article titled "The Difficult Profession of Francophile" said that, in contrast to other countries, France "starts from the principle that 'francophilia is a natural and normal thing for other peoples' " It asked, "Are we not the fatherland of the rights of man?
Improvements in the management of patients with thalassemia major in the past four decades have resulted in "one of the most dramatic alterations in morbidity and mortality associated with a genetic disease" [ 2 ] . Regular red blood cell transfusions extend survival, eliminate complications of anemia, inhibit bone marrow hyperactivity, and support normal growth and development in patients with thalassemia major [ 3 ] . Unfortunately, regular transfusions also lead to the accumulation of tissue iron, loading the body's organs to the point of dysfunction and finally death in the second or third decade of life if left untreated [ 4 ] .
As expected, the pooled normal sample clustered with the normal kidney samples.
One usual attraction in expression analysis is to assume a normal distribution for probe intensities.
These primers annealed to both the normal and mutant OCPs.
One might speculate that in cultures derived from normal placentae, the weak estrogenic effect of PhR is sufficient to stimulate trophoblast/mesenchymal cell interactions in vitro resulting in a local production of estrogens.
Each sample is subjected to the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test of fit to the corresponding normal distribution [ 22 ] . (We generate a random sample of the same size as the observed sample from a normal distribution with the same parameters.
However, recent experiments suggest that such chromosomal ds breakage may occur relatively frequently during "normal" growth in several organisms - in bacteria [ 1 2 ] , yeast [ 3 ] and chicken cells [ 4 ] .
A half-century ago, a president could drive through city streets in a normal car with a few bodyguards, and anyone could stroll up to the front door of the White House.
On the other hand, PGI 2 decreases vascular smooth muscle cell proliferation and collagen and glycosaminoglycane synthesis, via activation of adenylyl cyclase and subsequent production of cAMP [ 17 ] . Betaprost, an analog of PGI 2 , decreases procollagen I and III mRNA expression in cardiac fibroblasts [ 18 ] . These effects may counteract the profibrotic effects seen with TXA 2 and it is possible that an alteration of a "normal" physiologic balance between PGI 2 and TXA 2 could increase tendency towards fibrogenesis.
In this patient's fibroblasts, fibrillin synthesis was 41% of control and deposition was reduced to 5%, while the mutant mRNA level was normal as shown here in Fig.
Recently, it has been shown that when mouse embryonic stem cells [ 13] and bovine somatic cells [ 14] in the M phase were transferred into non-treated recipients, the chromosome constitution of reconstructed embryos was normal in that the second polar body was excluded after parthenogenetic activation and the embryos developed to offspring.
Of the 60 biopsy-samples examined, 10 were diagnosed as normal, 15 as CSG, 9 as CAG, 16 as IM with CAG, and 10 as DYS (Table 1).
Placental ERα expression in vivo is high in normal placentae and barely detectable in abnormal placentae.
Furthermore, these Rad26-GFP localization patterns appeared normal in hus1Δ , rad1Δ , rad9Δ , rad17Δ , and rad3Δ backgrounds.
All of the 189 PLMs scored in TU2562 had normal morphology, whereas 64% of the 183 PLMs scored in EA485 had defects in axonal morphology.
Synovial tissues from three RA patients and peripheral blood mononuclear cells from two RA patients and a normal donor were analyzed.
These results demonstrated that PDGFR-α expression is elevated in the tumor tissues compared to normal lung parenchyma, and the expression of PDGFR-α in tumor tissue may play important roles in tumor growth and progression.
These lateral mutations did not interfere with GTPase nor with assembly of protofilaments, and surprisingly showed mostly normal assembly in DEAE dextran.
The methodology is illustrated with an application to a dataset containing the expression levels of 1,176 genes of normal rats and those with pneumococcal middle-ear infection.
Cultured normal human osteoblasts were seeded into 6-well cluster plates in medium provided by the manufacturer and incubated at 37°C in a 5% CO 2 atmosphere.
Histologic analysis confirmed posterior segment abnormalities in Bmp4 +/-heterozygotes but not in genotypically normal mice.

The only difference between Rust and the present case is that the former involved "distortion" of (that is to say, refusal to subsidize) the normal work of doctors, and the latter involves "distortion" of (that is to say, refusal to subsidize) the normal work of lawyers.
Higher Her2/neu levels were found in all tumor tissues compared with normal tissues.
In agreement with our finding, it has been reported that primary cultured macrophages and precursor macrophage cell lines mainly express Ang-2 mRNA [ 23 ] . In contrast to Ang-1, Ang-2 was distributed in a similar pattern in RA and OA compared to normal synovial tissues (Fig.
In the comparison of expression levels of more than 5000 probe sets between normal subjects and brachial plexus injury patients, we adopt both SAM and Westfall & Young algorithms using regular t statistics assuming equal variances and t statistics assuming unequal variances (hereafter called Welch statistics).
It should be noted that the 'normal' breast tissues examined in this study were excised from a site distal to the tumor site but in the same breast.
And because it will take any normal human being at least that long to read the galleys (773 pages), let alone reflect upon their contents, it's a fair bet that anyone who reviews the novel has 1) merely skimmed it, meaning his impressions are superficial; 2) actually read every page, but only by foregoing food and rest, meaning his impressions are warped by stress; or 3) not read the book at all, meaning his impressions are just as worthy as those of the thousands of other literate folk who will buy Pynchon's novel on reputation, read the jacket copy, put it down, and pronounce it either another masterpiece or a disappointing falling off, though somewhat better than Vineland , his previous book.
Phenol red in tissue culture media is a weak estrogen, sufficient to stimulate the proliferation of ERα+ MCF-7 human breast carcinoma cells [ 36 ] . We report a similar estrogenic effect of PhR+ media on trophoblast differentiation and syncytium formation in cultures from normal placentae, but not from abnormal ones.
This staining pattern is consistent with a role for the TGF-βs in the maintenance of normal mammary homeostasis.
Genes were then selected that conformed to all of the following criteria: p-value ≤ 0.001; a mean average difference value ≥ 200; fold-change ≥ 1.1 for genes increased in CC relative to normal kidney or fold-change ≤ -1.
Diagnoses were based on demonstration of persistent, otherwise unexplained serum concentrations of immunoglobulins > 2 S.D. below the corresponding mean levels [ 1 ] . Criteria for the diagnosis of CVID were: 1) decreased total serum IgG concentration; and 2) either decreased IgG subclass(es), decreased serum IgA concentration, or decreased serum IgM concentration [ 1 ] . Criteria for the diagnosis of IgGSD were: 1) normal total serum IgG concentration; and 2) abnormally low serum concentrations of one or more IgG subclasses; some patients with IgGSD also had decreased levels of IgA or IgM levels [ 1 ] .
For example, in situations where centers of location are needed but distributions are not predictably normal, the mode might be used as a routine statistic.
The immunolocalization of RhoA in normal and C3 treated cells did not appear drastically different in that RhoA was apparent in both normal and aberrant pseudopodial extensions.
During the life span of a normal GC, extensive methylation reprogramming occurs [ 6 ] . However, the role of epigenetic changes in GCT etiology and biology are not well studied.
DMEM with PhR stimulated differentiation of trophoblast cells from normal placental types, but mid-pregnancy levels of E2 significantly enhanced differentiation of cultured trophoblast cells derived from both normal and abnormal placentae.
Vallencian and colleagues biopsied 100 consecutive men with normal or non-suspicious digital rectal examinations and detected only 14 cancers, none with PSA levels below 10 ng/ml [ 29 ] . The Gann study provided the least biased estimate of sensitivity and specificity, but even these results were limited because asymptomatic cancers would not have been detected [ 24 ] . Additionally, serum was stored for about 10 years and PSA is not completely stable [ 30 31 ] .
This approach has been shown to be associated with better performance of APACHE II than the approach that assumes normal GCS for sedated patients [ 10].
It is a mixture of eight stereoisomers in equal amounts designated "dl" or all-rac tocopherol and does have antioxidant properties [ 4 ] . Thus, different forms of vitamin E can have different antioxidant properties as well as differences in their absorption, distribution, and metabolism [ 4 ] . There are also reports that some forms of vitamin E have activity against cancer cells in vitro [ 3 5 ] . For example, tocotrienol and vitamin E succinate are reported to have antiproliferative activity in human cancer cells whereas some forms of vitamin E are reported to induce apoptosis in cancer cell types but not in normal cell types [ 3 ] . Specifically, these apoptogenic forms include RRR-α-tocopheryl succinate and RRR-δ-tocopherol while the α, β, and γ tocopherol and acetate derivatives of tocopherol were not apoptogenic [ 3 ] . There are few reports on the use of vitamin E for treating tumorous cancers in vivo but the results are inconsistent [ 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ] . It is therefore essential that the form of vitamin E used in any research study as well as the dosage and the mode of administration be defined.
The β-tubulin isotype levels in normal and tumor tissue are not significantly different and are therefore unlikely to contribute to differential responses of tumors to antimitotic agents.
The role of mesenchymal cells in homeostasis of normal tissues (and cancer) is still poorly understood.
The term "inhibitor" refers to the effects of myelin on neurites in studies that did not consider its normal geometric organization within white matter.
Not only is she forced to dance whenever Starr pulls the strings on her immunity agreement, but it is difficult to see how and when she can resume a normal life.
This may be attributed to the fact that both estimators are based on the transformation of sample data to conform to a single normal distribution, not to additional secondary distributions often encountered with outliers.
A total of 20 anonymous paired normal and tumor tissue samples were obtained from CHTN (Table 1).
With the exception of number of breastfeeds per 24 hours and number of breastfeeds during the nighttime, all continuous variables were deemed normally distributed (normal distribution in the two non-parametric variables was also rejected using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov 1-sample test) [ 19 ] . Normally distributed variables were tested using Student's t-test, or ANOVA.
All participants reported normal or corrected to normal vision.
A striking example is the complete absence of γδTCR +thymocyte development in IL-7 mutants, in contrast to normal γδTCR +cell development in Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-mutants [ 29 ] , which have dramatically reduced IL-7 levels.
μg/ml, normal range 18.
Experimental alterations of environment or genetic makeup that cause decreased life span might create novel diseases or pathologies that do not usually limit life span in a normal individual.
Whereas Rpl11b-GFP was distributed relatively evenly in wild-type cells, it accumulated in the nucleus in a significant fraction of srp1-31 and net1 tab 2-1cells at 25°C and after 25°C ->37°C -> 25°C shift (Figure 6; [ 39 ] ). In addition, although mtr10 tab 1-1cells were relatively normal at 25°C, 30% of them accumulated nuclear Rpl11b after 25°C ->37°C -> 25°C shift (Figure 6).
(Of course you also can do a normal search for occurrences of particular words.)
Outwardly normal, the afflicted children are anti-social monsters: One adoptive mother has been charged with murdering her uncontrollable son.
Distinct differences in the basal expression profiles of normal and AIS-derived fibroblasts allowed these two groups to be distinguished on the basis of their expression patterns by unsupervised hierarchical clustering analysis (Figure 1).
No difference in regional ΔCBF res between the Fabry and control groups was found indicating normal regional cerebral vascular reserve in Fabry disease.
Changes within an RNA sample size group between normal and deficient diet groups were assessed as significant if the probe set passed the "detection filter" (#1 above) and the p-value was less than 0.01 for the t-test using either the original signal or log transformed signal (#4 above).
Quantitative analysis of urine organic acids by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry exhibited elevated levels of 3-methylglutaconic (3-MGC) acid of 121 mmol/mol of creatinine (normal range:0-8) and 3-methylglutaric (3-MGR) acid of 33 mmol/mol of creatinine (normal range:0-2) with a normal level of 3-hydroxyisovaleric acid of 40 mmol/mol of creatinine (normal range:0-39) making the diagnosis of type I 3-MGC aciduria less likely.
Initially, we restricted our analysis to genital skin fibroblasts grown from the foreskin of nine normal males and from the labia majora of five AIS-affected, 46,XY individuals with female external genitalia.
Our previous studies with normal T cells [ 17] demonstrated that this system effectively generates polarized IFN-γ-producing or IL-4-producing effector cells.
Identification of novel NF1splice variants in normal cells
She had an elevated ammonia level of 357 μmol/L (normal range: 22-48), lactic acid of 10 mmol/l (normal range: 0.2-2), elevated transaminases with an alanine aminotransferase of 69 U/L (normal range: 10-25), an aspartate aminotransferase of 162 U/L (normal range: 15-50), and hypothermia with deteriorating neurological condition.
Studies using direct antibodies raised against the δ-opioid sites has shown immunoreactivity mostly associated with large dense core vesicles in the normal rat dorsal horn ( 22, 23).
For the amplification protocol, 0.5 μg and 0.1 μg samples from the same animal were processed together for each step, again with balanced numbers of normal and vitamin deficient samples processed together.
Ken Fisher, a professor of biomedical sciences at the veterinary college, believes that the development of a uterus is a normal part of a male beaver's genetics and embryology: But "I wouldn't bet the farm on that," he says.
In sum, the availability of tetraploid aggregation-competent ES cells that support targeting of transgenes to the hprt locus should facilitate the rapid analysis of transcriptional regulatory elements in vivo as well as the phenotypic characterization of alleles that are incompatible with normal development.
Several genes expressed specifically in the normal male foreskin fibroblasts have been previously implicated in male genital development, including HOXA13 , the T-box genes, BMP4 and DWnt2 . Mutations in HOXA13 can cause distal limb and urogenital-tract malformations such as male hypospadias in hand-foot-genital syndrome [ 21 ] . T-box genes ( TBX ) are essential early regulators of limb development and also appear to be involved in male genital development [ 22 23 ] . Mutations in TBX3 cause the ulnar-mammary syndrome characterized by limb, apocrine, and genital developmental abnormalities [ 23 ] . Expression of T-box genes 2, 3, and 5 was significantly higher in normal male foreskin fibroblasts than in AIS genital fibroblasts.
CBC remained normal (7.
Direct separation of neutrophils from normal donor buffy coats
In the polymorphism 71 nucleotides upstream of exon 10, substitution at nucleotide 71 replaced the normal T with an A [IVS9-71T>A].
The histopathology was negative for any diagnostic pathology with nonspecific changes or normal colonic mucosa.
Using the Santa Cruz Biotechnology antibody we showed that Tie2 expression was significantly upregulated both in RA and OA synovial tissue lining cells, macrophages, endothelial cells and vascular smooth muscle compared to normal synovial tissue.
The localization of the normal and mutant GFP-BLM proteins was analyzed by immunofluorescent microscopy (Figure 4).
Tumor and normal tissues
In normal cycling cells, Rad26-GFP localized to a small number of dots that may function as surveillance centers and monitor the genome for DNA damage.
Eleven of 26 normal women (42%) had ovarian antibodies whereas none of the 26 normal men had these antibodies ( P < 0.001).
Blocking solution contained 0.3% Triton X-100, 1% normal goat serum, and 1% bovine serum albumin in 0.1 M PBS.
Alternatively, it is conceivable that the Hoxc-8 transgene could be silenced as cells are isolated from the animal, returning cells to their normal phenotype.
The C598T DMN mutation is a good candidate to be a modifier for muscular and/or cardiac phenotypes, considering: (i) the frequency of the mutation in the normal population in the heterozygous as well as homozygous state; and (ii) the key role of desmuslin in connecting the Z-discs to the extracellular matrix.
Under normal circumstances, being referred to as an "honorable gentleman" would be considered flattery but, where I come from, it's an insult.
Although it is possible that β-tubulin class II levels might be correlated with a prognostic bio-marker not yet examined [ 61 ] , these results suggest that a normal patient-to-patient variation might exist.
The left ventricular performance was estimated as the lower end of normal with a normal fractional shortening (42%) (Figure 2).
Total RNA was extracted from normal human skeletal muscle tissue samples and used for cDNA and labeled cRNA synthesis as previously described [ 14 15 ] . The fragmented cRNA together with control targets recommended by Affymetrix were hybridized to the GeneChip of choice (HuGeneFL or HG-U95A).
A personal confession is in order after your vivid portrayal of your normal Breakfast Table routines aboard the F train.
The prostate fibroblasts, on the other hand, displayed expression patterns largely similar to the normal male foreskin cells.
In a normal situation, you could end there.
The CD4 +CD25 +T cells are functionally normal because the CD4 +CD25 +cells can significantly inhibit the proliferation of the CD4 +CD25 -cells induced by TCR stimulation (Fig.
The K-S and Shapiro-Wilk tests for normality are consistent with a normal distribution and a normal Q-Q plot of CBZ concentration in hair shows a good approximation of normality.
In normal mitogen-activated cells eIF4E activity is enhanced due to elevated transcription of the eIF4E gene, a phosphorylation-dependent increase in affinity for the 7-methylguanosine cap, and phosphorylation-dependent inactivation of the inhibitor protein 4EBP.
In order to determine if cyclin D 1 plays a role in this hyperplasia, kidneys from three proteinuric 40-day old transgenic siblings and three non-transgenic littermates were stained by immunohistochemistry with antibody to phospho-pRb (Ser780), a site of cyclin D 1 /CDK-4/6 phosphorylation not targeted by cyclin E/CDK-2 complexes that disrupts pRb/E2F binding for G 1 → S progression [ 24 ] . Figure 1depicts the intense, heterogeneous nuclear staining of glomerular podocytes and tubular epithelium from hyperplastic nephrons in the diseased transgenics versus the absent staining of nephrons in the non-transgenics consistent with the very low mitotic index in normal kidneys of adult animals [ 26 ] . This suggests that cyclin D 1 is promoting cell-cycle progression during the proliferation of epithelium in diseased kidneys.
Comparisons were made between the vitamin-deficient and normal diet animals in each sample size group using the normal diet samples as the baseline for each comparison.
The assumption upon which the use of Probit Analysis is contingent is a normal distribution of log tolerances.
Although this results in a "cute" pet, it is a disaster to the duck because it looks to people for its normal social interaction, even the most intimate kind.
The appeal of MRI methods is that, whereas the standard CT examination of acute ischemic stroke will typically appear normal in the first hours after stroke onset, the methods of magnetic resonance angiography, perfusion weighted imaging (PWI), and diffusion weighted imaging (DWI) provide information on arterial patency, tissue blood flow, and parenchymal injury from the earliest times after onset of ischemic symptoms in a brief, non-invasive examination.
No other statistically significant differences between physical activity status and lipids levels were found when we stratified the analysis by body mass index group (normal, overweight and obese), both in men and women.
Yet, the cell culture conditions either quickly reverse cellular phenotype or support normal chondrocyte maturation.
Recently, a subset of CD4 +T cells was identified that is present on 5-10% of CD4 +T cells in normal naïve mice and expresses CD25 (the α-chain of IL-2 receptor) [ 4 5 ] . Functional analysis of murine CD4 +CD25 +T cells showed that those cells, which constitutively express cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen (CTLA)-4 [ 6 7 8 ] , fail to proliferate or secret cytokines in response to polyclonal or antigen-specific stimulation, but inhibit the activation of conventional responsive T cells [ 1 2 3 8 9 ] . The suppressive activity of the CD4 +CD25 +T cells depends on signaling via the negative regulator of T-cell activation CTLA-4 [ 7 ] and requires a cell-cell interaction that possibly involves cell surface bound transforming growth factor (TGF)-β 1 [ 1 10 ] . It has been shown that B7/CD28 costimulation is essential for the development and homeostasis of the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells [ 6 ] , which play critical roles not only in preventing autoimmunity but also in controlling tumor immunity and transplantation tolerance [ 2 11 ] .
After injection gestation was allowed to otherwise progress as normal.
The observation that deletion mutants lacking all the p24 proteins still show normal trafficking of certain proteins such as carboxypeptidase Y, suggests that there are some protein-trafficking pathways that are unaffected by their absence.
The first n subjects are random samples from a normal distribution with mean μ 1 and standard deviation σ; the last n subjects are random samples from a normal distribution with mean μ 2 and standard deviation σ, where . For each row, μ 1 was generated from a uniform distribution U(0, 30000) and standard deviation σ is set to be 0.2 * μ 1 . The effect size δ was specified for every data matrix.
6A, the placentae with strong ERα expression belong to the PT1 (normal) or PT2 (slightly abnormal) types, while placentae with low ERα expression belong to the PT3 and PT4 types (moderate and severe abnormality).
Compared to the normal BLM protein, deletions of the C-terminus and mutation of the helicase domain have a strong negative effect on genomic stability whereas deletions of the N-terminus have less effect.
All embryos exhibited characteristic features of midgestation stages of development including normal rostral-caudal patterning, beating hearts, normal limb formation including the formation of fingers.
The therapeutic use of musculoskeletal paralysis with non-depolarizing paralytic agents has increased largely because of the advent of exotic mechanical ventilation modes that require subjugation of the patient's normal ventilation activity [ 26].
After puberty, the normal prostate produces a protein- and organic solute-rich fluid that contributes approximately 30-50% of the volume of the ejaculate.
After 24 hrs of incubation, the infection medium was replaced with normal (10% FBS) culture medium.
The assumption upon which the use of Probit Analysis is contingent is a normal distribution of log tolerances.
The study population comprised 42 women with premature ovarian failure and 10 normal healthy control women who had regular menses and proven fertility.
There is an obvious difference, however, between amputating a leg and aborting a fetus: The former will not, left to grow in its normal course, become an independent human person.
Eleven of 26 normal women (42%) had ovarian antibodies whereas none of the 26 normal men had these antibodies ( P < 0.001).
A synthesis of current uses of the word would include the following concepts: an acquired syndrome of mental deterioration without loss of consciousness; onset often uncertain; early changes from normal to abnormal frequently imperceptible.
The majority of ALMs with abnormal axonal morphology were in positions 1-3 with a few as posterior as position 5. All ALMs located posterior to position 5 had normal axonal morphology.
The remaining tissue was incubated 30 min at 37°C in 50 ml of normal DMEM (PhR+) containing 25 mM HEPES and 4500 mg/L glucose (DMEM-HG), without trypsin and DNase [ 42 ] . The supernatant was collected and the procedure repeated.
In this process, eIF4E, which functions by binding the 7-methylguanosine cap, is the rate-limiting factor due to its low abundance [ 1 2 ] . In normal cells, elevated eIF4E activity is associated with proliferation and is regulated by multiple mechanisms.
010) and increased from normal mucosa to metaplasia and from metaplasia to dysplasia.
Fink et al . [ 6 ] reported that ibuprofen restored the normal hemodynamic pattern.
While in vitro analyses of TGFβ1 levels in keloid and normal fibroblasts have yielded variable results [ 15 16 17 18 19 20 ] , higher levels of TGFβ1 receptors and Smad3 activation were recently reported in keloid fibroblasts [ 21 ] . Thus, procedures that lower TGFβ1 expression may help prevent keloid development [ 15 16 18 22 ] .
Scholars in the field decode and debunk the literary tropes that rhetorically separate "normal" from "abnormal" bodies.
The magic words "on the Internet," if inserted into nearly any sentence, seem to protect it from normal critical scrutiny.
Although in this experiment, starting with less than 1 μg of total RNA did not produce enough biotinylated cRNA for hybridization under the normal protocol, a minor change (using vacuum evaporation to concentrate samples before cRNA synthesis, and mixing the minimum 200 μl hybridization volume) should allow use of 1 μg samples with the standard protocol.
Sequencing of Expressed Sequence Tags (ESTs) has resulted in the rapid identification of expressed genes [ 1 ] . ESTs are single-pass, partial sequences of cDNA clones from a large number of disease and normal tissue libraries.
In excising chondrocytes from the extracted knees of OA patients, great care was taken to remove only tissue that seemed macroscopically normal, with the aim of excluding cells of diseased tissue.
Even though ocular tissues, including the retina, contain glutathione S-transferases that can actively detoxify 4-HNE [ 35 67 ] , adverse events may occur if aging or pathological conditions hinder this normal defense from functioning properly.
We also observed a reduction in basal JNK activity in normal cells expressing this chimera and in v-crk mediated activation of JNK in cell expressing both v-crk and the chimera.
The CD4 +T cells from HIV +donors also are slightly more capable of TNF-α production than the normal CD4 +T cells (51.
BMPCs were found in elutriation fractions containing less than 30% T cells and more than 60% monocytes from the blood of more than 100 normal persons.
Kinked tails were of normal length or slightly shortened.
While trace amounts were detected due to the sensitivity of PCR amplification, thrombospondin transcripts were essentially absent from breast tissue epithelia obtained from normal and benign specimens, and there were no appreciable levels detected in stromal tissue components.
TU2562 was chosen because its ALMs migrated close to their normal positions at 20°C.
A subset of morphologically identifiable ME cells lacks the expression of nine corresponding immunophenotypic markers, suggesting that, like the epithelial cells, ME cells might also be subject to different normal and pathological alterations, and that alterations in ME cells might significantly affect the functions and biological behavior of the adjacent epithelial cells.
Perhaps the best understood is the lack of the ability to produce melatonin in some strains such as BALB/c and C57Bl/6 and the production of normal rhythms of melatonin in others such as the C3H/He and CBA [ 44, 46, 47, 48, 49].
Presence of any of the following seven features, without an alternative cause, was required for satisfaction of the confirmatory criteria: ratio of partial arterial oxygen tension to inspired fractional oxygen below 280 (intubated) or 40% face mask in use (nonintubated); arterial pH below 7.30; urine output below 30 ml/h; systolic blood pressure below 90 mmHg or a fall in systolic blood pressure by more than 40 mmHg sustained for 2 hours despite fluid challenge; systemic vascular resistance below 800 dynes·s/cm 5; prothrombin time or partial thromboplastin time greater than normal or platelets below 100.
She got very little satisfaction when she approached Southwest through the normal channels, so she turned to the Shopping Avenger for justice.
Here we have next to no ability to determine what is normal and what is noteworthy.
MCF7 cells are sensitive to rapamycin analogs in the low nM range [ 33 ] . A potential problem with the use of rapamycin and its analogs is that some tumors are intrinsically resistant to its effects [ 33 34 ] . Resistance in mammalian cells has been associated with decreased expression of 4EBP-1 [ 35 ] , mutations in the ATM protein [ 36 ] , and low level expression of p27 Kip1due to enhanced turnover of the protein [ 37 ] . In addition, it has been demonstrated that fibroblasts from p27 Kip1knockout mice are more resistant to the effects of rapamycin than normal cells [ 37 ] . Thus p27 Kip1is an important mediator of cell growth inhibition in response to rapamycin.
In both cases, the distribution of K s was approximately normal, with the exception of long and sparsely populated tails.
The normal flood of magnificent journalism gushing from this URL will be reduced to a trickle, and you may want to seize this opportunity to catch up on your Slate reading from the past year.
But if such superficial use of words suggests that their humor is hidden from the speakers concerned, it would be a mistake to take that as normal.
Tie1 mRNA expression was significantly higher in RA synovial tissue compared to OA synovial tissue (3-fold), normal synovial tissue (9.
The results from the second simulation study are summarized in Figure 2. The top panel of the plots is for the simulation where trait measurements are simulated from a normal distribution.
In vitro experiments with rat GCs have demonstrated that BMP-4 and -7 inhibit and stimulate FSH-induced progesterone and estradiol production, respectively [ 4 ] . In related studies BMP-6 and BMP-15 were found to block FSH action through inhibiting FSH-dependent adenylate cyclase activity and FSH receptor expression, respectively [ 11 12 ] . The importance of these findings is underscored by the fact that FSH action is obligatory for normal folliculogenesis and female fertility.
The K695T missense protein localizes to NBs, but less efficiently than normal BLM, and to the nucleolus with an altered morphology (Figure 4I).
A report from the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute classifies normal weight (without reference to age) as a BMI of 18.
Data from 1,321 apparently normal, unrelated white adult subjects from Alabama who had undergone A and B phenotype analysis as part of paternity testing were used to estimate allele and gene frequencies [ [ 21 ] ; R.T.
Basal and parabasal layers of normal ectocervical epithelium show the presence of T cells and MDC.
The deeper stromal layers had normal architecture, with no signs of scarring, inflammatory infiltration or deformation, neither in the experimental nor in the control specimens.
As there is a wide range of "normal" in bowel habits, begin by assessing what the patient considers normal bowel function.
PSA accuracy was evaluated according to standard epidemiologic definitions for specificity, sensitivity, likelihood ratios, and predictive values [ 15 ] . Briefly, we defined sensitivity as the proportion of cancer cases with an elevated PSA; specificity is the proportion of non-cancer controls with a normal PSA.
In addition to the normal problems associated with adapting to new standards, several of these standards provide for a transition period during which agencies may or, in some cases, may not report investments in human capital, research and development and nonfederal physical property; if investments are reported for each of five years as called for in this statement, they may be reported for earlier years during the transition period on the basis of either outlays or expense.
The presence of phenol red, a weak estrogen, in the culture is sufficient to stimulate differentiation of trophoblast cells into large syncytia in cultures from normal placentae, but not from abnormal ones.
The answer is not known but the normal peroxisome function might provide some clues.
But this isn't a normal situation.
But owning a word can do little for a writer like me, except perhaps in the ego department, since according to the law, a word can be a trademark only if such status does not deprive others of their right to the normal use of the English language.
We have found that fibroblasts cultured from normal and IPF human lungs have a significant and similar induction of the COX-2 enzyme when stimulated with IL-1β, but that IPF fibroblasts produced more thromboxane and had a significantly lower prostacyclin:thromboxane ratio.
Fold-change values were calculated as the ratio of gene expression values between each tumor-normal sample pair from the same patient, with the normal sample values used as the baseline.
Interestingly, mitochondria from TRMA lymphoblasts did not possess a "high affinity" thiamine transport capacity as did mitochondria form normal lymphoblasts.
In contrast, the photoreceptor layer typically appeared normal though there may have been reduced numbers of cells (Figure 4K).
We applied techniques used successfully with marrow MSCs to identify similar cells in elutriation fractions of normal human blood.
In this protocol, normal podocytes are growth-arrested 4-5 days after initial confluence and are fully differentiated with mature cell-cell contacts approximately 10 days later.
AKXD28 mice, therefore, have a genetic background that is a mix of the D2 (glaucomatous) and AKR/J (normal eyes with no obvious disease) genomes.
encore is also required for normal early mitotic division of the germline cells [ 44].
One woman of normal stature had a karyotype analysis showing: 46,X, ?rec(X) dup(Xp) inv(X)(p11.
If the vascular LHR expression represents a barrier for hCG transport from chorionic villi to the fetal blood (see above), lack of this barrier may cause high levels of fetal hCG resulting in perinatal morbidity and mortality [ 63 ] , regardless of normal or abnormal hCG production.
We have recently reported generation of expression profiling results using mixed patient samples [ 23 ] . Our hypothesis was that mixing of RNA samples from multiple regions of muscle biopsies, and from multiple patients matched for most variables (disease, age, sex), would effectively normalize both intra-patient variability (tissue heterogeneity), and inter-patient variability (SNP noise; e.g. normal human polymorphic variation unrelated to the primary defect).
Peripheral blood from normal human donors was collected under informed consent in accordance with an institutionally-approved and physician-supervised protocol.
Explorative laparotomy revealed approximately one litre of blood in the peritoneal cavity and an enlarged spleen, measuring almost double its normal size with a tear on the inferior surface (grade II).
Staining for p27 revealed appearance of weak (a1) to moderate cytoplasmic expression (a2) in some otherwise normal fibers.
Many previous studies have pointed to a critical role for the cytoskeleton and extracellular matrix in transducing signals for growth, differentiation and secretion in normal and cancerous prostate cells [ 32].
Compared to genital and gonadal fibroblasts from 46,XY females, fibroblasts from normal male genital tissues showed pronounced differences in expression of cell adhesion and extracellular matrix genes.
Daily devout prayer, such as reciting the rosary or praying to a patron or favorite saint, is a normal occurrence in many families, with the prayers often led by the mother or grandmother.
2A,2B,2C; Table 1), consistent with the normal percentages and cell numbers for these subpopulations previously reported [ 29 ] . Recent papers by Penit, et al.
[ 5 ] . BDNF transiently stabilizes silent NM synapses during the period of transition from polyneuronal to mononeuronal innervation of skeletal muscle fibers [ 6 ] . BDNF and CNTF cooperatively affect efficiency of embryonic xenopus neuromuscular synapses in culture [ 7 8 ] . BDNF stimulates transmitter release from neuromuscular synapses [ 9 ] and enhances the efficiency of transmission at the neuromuscular synapse [ 10 ] . BDNF, together with NT-3, can restore neuregulin levels and a normal distribution of AchR at the neuromuscular junction blocked with curare [ 11 ] . BDNF, in conjunction with fibronectin, increases spontaneous synaptic currents in the cultured embryonic xenopus neuromuscular junction [ 12 ] . BDNF down-regulates AchR clustering, most likely by binding to TrkB expressed in myocytes [ 13 ] . BDNF downregulates agrin levels in muscle but increases neuregulin in ventral horn spinal motor neurons at the time when they form neuromuscular synapses [ 14 ] .
Hypothetically, in RA synovial tissue the dominating Ang-1 induces the Tie2 pathway, whereas in normal synovial tissue higher Ang-2 presence blocks Ang-1 binding to Tie2 and inhibits its autophosphorylation.
Estrogen and progesterone, which stimulate the growth of breast epithelium, are two crucial hormones involved not only in normal breast development but also in carcinogenesis of breast epithelium and progression of breast cancer [ 28 ] . About 40% of breast cancers are ER-negative [ 28 ] . ER-negative tumors are unresponsive to anti-estrogen therapy, probably because of constitutive growth factor expression [ 28 29 ] . In general, these tumors have a higher histologic grade and a higher proliferative rate and are associated with poorer prognosis [ 28 ] . The finding that 100% of ER-negative tumors expressed BP1 might therefore be highly relevant to both the prognosis and therapy of those difficult-to-treat tumors.
Under the normal condition, ATM expression is ubiquitous.
Therefore, hypotension results from reduced vascular resistance with normal or elevated CO.
The seven families consist of five normal parents, five affected parents, seven affected patients, one normal sib and two affected members.
Diazepam, carbenoxolone and normal saline were injected intraperitoneally (i.p) 30, 60 and 60 min respectively, before the administration of pentylenetetrazole (i.p, 90 mg/kg).
Fill in the blank in this quote from cognitive scientist Bruce Bagemihl: "We shouldn't have to look to __________ to see what's normal or ethical."
The Ang-2 mRNA expression in RA synovial tissue was similar to that from OA patients, and both were significantly higher than normal.
Most pupae tolerated the treatment, reached the pharate adult stage and were morphologically normal.
The term "aggregate entry age normal" refers to an approach whereby costs are determined for the group as a whole rather than for each individual participant separately.
Measles virus was the first infectious agent shown to induce TRAIL production [ 36 ] . Other studies have demonstrated induction of TRAIL by Theiler's murine encephalomyelitis virus (TMEV) in M1-D cells (a myelomonocytic precursor cell line) [ 37 ] , reovirus infection in fibroblasts [ 38 ] , HIV-1 infection in CD4 +T cells [ 39 ] , and adenovirus in 239T cells [ 40 ] . The demonstration of caspase-8 involvement in S. aureus -induced apoptosis is complemented by a recent report from our laboratory that S. aureus induces expression of TRAIL by infected osteoblasts [ 41 ] . We reported that S. aureus strongly induces TRAIL expression by both normal mouse and normal human osteoblasts, while mRNAs encoding the death-domain-containing TRAIL receptors are constitutively expressed in the same cells.
This study was conducted to determine the relationship between various indicators of adiposity and risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in Caucasian normal, overweight, and obese male and female adolescents.
Lack of normal uterine EP 2 expression may also contribute to implantation defect reported in EP 2 -/-mice [ 8 36 ] .
It is well known that many distributions can be well approximated by a finite mixture of normal distributions.
Hubbell's frustrated lawyer, John Nields, commented, "It is not normal for a prosecutor to keep indicting the same person over and over again."
The use of logarithmic transformation, on the other hand, improves the spread of the data so the distribution is close to normal.
During normal B cell development, the processes of gene segment recombination and coding end processing yield nucleotide HCDR3 lengths that are characteristic and virtually invariant for an individual B-cell clone.
Up to now, no specific gene products have been implicated in the control of translational readthrough, strongly suggesting that only normal interactions between the mRNA and components of the translational machinery are involved.
A previous study examined the effect of Ad.TGF-β1 in the knee joints of naïve C57/Bl/6 mice where gene transfer of TGF-β1 to the mouse knee resulted in hyperplasia of the synovium as well as in chondro-osteophyte formation at the chondrosynovial junctions [ 10 ] . The present experiments have shown similar effects on synovial proliferation, but also have extended the murine studies to examine the effects of TGF-β1 in both diseased knee joints and normal knee joints in the rabbit.
Stimulation of P2X purinergic receptors by ATP causes similar changes in cytosolic Ca 2+and vital dye uptake [ 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17] suggesting that MTX activates a cell death cascade that is physiologically relevant, although the exact role of either the P2X- or MTX-induced cascade in normal cellular biology remains unknown.
If a skirt could be shorter and simpler, female legs and feet could be seen at work, the normal action of knees and thighs would be apparent under its neat shape, and a woman could at last be seen to make strides.
The M6P/IGF2R is also mechanistically involved in the genesis of human cancer [ 6 20 21 22 23 24 ] . M6P/IGF2R loss of heterozygosity coupled with intragenic loss-of-function mutations in the remaining allele is a common event in human cancers [ 6 20 21 22 ] . Inheritance of a tandem repeat polymorphism in the 3' UTR of M6P/IGF2R furthermore predicts for enhanced susceptibility to oral cancer [ 25 ] . Moreover, tumor cell growth is inhibited when M6P/IGF2R expression is restored to normal while it is increased when gene expression is reduced [ 26 27 28 29 ] . The results of these mutational and functional studies clearly demonstrate that the M6P/IGF2R possesses the characteristics necessary to be classified as a tumor suppressor gene [ 30 ] .
Trophoblast cells are usually separated and grown in media containing phenol red (PhR) [ 35 ] . Phenol red is a weak estrogen with apparent biological effects, and the ERα binding affinity in Dulbecco's Modified Eagle's Medium (DMEM) is equivalent to levels of E2 as high as 0.45 nM [ 36 ] . Although relatively low when compared to the E2 levels in pregnancy, this estrogenic binding affinity of PhR is close to that of E2 during the preovulatory peak [ 4 5 ] . Therefore, we included studies with PhR+, PhR-/E2- and PhR-/E2+ media in order to determine the effect of estrogens on differentiation of cultured trophoblast cells (syncytium formation) derived from normal and abnormal placental types.
That's not my normal experience with Weisberg's columns.
In our earlier studies, comparable rats at one year of age failed to regain normal skeletal biomechanics within six months of femoral fracture, while younger rats regained normal biomechanics within four weeks after fracture [ 11].
The degree of reduction in PaO 2 was moderate and had no important impact on arterial haemostasis in the patients studied, who showed however normal preoperative respiratory function.
These findings are consistent with normal appearing, preneoplastic hepatocytes forming clonal masses in the liver because M6P/IGF2R haploid insufficiency affords them with a selective growth and/or survival advantage relative to normal hepatocytes [ 46 ] .
Briefly, total RNA isolated from normal PBMC and leukemic LGL were DNase-treated and purified with a Qiagen kit (Valencia, CA).
In contrast, vascular LHR expression was detected in sinusoids of chorionic villi from normal term placentae, but was virtually absent in all abnormal placentae.
It appears that even these low levels of neurotrophins in the vestibular sensory epithelia can sustain normal fiber outgrowth and a limited maintenance until P0.
She also has the discretionary powers to appoint an independent counsel if she feels there would be a "personal, financial, or political conflict of interest" if normal Justice Department procedures were followed.
By using physiological heart rates and temperatures we have attempted to reproduce normal murine physiological conditions.
The three 2 μg samples from the normal diet animals were compared to the three 10 μg samples from the same animals using the t-test, and the three 2 μg samples from the diet deficient animals were similarly compared to the 10 μg samples from the same animals.
Required baseline laboratory values included serum creatinine and blood urea nitrogen ≤ 1.5 × the upper limit of normal and alanine aminotranferase and aspartate aminotransferase ≤ 2.0 × the upper limit of normal.
If the PMSD measured for the test is less than or equal to the upper PMSD bound variability criterion in Table 6, then the test's variability measure lies within normal bounds and the effect concentration estimate (e.g.
It has been demonstrated that malignant tissues with accelerated cell cycle show higher levels of ProTα expression than normal or surrounding healthy tissues [ 67 ] . ProTα was shown as a marker for breast cancer [ 68 ] , hepatocarcinoma [ 69 ] , and plasma levels of its derivative Tα 1 been proposed as a marker for the prognosis of lung cancer [ 70 ] . In ligand blotting assays, ProTα bound only to chromatin pools and nuclear fractions where histone H1 was present [ 71 72 ] . The analysis of the interaction of ProTα with H1-containing chromatin suggests a putative role for ProTα in the fine-tuning of the stoichiometry and/or mode of interaction of H1 with chromatin [ 73 ] . Interestingly, HL-60 cells overexpressing ProTα show an enhancement of accessibility of micrococcal nuclease to chromatin, implying relaxed chromatin structure for enhanced cell cycle gene expression [ 74 ] .
Osteoclasts are critical for both the continuous remodeling of normal bone tissue as well as the repair of fractured bones [ 2 ] . During normal bone remodeling, osteoclast-mediated bone resorption is balanced by osteoblast-mediated bone formation, resulting in the maintenance of skeletal bone mass.
The initial drug sensitivity might depend upon the levels of polymerized tubulin in normal versus tumor tissues associated with the differential expression of MAPs and dynamics regulators such as stathmin [ 70 ] , a hypothesis currently being explored in our laboratory.
8 mU/1, normal range 0.35-6.
Admission criteria to the study were as follows: stable preoperative haemodynamic conditions, no intravenous cardiovascular therapy, no preoperative diuretic therapy, sinus rhythm, no history of anaphylactic reactions, and normal hepatic and renal function.
The frequency distribution of t statistics and the normal Q-Q plot for t -statistics are provided in Figure 2. Both the histogram and the Q-Q plot show that the distribution of t -statistics is not normal.
However, in general, each component does not necessarily have a normal distribution.
In the circulation of normal individuals is a small population of CD34 -mononuclear cells that proliferate rapidly in culture as an adherent population with a variable morphology, display cytoskeletal, cytoplasmic, and surface markers of mesenchymal precursors, and differentiate into several lineages (fibroblasts, osteoblasts, and adipocytes).
With the RDA method, DNA from normal cells was compared with that of the metastatic cells of the same patient.
In determining whether allelic deletion had occurred at individual markers, allelic ratios were calculated and expressed as a percentage of loss of intensity for the tumor allele compared with the corresponding normal allele (D-value) after normalization.
The transformation of normal to abnormal may start with a pill.
Ang-1 staining on macrophages was also significantly higher in RA (39%) compared to OA (10%) and normal cells (0%) ( P < 0.05).
Radio communications from the plane were normal.
The normal distribution still holds for the rest.
Genomic DNA was treated with sodium bisulphite as previously described [ 46 ] . Placental DNA treated in vitro with Sss I methyltransferase (New England Biolabs, Beverly, MA) and similarly treated normal lymphocyte DNA were used as controls for methylated and unmethylated templates, respectively.
To test this hypothesis, we used cultured normal mouse gallbladder epithelial cells (MGBE) as an in vitro model system to examine the ability of gallbladder epithelium to produce mRNA for various cytokines and chemokines.
If you're faced with a big, messy job, it might be worth spending the extra money for a premium product such as Bounty Rinse & Reuse or Kleenex Viva Job Squad but, under normal circumstances, a budget recycled product such as the ones on offer from Natural Value or Second Nature offer good value and provide the desired durability.
In addition to the 14 genital-skin fibroblast lines used to generate the SAM list, we included five gonadal fibroblast lines from 46,XY females with complete AIS, a prostate fibroblast cell line from a normal male (analyzed twice), abdominal skin fibroblasts from a normal male, forearm fibroblasts from a normal male, and genital fibroblasts from two AIS 46,XY females who had documented AR mosaicism (ARD364, ARD 465, Table 1).
Tumor and normal breast tissues have similar tubulin isotype levels
The patient had normal urine drug abuse screens and a normal serum acetaminophen level.
The increase of Her2/neu protein in tumor tissues compared with normal tissues is shown in Fig.
Additionally, since the identification and cloning of the p27 gene in 1994 [ 16 ] , the p27 protein has been shown to be involved in various other aspects of cell physiology and pathology [ 17 ] . Our previous study has shown, that differentiation of cells in tissue culture is associated with an increase in p27 expression [ 18 ] . Although a regular p27 expression protects normal cells from apoptosis, overexpression of p27 induces apoptosis of cells, through elevation of proapoptotic proteins, such as Bax [ 19 20 ] . These observations indicate that changes in p27 expression can determine the fate of muscle cells.
The normal distributions modeled after real-life cDNA data used in Baldi and Long [ 4 ] were used here to provide a testing ground for the methods (Table 2).
In addition, 30 healthy age-matched females were studied as normal controls.
These female AIS-affected individuals are thought to have acquired their AR gene mutations post-zygotically [ 12 ] . ARD364, which showed AR protein expression and binding in the range of normal male foreskin fibroblasts ( [ 7 ] and see Table 1), despite its origin from anatomically female genitalia, had a gene-expression pattern indistinguishable from foreskin fibroblasts of normal males (Figure 2).
Controls included groups of males and female (age described in text) that showed no histopathological abnormality, normal dystrophy proteins, and normal serum creatine kinase levels.
In normal placentae, the expression of cyclin E (cE), which is involved in the stimulation of cell cycle progression [ 37 ] , was low, as was that of p27 (cE antagonist) promoting terminal differentiation of cells [ 38 ] (lane 5, Fig.
Therefore, CAP would be expected to precipitate in a normal acidic vaginal environment.
The expression of GFP-BLM was calculated relative to the amount of BLM present in a normal SV40-transformed fibroblast line (GM0637B).
Allelic ratios were calculated and expressed as a percentage of loss of intensity for the tumor allele compared with the corresponding normal allele (D-value) after normalization.
Due to the potential of contaminating the tumor tissue sample with normal stroma, allele loss in informative patients was defined as a >50% decrease in the ratio of the polymorphic band intensities in the tumor tissue versus that in the surrounding normal stromal tissue; this was quantified using a densitometer.
We have previously used a similar approach to delineate the transcriptional programs activated in prostate cancer cells in response to androgen [ 9 ] . We had hoped that comparison of transcriptional responses of normal fibroblasts to those from AIS-affected individuals with varying degrees of genital ambiguity would provide still further insights into androgen's role in genital morphogenesis.
Unlike corporations, which will occasionally throw money at bizarre nonstandard computing solutions like NeXT, OS/2, or Java, normal people only get one shot at it.
You are fixated on an activity that you feel is verboten but which, in fact, is normal.
Although differences between matched tumor and normal tissues were found, there were no correlations suggesting the upregulation or downregulation of specific tubulin isotypes in tumor tissues compared with normal (data not shown).
All embryos exhibited characteristic features of midgestation stages of development including normal rostral-caudal patterning, beating hearts, normal limb formation including the formation of fingers.
and "Is it normal to 'play with yourself'?"
Using a normal approximation the target standard error is approximately .05.
Therefore, we choose to fit a three-component normal mixture model.
All were otherwise clinically normal.
For simplicity, the z -statistic is computed using the normal approximation to the binomial distribution such that z = (2 x - n )/sqrt( n ). Genomic regions that contained less than 15 changed gene-expression values were excluded from further analysis.
One was a second set of five normal male biopsies ages 5-12 yrs (controls 2a, 2b), and the third control set was three normal age-matched female biopsies ages 4-13 yrs (controls 3a, 3b) (Fig.
According to this model, cells without normal BRCA1 activity may accumulate genetic alterations as a result of failure to arrest and repair DNA damage or self-destruct, thereby leading to genomic instability and neoplastic progression.
But even in a normal week, Slate on Paper has been running around 55-60 pages.
It wasn't until I released two massive belches (each smelling strongly of false banana) that I was able to settle into the run and feel halfway normal.
It is important to note that many tumor tissues do not express Her2/neu; it is therefore not a generally useful marker for differentiating between tumor and normal tissues.
Researchers can, in a fairly straightforward fashion, examine the overall transcriptional response of thousands of genes in normal cells and tissues, in disease states, in response to biological, genetic or chemical stimuli (such as drugs), or during normal biological processes such as cell-cycle progression and embryonic development [ 3, 4, 5].
Comparison of expression patterns in genital fibroblasts from normal and AIS-affected individuals, and fibroblasts from extragenital sites, offers possible insights into the programs that underlie genital development.
They found a decrease in total (apical + basolateral) bile acid uptake compared to normal controls [ 12 ] and hypothesized that bile acid malabsorption in cystic fibrosis was due to a primary mucosal defect although they had not specifically studied apical, Na +-dependent absorption.
Since the objective was to isolate sequences that are lost in the progression of cells from normal to metastasis, we focused on the products of RDA in which the metastatic cell DNA was used as the driver and the normal cell DNA was the tester.
The structure of the epithelial basal lamina was also appeared close to normal: lamina densa and lamina lucida were well distinguishable with rare branching and duplication.
The results of our study implicate the ERK1/2 (p42/44) MAPK pathway as a key element in this inflammatory response, an association that has not heretofore been reported in normal human pulmonary epithelial cells.
Dunn's Multiple Comparisons Test indicated a significant difference in ERα expression between normal placenta (PT1 in vivo) vs. corresponding late culture (PT1 LC), P < 0.01.
Promoter hypermethylation was not found in the DNA isolated from normal cervical smears for any of the tested genes.
The apex shows less pronounced deviations from normal (Fig.
Western blot in unstimulated fibroblasts showed no detectable COX-2 protein in either group of cells, while IL-1β significantly induced COX-2 to a similar degree in IPF and normal lung fibroblasts (Fig.
A representative RT-PCR analysis of five tumors, three with matched normal tissue, is shown in Fig.
However, this result indicates that the majority (~ 60%) of net1 phosphosite-mutant cells released Cdc14 from the nucleolus during anaphase with normal kinetics.
These neurons not only entered the brain early but also traveled caudalward within the brain along their normal arching trajectory.
Doctors have given a generation of such children "normal" sex organs (i.e.
3, stimulation of normal T cells after priming with anti-CD28 alone resulted in a significant decrease in the percentage of IL-2 producers (35% versus 75%) compared with cells immediately stimulated after isolation, and a significant increase in the percentages of IFN-γ (31% versus 6%) and IL-4 producers (17% versus 4%).
Mock transfection on VCAM Mock transfected HPB-ALL cells have normal motility on immobilized VCAM-1 substrate.
This level is reserved for employees whose performance in the element far exceeds normal expectations and results in major contributions to the organization.
The existence of placental aging is still debated, yet various clinical, morphological, cellular and molecular aspects of placental senescence have been indicated [ 20 21 24 25 27 28 29 30 45 46 47 ] . However, it is still unclear if there are any consequences of placental aging for normal pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal birth weight and Apgar scores [ 29 48 49 ] . It has to be noted that even the abnormal placenta may have the capacity to improve its function and compensate for demands of the growing fetus, e.g., by elongation and excessive dilatation of villous sinusoids [ 26 50 ] .
The C3 induced extensions were rich in filamentous actin, and C3 treated HPB-ALL cell bodies apparently lacked filopodial actin microspikes, present in normal spreading cells.
foreskin fibroblasts, the ATM was estimated to be 360 kD, consistent with the results previously described [ 12 13 ] . In three rhabdomyosarcoma cell lines (RD, Rh28 and RH30), there was one aberrant form of ATM protein (~260 kD) that was significantly smaller than that seen in the normal fibroblasts and the Hela cells (Fig 5).
The human alveolar epithelial cell line A549 and normal human bronchial epithelial cells (NHBEs) were exposed to the particulate fraction of cigarette smoke (cigarette smoke condensate; CSC) and examined for the production of proinflammatory cytokines and activation of MAPK and NFκB.
PBMC from a normal human donor were depleted of non-T cells by magnetic bead separation, then T cells and non-T cells were independently incubated with 5A6 anti-CD81 mAb, washed, and re-combined in the presence of SEB.
Continuous variables were plotted against a normal distribution curve.
USAT also puts Kosovo inside and leads with American Airlines' claim that it could resume a normal schedule by Tuesday as pilots come back to work under a judge's threat of heavy fines if they continued staying out in support of pay parity for the pilots of newly acquired Reno Air.
Therefore, it is likely that 500 ml of normal blood will have several thousand BMPCs.
We have thus established a mathematical description of the main peak of the distribution, allowing us to identify the transition region, that is, the region at the left base of the mapped normal curve.
Several studies have demonstrated the ability of LDF to distinguish patients with established peripheral vascular disease from normal patients [ 7, 8], and it has been used to assess the viability of tissue flaps [ 10, 11, 12]; LDF has also been useful in the measurement of cutaneous perfusion following percutaneous transluminal angioplasty [ 13] in patients with peripheral vascular disease and following the administration of vasoactive agents [ 14].
1. In our experience, the CD3 +CD4 +comprise 95% or more of the CD3 +CD8 -T cell subset in normal blood.

Cell clones expressing only the mutant MECP2 allele are called "mutant clones", and cell clones or skewed cell lines expressing only the normal MCP2 allele are called "wild-type".
While greater than 85% of terminally differentiated secretory cells in normal human prostate display strong nuclear staining for p27, all cases of high-grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia, invasive carcinoma, and pelvic lymph node metastases studied by DeMarzo et al.
2. It is evident that the cells from the HIV +and aged states have a greater capacity for TNF-α and IFN-γ production compared to the normal control CD28 -or CD28 +population.
Figure 4shows ERα immunoreactivity in early (17 h) and late (93 h) trophoblast cultures derived from normal placenta.
Accurately estimating the true and false negative rates for PSA requires that men with normal PSA values undergo biopsy, but we found only one small urologic series where all PSA-tested subjects were subsequently biopsied.
The immunolocalization of RhoA in normal and C3 treated cells did not appear drastically different in that RhoA was apparent in both normal and aberrant pseudopodial extensions.
It is not clear from their results whether the elevation in collagen production in normal fibroblasts may have been small, like that observed with cCAF, and therefore gone unnoticed.
Oral transmission is the normal route for baculovirus infection and has been reported for gypsy retrovirus-like retrotransposons [ 15].
Small markers which do not contain the PWS/AS deletion interval are associated with a normal phenotype [ 8 ] . Larger idic(15) duplications are typically associated with a more severe autistic phenotype than that seen in cases of interstitial duplication [ 5 6 7 9 10 11 12 ] . The increased severity may be due to the presence of two additional copies of this region, however these duplications also extend significantly farther telomerically and therefore contain more duplicated genes.
Thus, normal values of perfusion-ventilation mismatch have no significant effect on the uptake and washout of enflurane.

Mark's remarkably clever animated cartoons also use remarkably few data bits, meaning that they can be downloaded quickly by a normal 28.
3. The mean, standard deviation and coefficient of variation of the signal for each probe set within each treatment group (normal and deficient diet) were calculated.
On the other hand, comparison of the ground state of a mutant donor site, as was done for G1185+1U and G1185+1A in [ 19 ] , to the higher energy structure of the normal donor is superfluous to explain skipping.
The Bonferroni test was used for follow-up comparisons and the comparisons to the normal saline group are given below and in Table 1and in Figure 1where the results are presented graphically.
The water-channel view of AQP function requires us to believe that there may be something about some PIPs that prevents them displaying their normal water-channel function in oocytes.
Many federal CIOs, in the normal course of their own efforts, have already begun working along the lines of the advice provided in this guide.
A long terminal repeat from a human endogenous retrovirus (HERV) was shown to drive the expression of an intergenic transcript from an unknown gene named HERV-HLTR associating 1 (HHLA1) and human otoconin-90 (OC90) to produce a transcript that is highly expressed in teratocarcinoma cells but not in normal human tissues or cell lines [ 33 ] . In the mouse, a Prion-like downstream gene named doppel (Dpl) was found to have an intergenic transcript that is upregulated in Prion-deficient mice [ 34 ] . The deletion of the Prion gene in these mice removes the splice acceptor site of exon 3, causing the normal Prion transcript to skip the deleted exon and inadvertently upregulate the normally low-abundance intergenic transcript by forcing it to splice more often to the doppel gene.
The timing of the conversion of mounds to fingers was normal for BS153 cells.
normal vascular development has been shown to require the presence of the CD45 +/c-Kit +/CD34 +hematopoietic stem cells [ 58], which are similar and may be related to adult CEP cells.
This information could lead to the possible modification of these pathways by pharmacological agents in order to modulate the composition of pulmonary surfactant, which is critical for normal respiratory function and for host defense mechanisms in the lung.
The remaining 40 women had a normal 46,XX karyotype analysis.
JFK Jr. was pretty normal for a private pilot--a hard-charger who fell in love with the freedom, excitement, and romance of private aviation.
The advantage of the system here is that the parental cell line lacks BLM and therefore the fusion protein can occupy normal positions without competing with endogenous BLM.
Instead of leaving normal notes, such as "Please take out the garbage" or "Don't forget to pick up milk on the way home," she leaves me long (four page) handwritten letters about concern for each other's feelings, sharing chores, etc.
Due to the potential of contaminating the tumor tissue sample with normal stroma, allele loss in informative patients was defined as a >50% decrease in the ratio of the polymorphic band intensities in the tumor tissue versus that in the surrounding normal stromal tissue; this was quantified using a densitometer.
Briefly, if this model is applied to Hh signaling, it proposes that, firstly, agonist and antagonists act at independent sites to select active and inactive conformations of Smo; secondly, that Smo engages an undefined coupler/effector, when it is in its signaling state; and finally, that the gain-of-function mutant form of Smo, Smo act, adopts an abnormal conformation that resembles the coupler/effector-bound signaling state of Smo with low affinity for antagonists but normal affinity for the agonist.
Today, in the '90s, right on schedule, fashions of the '70s are being given a nostalgic, sympathetically accurate whirl in such movies as Hilary and Jackie and The Ice Storm . A genial gaze is being cast on them just as flared trousers, square-toed shoes, and long male hair are once again looking normal in the real-life fashion universe.
This normal series of developmental stages partly is a contribution to the body of science, and partly is a common reference point that will enable other investigators to use the garpike in their own laboratories.
These were preimmunization screening sera from 80 normal healthy adult females who volunteered for a Towne vaccine study.
Following this ad lib period of feeding, rats were again reduced to 90% of normal body weight for 10 days.
However, in this instance it may be that any disruption of the normal function of the GABAa receptor and its integral chloride channel result in widening of the vertebral arch.
No differences in transcript levels could be discerned between DHT treated and control cells in either normal foreskin fibroblasts or fibroblasts from AIS affected 46, XY females.
These findings are consistent with the morphological analysis of Russel et al . [ 8 ] reporting higher incidence of degenerative cells in the seminiferous tubules of 20 and 32 days old normal animals and lower levels found in adults.
Since thiosulfate may contribute to sample toxicity, a thiosulfate control should be used in the test in addition to the normal dilution water control.
Of note, the loss of IL-2 production by in vitro primed RA T cells was less marked than observed with normal T cells.
WNT2 (wingless-type MMTV integration site family member 2) was part of a small gene cluster with high expression in normal male foreskin fibroblasts that distinguished these samples from all other fibroblasts (Figure 2).
Here we show for the first time that the ERα protein is expressed in normal and marginally abnormal placentae (normal placental types) but barely detectable in placentae exhibiting moderate and severe abnormality (abnormal placental types).
The control group (n= 34) was maintained on a normal ration, free from any additives,and the experimental group (n = 91) was fed 700 parts per millionfurazolidone (Fz) for three weeks.
The BLM DNA helicase is found in two distinct nuclear structures in normal human cells, ND10 or PML nuclear bodies (NBs) and the nucleolus [ 20].
Synovial tissue expressions of MMP-2, MMP-14, and TIMP-2 were virtually undetectable in all normal volunteers; MMP-9 expression was observed in an isolated area of one normal synovial tissue sample.
Very weak staining was observed in fibroadenoma and normal tissues, and no TSP-1 was detected in breast tissue stromal components.
These data demonstrate that GFP-BLM has the same enzymatic activity as normal BLM and GFP-tagged variant alleles can be used to discover the functional domains of BLM.
It can take 700 people, all of whom eat two or three times what normal people eat.
Labeled cDNA was prepared by reverse transcription with fluorescent dyes: Cy3 for probe 1 (normal controls) and Cy5 for probe 2 (treated animals).
AQP genes are not obviously clustered, but two regions, which resulted from a duplication of segments in chromosomes 2 and 3, respectively, contain a higher than normal density.
Only in the case of 11-2 was an appreciable number of cytokine-producing cells observed [ 25 ] . For normal young cells at least 15-30% of CD4 +cells were positive for 11-2 while only 3-6% of the CD8 +cells were positive.
Studies using the Continuous Performance Task (CPT) have shown that the d' signal detection component of CPT performance has a heritability among normal subjects of 0.49 [ 22 ] . The Span of Apprehension task (SPAN), a visual search task, has been shown to have an heritability among normal subjects of 0.65 [ 23 ] and the P/N ratio of the Spontaneous Selective Attention Task (SSAT) was shown to have an heritability among normal subjects of 0.41 [ 24 ] . Twin studies using discordant twins affected with schizophrenia show that spatial working memory, divided attention, choice reaction time and selective attention [ 25 ] and attentional set-shifting [ 26 ] are underlain by inherited factors.
6 ± 1.1s (normal range<13.
We have previously demonstrated that S. aureus induces TRAIL expression in normal human and mouse osteoblasts [ 41 ] . Messenger RNA encoding TRAIL is rapidly and dramatically up-regulated following exposure of osteoblasts to S. aureus . TRAIL mRNA expression is absent in uninfected cultures and shows a dose-dependent response to S. aureus . In contrast to the inducible nature of TRAIL mRNA, the messages encoding death-domain-containing TRAIL receptors are constitutively expressed in human and mouse osteoblasts [ 41 ] . Additionally, TRAIL protein is expressed and secreted following infection of osteoblasts with S. aureus . In contrast, uninfected osteoblasts do not express significant amounts of TRAIL protein.
The distributions of all data were significantly different from normal because of a large number of genes with low hybridisation signals and few genes with high signals.
In more than 90% of patients with septic shock who are aggressively volume loaded, the CO is initially normal or elevated.
Hence the signaling mechanism, like that reported in normal myotubes and dysgenic myotubes expressing wt-α 1S , was Ca 2+entry independent [ 29 ] . We also expressed fs-α 1S in cultured myotubes from two available gene knock-out (KO) mice, lacking the endogenous β1a isoform of the skeletal muscle DHPR [ 30 ] and lacking RyR1 [ 31 ] . As shown in Fig.
In the normal females the AR gene is methylated on the inactive X chromosome and is undermethylated on the active X chromosome.
It is seen from Figure 2that all four parameters can be estimated quite accurately in the normal case while they are slightly biased for the lognormal data.
They are raised as girls until puberty, when the new rush of androgens gives them normal male genitals and a masculine body, complete with facial hair.
Tm isolated from rheumatoid blood or synovium contained increased numbers of cells with the capacity to produce IFN-γ after a brief in vitro stimulation, compared with the same subset isolated from the periphery of normal donors.
To examine this, 6 h stimulation with SEB or CMV was carried out in peripheral blood cells of normal human CMV seropositive donors, in the presence or absence of anti-CD81 mAb 5A6, followed by intracellular staining for IL-2, IFNγ, or IL-4.
That is, each data point y is taken to be a realization from a normal mixture distribution with the probability density function:
These 100 clones were probed (labeled with α 32P-dCTP) on dot blots containing normal cell DNA and metastatic cell DNA.
The fusion protein co-localizes with PML and TOPIIIα (Figure 4B& 4C) as does normal BLM [ 20, 21, 22, 33, 34].
In normal mitochondria the outer membrane wraps closely around the inner membrane and is not folded like the inner membrane.
The first step of the normal curve-mapping algorithm is to find the location and height of the maximum of the major peak.
Incubating eggs in normal rabbit sera alone did not result in any reactivity (Fig.
The size of fibers is normal, but moderate p27 cytoplasmic staining is evident (panel E).
No differences in transcript levels could be discerned between DHT treated and control cells in either normal foreskin fibroblasts or fibroblasts from AIS affected 46, XY females.
SC had a normal appearance and was lined with endothelial cells.
Stable transfectants were selected in 400 mg/ml G418 over a period of 4 weeks and subsequently maintained in the absence of G418 in normal growth medium.
Meanwhile, Japan--the world's second-largest economy and a country that by normal criteria ought to have no trouble increasing demand--finds itself stuck in exactly the trap Burnham described: "no longer able to find uses for the available investment funds, which waste in idleness in the account books of the banks."
Disease severity was monitored every other day using an established macroscopic scoring system ranging from 0 to 4: 0, normal; 1, detectable arthritis with erythma; 2, significant swelling and redness; 3, severe swelling and redness from joint to digit; and 4, maximal swelling with ankylosis.
The source of placental tissue was women with normal pregnancies admitted to the University of Tennessee Medical Center.
S. aureus has been shown to be ingested by non-professional phagocytes, such as mouse fibroblasts [ 13 ] , mouse renal cells [ 14 ] , and bovine mammary epithelial cells [ 15 16 ] . S. aureus also has the ability to invade mouse and human osteoblast cell lines [ 17 18 ] , as well as normal mouse and human osteoblasts [ 19 ] . Finally, S. aureus has been shown to invade normal chick osteoblasts both in vitro and in vivo [ 20 21 ] . S. aureus cells were found in approximately 14% of calvarial osteoblasts after subcutaneous injection of chick embryos, and in 11% of calvarial and tibial osteoblasts following intra-allantoic injection.
No BP1 expression was seen in the normal samples (lanes 1, 3, and 5), whereas BP1 was expressed in all of the tumors (lanes 2, 4, and 6).
In human Hela cells and human normal
Characterization of normal mouse osteoblasts
It feels almost exactly like a normal place--you can shop, travel, talk, learn, watch movies--except there is only one subject: weather.
For instance, under normal conditions, olfactory axons acquire immunoreactivity to NCAM at stage 20.
Following blocking of endogenous peroxidase with 0.3% hydrogen peroxide in methanol for 30 min, slides were rinsed in PBS and treated with a 1/60 dilution of normal goat serum for 30 min.
To accommodate auditory testing, pups were weaned on P24 and pairhoused by treatment in the normal housing area.
Under normal circumstances, a substantial uptake of the aforementioned radio tracers is noted in the brain and cerebellum (Fig 1).
Although differences between matched tumor and normal tissues were found, there were no correlations suggesting the upregulation or downregulation of specific tubulin isotypes in tumor tissues compared with normal (data not shown).
Even more significantly, these cells had continued along their normal migratory path into the presumptive septal and preoptic areas, their normal target sites.
These data indicate that rod photoreceptor-mediated visual input may have a negative effect on GluR1 expression in normal retina during the course of development.
At some age, most people would say impotence is normal.
Nine cell lines derived from GCT have been previously described [ 8 ] . DNA and RNA isolated from four normal testes were used as controls.
2e), whereas they show the same pattern of loss as afferent fibers in neurotrophin null mutants [ 16 ] . These data suggest that the spiral sensory neurons develop qualitatively normal at least until P0 and therefore allow normal pathfinding of efferents.
S. aureus -induced TRAIL expression on normal bone physiology should be explored.
The percentage of cells that produced both IFN-γ and IL-2 (25 ± 1%) did not differ significantly from that in RASF, but was significantly greater than the frequencies observed in normal blood ( P < 0.05) or RAPB ( P < 0.05).
This was not different from the percentage found in RASF, but was significantly greater than the percentage of IFN-γ-producing cells in normal blood ( P < 0.005) or RAPB ( P < 0.005).
In the 1960s and 1970s, the company altered the tint of its film to correspond to Japanese notions of skin tone (and I realize how weird that sounds), and also invented film that could be developed in normal light because so few Japanese photographers had darkrooms.
In Figure 3, signal from the normal allele results in FAM (false color green) fluorescence, while signal from the mutant allele results in Cy3 (false color red) fluorescence.
However, none of these lateral mutations seemed to affect the assembly of sheets in vitro - sheets assembled normally in both DEAE dextran and calcium, and tube assembly was also mostly normal.
Although areas of retina were morphologically normal in Bmp4 +/-mice, the retinal ganglion cell layer was estimated to on average contain approximately 50% the normal number of cells and the inner nuclear layer was unusually thin.
For each comparison, normal and deficient, 14 probe sets were found to be significantly different between the 2 μg and 10 μg samples, which is a false positive rate of 0.4% of the probe sets that met the "detection filter."
Transwell co-cultures of S. aureusand normal mouse osteoblasts
Other investigators have shown (in mouse systems) that commitment to Th1 or Th2 cytokine production by naïve T cells requires prior cell proliferation [ 24 ] ; and reversal of Th1 or Th2-committed cells requires at least several days of proliferation [ 25 ] . When normal human PBMC were stimulated for 7 days with SEB, the presence of 5A6 anti-CD81 mAb resulted in a modest increase in IL-4-producing T cells, when those cells were restimulated with PMA and ionomycin (Figure 4A).
The results of synovial tissue MMP-2 and MMP-9 expressions were compared among patients with erosive disease, patients without erosions, and normal volunteers (Fig.
The main computer failed again Sept. 8, but the replacement crew reported that the situation was "normal."
Even today, reading paper products is a lonely habit whose practitioners often spend hours or even days at a time silently and obsessively turning pages, immersed in a world of fantasy, isolated from normal society.
Entire lobules and large ducts of normal breast tissue can be derived from a single progenitor cell [ 47 ] , and LOH at various chromosomal locations is frequently detectable in morphologically normal lobules adjacent to breast tumors [ 48 ] . Lung tumors and head and neck tumors that develop in a localized region also often have a common clonal origin [ 3 4 49 ] . The high frequency of M6P/IGF2R loss of heterozygosity observed in the head and neck tumors in this study suggests that the phenomenon of "field cancerization", first described by Slaughter and his colleagues [ 2 ] in 1953, may in part result from the clonal proliferation of mucosal epithelial cells with M6P/IGF2R allelic loss.
The APACHE II score consists of the Acute Physiology Score, which is calculated from 14 physiologic variables that are scored from 0 to 4 and depend upon the degree of deviation from normal.
Full field ERG was assessed using a previously reported protocol [ 77 ] . Briefly, following two hours of dark-adaptation, mice were anesthetized by intraperitoneal injection of a Ketamine/xylazine mixture in normal saline.
The microcosms were sparged with multiple volumes of gas under normal atmospheric pressure.
The throwaway aspect of popular inexpensive fashion, now normal since nobody learns to sew, has lent its look to the costly couture, which more and more seems incompletely imagined and only half realized.
Velocity elevation corresponding to increased cerebral blood flow in all patients with anemia has been noted, with an approximate linear increase in velocity for decrease in Hb or HCT [ 12 ] . There are also data to suggest that patients with Hb SS have higher flow velocities than those with normal Hb A at comparable levels of anemia, suggesting the amount and composition of the Hb are both involved in the velocity elevation of sickle cell disease [ 13 ] .
Underweight women averaged about .25 fewer YOL than other women (p < .05 compared with normal group).
The frequency distribution of t statistics and the normal Q-Q plot for t -statistics are provided in Figure 2. Both the histogram and the Q-Q plot show that the distribution of t -statistics is not normal.
Thirteen M/Z values were retained in Rule 2. In the training set, one subject in the cancer group was misclassified as normal and one in the control group was misclassified as cancer.
4% of 199 ALMs scored had normal axonal morphology, whereas in TU2562, all of the 117 ALMs scored had normal morphology.
Tram rides — although this is the normal method which most Amsterdammers use to get to and from work, it is an unusual transportation method for most of the rest of us.
This is significantly higher than the 21% frequency originally reported using non-microdissected IDC samples [ 1], suggesting that allelic deletion events may have been masked by contaminating normal stroma in earlier studies.
We compared the synovium of patients with early RA with that of patients with other forms of early synovitis, and with that of normal volunteers.
In addition, CMF protein levels, both cellular and secreted, also were normal in growing and developing BS153 cells (fig.
In contrast, the βERKO female exhibits a hormonally responsive uterus and grossly normal ovaries, but is subfertile in terms of the frequency and size of litters.
BSA = Bovine serum albumin; CSC = cigarette smoke condensate; ERK = extracellular signal-regulated kinase; GM-CSF = granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor; HBE = human bronchial epithelial cell; IL = interleukin; IκB = inhibitor of NFκB; MAPK = mitogen-activated protein kinase; MEK-1 = MAPK kinase; NFκB = nuclear factor-kappa B; NHBE = normal human bronchial epithelial cell; PBS = phosphate-buffered saline; PDTC = pyrrolidine dithiocarbamate; RT-PCR = reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction; sICAM = soluble intercellular adhesion molecule; TNF = tumour necrosis factor; TUNEL = deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated dUTP nick end labeling
As I said, it should take any normal human being at least two weeks to get through Mason & Dixon --but that begs the question of whether Pynchon's writings are intended for normal human beings.
The results were negative in 47 cases while in 41 cases normal flora was grown.
The immunofluorescent images show an apparent greater accumulation of fusion protein in the nucleolus than is found in normal cells [ 20].
Are America's leaders comfortable with the CIA doing this, going outside of normal military command and control?
The normal human ocular lens exhibits a steady increase in size due to growth throughout life, harboring some the oldest cells in the body [ 1 2 3 ] . Overall, from birth to 65 years of age, the human lens will increase 63% in equatorial diameter, while increasing only 22% in A-P axial thickness [ 4 ] . Cell growth dramatically influences the contours of the anterior and posterior lens surfaces, but is not the sole factor affecting lens form.
As expected, the pooled normal sample clustered with the normal kidney samples.
