Cornell found a number of employment options that he never dreamed existed after a work-site injury forced him out of his job at a foundry.
Last year, Goodwill placed 511 people in jobs, more than double the number we placed in 1993.
The numbers of children who deserve our services are rising... as quickly as our programs can grow to serve them.
We have met with a number of successes along the way, most notably the Summer Fun Line, the Metro Summer Bus Pass, and the development of ten neighborhood youth councils.
This is an impressive number; but for each girl served, more are left unserved.
A limited number of credits are available.
After the attacks had occurred, while crisis managers were still sorting out a number of unnerving false alarms, Air Force One flew to Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana.
Though a number of agencies had some part of the task, none had security as its primary mission.
Within about two months of the start of combat operations, several hundred CIA operatives and Special Forces soldiers, backed by the striking power of U.S. aircraft and a much larger infrastructure of intelligence and support efforts, had combined with Afghan militias and a small number of other coalition soldiers to destroy theTaliban regime and disrupt al Qaeda.
Again, I do not have all of the information for July and August, so I cannot give you any numbers.
Airfields have been constructed on a number of the islands, and road systems have been expanded and im proved.
Half a million civilians died in the Galilee and Judea as a result of this first revolt against Rome, a number unequaled in ancient warfare.
 
A number of poignant Yiddish words defy genuine translation into English:
One rapidly runs out of hands and must resort to fingers and toes, for after years of laboriously categorizing these languages, the number of different main branches (called families and subfamilies) came to about ten.
(That was the number listed when I received my copy; it might have increased.)
All in all, for a relatively primitive system, it is not too bad; but you would have to be in love with your computer to use it in preference to a far more complete books of synonyms available (especially The Synonym Finder , Rodale in the U.S. and Canada, Longman elsewhere, which offers more than 800,000 synonyms, more than three times the number listed in any other synonym book).
Assumption (1) is a fairly general analytical concept, i.e. the closer data is to the measurement threshold, the higher the variability is in that measurement [ 12 19 ] . Assumption (2) appears to be empiricaly valid when surveying the literature for high-density microarray experiments which evaluate severe biological events, from caloric restriction [ 20 21 ] to apoptosis [ 22 23 ] . In these experiments [ 20 21 22 23 ] , regardless of the gene selection method used, less than 5% of the total number of genes probed were differentially regulated.
The NYT lead sees "war fever" gripping Congress as it's told by Defense's William Cohen that if diplomacy fails, the U.S. will wage a "significant" military campaign against Iraq, which turns out to mean a sustained air war, but no substantial number of ground troops.
Therefore, estimates of temporal stability for the 8 analytes were calculated for the total number of samples and for the first and second batches separately.
Figure 2shows the number of lost and acquired genes estimated, for each group of genomes considered.
Our previous analysis reported decreased DP cell number and increased apoptosis in both the pre-DP and DP stages in these mutants [ 29 ] . DP cell numbers in both this and our previous study were decreased 10-fold in the Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-compound mutants.
About 5 million families now think the satellite dish is worthwhile, and the number is growing.
As sequencing gaps are filled, this number may increase.
The pay is low to nonexistent, the number of scowls from others enough to darken any day.
47 Thus, although Internet retailing will certainly grow as a channel of distribution, the most essential longer term developments will involve the expansion of lean retailing principles to a wider and wider variety of goods sold by a decreasing number of major retailers.
The normal intima of the synovium is one to two cells thick and consists mainly of macrophage-like and fibroblast-like cells [ 3 ] . In inflammation, macrophages make a large contribution to intimal thickening, where these cells increase in number and proportion [ 3 ] . Evidence indicates that intimal macrophages arrive via the circulation as monocytes [ 4 ] , and it is proposed that increased numbers of intimal macrophages in RA are largely attributed to enhanced monocyte recruitment from blood vessels in the synovium [ 1 5 ] . Neutrophils are also recruited in RA and can be found in abundance in synovial fluid, yet they occur in relatively low numbers in the synovium [ 5 ] . In synovial fluid their number can reach 10 6per joint, particularly during an active phase of the disease [ 6 ] . Neutrophils occur at the pannus-cartilage junction [ 7 ] and it is presumed that these cells reach the joint cavity by migrating from the blood vessels in the synovium, following a chemotactic gradient.
They've tried to impact it before in a number of ways, wrongfully, irresponsibly."
[ 23 ] have shown that this assay provides linearity between optical density and cell number.
Because the proportion of incidental detection among cases undergoing a TURP was not associated with age, we multiplied in each age category for each year 1985 through 1997 the proportion 0.6786 by the total number of age- and year-specific TURPs recorded among cases to get an estimate of the number of TURPs that led to a prostate cancer diagnosis.
DNA pooling is a practical way to reduce the cost of large-scale case-control association studies, because it allows measurement of allele frequencies in groups (or pools) of individuals, thereby reducing the number of PCR reactions and genotyping assays dramatically.
This number represents the most reliable, albeit conservative, estimate of cases closed in 1999 by LSC grantees.
(The element with atomic number 61 is not found naturally, and this number was allocated to promethium , when proof of its existence was confirmed by American chemists, who named it for Prometheus, in Greek mythology the earliest teacher and benefactor of mankind.)
Although short-term application of high PEEP did not significantly change pH i , it is conceivable that longer durations or higher numbers of patients would have led to more prominent reductions and statistically significant differences.
So even using the old numbers, most families in 1950 had a material standard of living no better than that of today's poor or near-poor.
The sequence comparisons among TUGs probably underestimate the number of duplicated genes because sequence data are incomplete.
Thus, as with the comparison between evolutionary rates and the number of interactions, no substantial relationship between long-term evolutionary conservation of S. cerevisiae proteins and the number of interactions was found.
Variation in the number of perfused capillaries and local differences in the vasodilator response characteristics of vessels cause local differences in blood flow of up to sixfold [ 17].
T is the number of total mapped EST clones derived from all non-tumor tissue libraries.
number of innovative practices were noted that may have broader implications.
In fiscal year 2000, the number of times that GAO's senior executives testified before the Congress and the rate at which our recommendations were implemented exceeded that of most recent years.
It could reflect properties of the spontaneous DNA damages, the replication fork, the number of replication forks, the number of chromosomes, the organization and structure of the chromosomes, the repair machinery, or the availability of homologous chromosomes for repair.
Assigning function by sequence homology alone is subject to a number of caveats, including the occurrence of structurally homologous enzymes that catalyze different reactions [ 3] and the propagation of error through successive rounds of sequence annotation [ 4].
The occurrence of "transitory" fibers was also associated with a decline in the number of fibers exhibiting the type II staining only, which suggests a type II into type I transition.
Specifically, these primers are derived from the cDNA clones at the following nucleotide numbers: #511 - #528 and #1066 - #1083 (accession number of the cDNA clone is M22489) for BMP-2 [ 21 ] ; #923 - #942 and #1341 - #1360 (accession number D63860) for BMP-3 (Kangawa, unpublished); #878 - #897 and #1292 - #1311 (accession number D49494) for BMP-3b [ 3 ] ; #737 - #757 and #1181 - #1200 (accession number Z22607) for BMP-4 [ 22 ] ; #6 - #25 and #475 - #494 (accession number U66298) for BMP-6 (Knittel et al.
Between January 1994 and February 1996, the number of families on welfare nationwide fell by 8.5 percent.
In this article we focus on a number of cases where at least several trp genes are linked, thus providing analytical advantages offered by the analysis of more than one gene.
It's not just USAT that puts such a high premium on sports--according to a story the Nation's Newspaper runs inside, in the annual AP poll of U.S. newspaper editors and broadcasters, the runaway number one story of the year was You Know What, but number two was the McGwire-Sosa home run race.
The other islands, called the Family Islands by the government but generally referred to as the Out Islands by the tourist trade, have not shared this huge growth in numbers of visitors.
A number of molecular chaperones are retained in the ER, due to a conserved signal sequence at the C-terminal end of the protein, (KDEL), which binds to a receptor in the Golgi apparatus [ 15 ] . More recently, however molecular chaperones bearing the ER retention signal have been localized to the surface of different cell types.
Number of organisms per test chamber
We also calculated the number of bands that overlap randomly placed groups (with the same sizes as the real groups).
We were particularly interested in minimizing the number of genotypes that appeared to be associated with two closely located recombination events - what are sometimes referred to as double-recombinant haplotypes.
The symmetric distance is the number of partitions that are found in one tree but not the other.
Pitfalls Not collecting the right amount of data; not examining the right number of sites; insufficient supply of well-trained evaluators; difficulties in giving evaluators enough data collection latitude to obtaining insight without risking bias
We analyzed chromosomal regions (500 kb bins) for which the difference between L1 number and gene number was maximal, yet the proportion of sequence in the region occupied by genes was less than 60%.
The assemblies that were identical in the number of component sequences were generally small clusters.
In addition, we examine each peptide for significant differences in the expected frequency of amino acids and the number of times a specific peptide sequence has been repeated.
Figure 5illustrates the relationship between adjusted p values and the number of genes being tested.
Nevertheless, the good St. D., retired, is still occupying a good number of my cerebral neurons and synapses.
In this period, a number of key technological changes appeared: sewing machines that made many more stitches a minute, long knives instead of shears for cutting, and pressing machines.
Big savior: the decrease in the number of boys aged 15 to 21.
The number of hard-core cocaine and heroin users, between 2.5 million and 3 million, has been stable during the Clinton years.
The total number of human genes is estimated at between 60,000 and 120,000.
This administrative coordination reduced “the number of transactions involved in the flow of goods, increased the speed and regularity of that flow, and so lowered costs and improved the productivity of the American distribution system.”
Some investments in heritage assets, for example national parks, will be reported by both 1) the number of physical units identified as national parks in the heritage assets category, and by 2) the number of acres used as a park or an historic site in the stewardship land category (see Chapter 4 of this document).
The number of AQPs in the Arabidopsis genome - 35 - compares with the presence of, for example, 15 potassium channels and 15 proton/metal antiport systems in the Arabidopsis genome.
OMB approved the information collections and issued control numbers 3235-0464, -0465, -0466, -0467, -0201, -0418, and -0071 for the requirements.
With piracy at an end, a number of towns and villages grew up along the shoreline, and the extension of the railway line to Almería in 1899 promoted the early development of the eastern region.
F. Number of Americans who've dozed during a Kevin Costner movie.
After January 1, 2000, the Administrator shall allocate annually for each unit, subject to theemissions limitation requirements of paragraph (1), which is located in a State with an installed electrical generating capacity of more than 30,000,000 kw in 1988 and for which was issued a prohibition order or a proposed prohibition order (from burning oil), which unit subsequently converted to coal between January 1, 1980 and December 31, 1985, allowances equal to the difference between (A) the product of the unit's annual fuel consumption, on a Btu basis, at a 65 percent capacity factor multiplied by the lesser of its actual or allowable emissions rate during the first full calendar year after conversion, divided by 2,000, and (B) the number of allowances allocated for the unit pursuant to paragraph(1): Provided, That the number of allowances allocated pursuant to this paragraph shall not exceed an annual total of five thousand.
The maximum number of consecutive days also was calculated for the same three parameters.
Indeed, a recent report is consistent with this idea in suggesting that the number of protein-protein interactions significantly affects rates of evolution [ 4 ] . However, upon investigation of this relationship at multiple levels of evolutionary relatedness, we found that there was only a slight correlation, at best, between evolutionary rates and the number of protein-protein interactions.
Thus motif overlaps are allowed and weighted according to how well they explain the data, and multiple weak copies of a factor are all counted [ 5 12 ] . Our background model is a Markov model fit to all triples of bases in the window and accounts for local compositional variation which could otherwise push up the representation of any matrix that matched one of the high copy number base triples (eg hb matches poly A tracts).
It is notable that glomeruli and collecting ducts are distinguished from other segments by high number of adherent cells.
Widely quoted in this form, this number implies that the experts are confident that the result is not 75 million or 77 million, but is somewhere between 75.
Despite efforts to increase the national supply, the number of patients dying in the US while awaiting solid organ transplantation has risen from six per day at the start of the study period, to 10 per day currently [ 1, 5].
One should recall that the TCR mice express a CD4-restricted TCR, and thus produce increased numbers of anti-Tag CD4 T cells, and thus we anticipated a bias in numbers toward this T cell type.
Its twin objectives are to dramatically increase the number of low-income Americans who can access the civil justice system and to ensure that all clients receive quality legal services.
The red macroalga, Champia parvula, test is acceptable if survival is 100%, and the mean number of cystocarps per plant should equal or exceed 10.
Are we to conclude that people got along without the number five for a hundred years before someone, perhaps feeling that “something was missing,” awoke one morning to invent it?
The total number of clones in the primary library is 6.75 × 10 6(that is, all five packaging reactions).
You must include your address and daytime phone number (for confirmation only).
Such differences in the two major histologies have also been reported previously for DAPK , HIC1 , and APC genes [ 13 ] . However, we found CDH1 promoter methylation restricted to SCC in the present study, while Dong et al found methylation in both histological types [ 13 ] . This difference may be due to small number of AC patients we studied.
The false discovery rate (FDR) was computed as the ratio of the estimated number of "falsely significant" probe sets to the total number of "significant" probe sets.
However, the amino terminus of C/EBPα also functionally interacts with a number of other factors [ 31 45 46 ] , any of which might contribute to proliferation arrest.
where k is the number of genes in the group, G is the total number of genes, n is the number of genes in the group with a given annotation and A is the total number of genes with a given annotation.
Moreover, a number of transcripts previously found by alternative technologies to respond to NGF treatment, showed similar changes in our SAGE profiling study.
The unplanned poorly drained and rural stratas (Strata 4 and 5, respectively) had the highest number of reported malaria cases, and the two planned strata (Strata 1 and 2) had the least.
The number of presidential appointees has multiplied--including judges, there are more than 4,000, five times as many as in Kennedy's time--making it difficult for the Senate to find time to consider everyone.
For discrete data involving a relatively small number of possible values and a large number of data points, the mode is easily calculated as the most frequent value.
This means that the solution is strongly dependent on the user input "smoothing parameter" which can vary over a wide range depending on the time interval, number of points and experimental data.
The mean number of complications per patient was 3.2 ± 0.2 in group I, and 4.0 ± 1.3 in group II.
However, when only those data points which are above a threshold value [ 6 ] are used, ensuring a higher confidence that these intensities represent true expression levels and not noise or weak cross hybridization, the DAP-modified cRNA enabled an ~ 10% increase in the number of ratios that could be generated (Figure 7).
Because the various regulations, forms, and rules that are being amended by this rulemaking already possessed OMB control numbers, OMB did not assign new control numbers.
Southern analysis of PdLcopy number
Based on the number and complexity of the comments, APHIS decided to issue only a small portion of the proposed rule at this time and to review and reanalyze the other portions of the rule before issuing them as final.
Up to this number of viral particles per well, used for immobilization for biotinylated Ad5.CMV-LacZ or for transduction by free Ad5.CMV-LacZ in solution, immobilized adenoviral vectors showed lower infectivity than free viral vectors.
A rough linear relation seems to exist between the number of classified polytopic membrane domains and the number of ORFs in each genome.
The only way to help the refugees is to open Italy's border to them while simultaneously putting large numbers of U.N. troops on the ground in Kosovo.
Full gene names and GenBank accession numbers for Figure 5
To use longer words requires more training data, because the number of possible words increases exponentially with increasing word size.
For this analysis, the current structure model is considered to be the correct structure; thus, values for comparisons are referenced to the numbers of sequences and base pairs in the current structure model (478 base pairs and approximately 7000 sequences for 16S rRNA, and 870 base pairs and approximately 1050 sequences for 23S rRNA).
For a number of years, some mailers have pursued the idea of establishing customized postal rates and/or terms of service through negotiation with the Postal Service.
Operators worked feverishly to include the FAA, but they had equipment problems and difficulty finding secure phone numbers.
Gödel proved this theorem by showing that every sentence in a logical language can be encoded as a statement about positive numbers.
They were both approved by OMB and assigned control numbers: control number 32350461 for the amendments to the Quote Rule and control number 3235-0462 for the Display Rule.
One statistic feeding the heroin "revival" stories is the increasing number of emergency-room visits by people who mention heroin as a reason for seeking ER treatment.
Full gene names and GenBank accession numbers for Figure 1
The complete cDNA of LeMAF1 (GenBank accession number AF118113) was cloned as an EcoRI/XhoI fragment between the EcoRI and SalI sites of the bait vector pBD-GAL4 (Statagene).
The use of a T cell epitope-modified whole protein immunogen confers a number of advantages.
Towards the end of the first millennium the land we now call the Netherlands was ruled by a number of feudal lords — assorted counts, dukes, and bishops who had total power over the land and the people who lived on it.
We were unable to study each control group separately except for non-sexual/neighborhood controls because of very small numbers.
- (1) After January 1, 2000 and through December 31, 2007, it shall be unlawfulfor a new utility unit to emit an annual tonnage of sulfur dioxide in excess of the number of allowances to emit held for the unit by the unit's owner or operator.
(Judgmental sampling techniques may be required in this section if the number of vendors and vendor comments are substantial.)
Here, we present one such simplified method to train a potential energy function using a small set of proteins which places a significant number of additional native conformations near its minima.
The number of months in treatment was not significantly different among the patient groups (F = 2.03, df = 2,212, p = 0.13), though there appeared to be a trend toward alonger duration of treatment in AD.
An increase in the number of households is expected to cause an increase in mail volume.
Finally, the cloth must be spread in as many layers of thickness as necessary to achieve the number of units requested or as many as can be properly cut at one time.
As noted, the table above instead compares the number of African-American welfare "cases" with the adult population.
Thus, if the infectivity is compared using the actual number of viral particles present in each well, Ad5.CMV-LacZ, immobilized on streptavidin-coated wells, may possess an infectivity equivalent to that of free adenoviral vectors.
Thus, in total, seven partial interviews, and one unqualified interview were dropped from the sample, reducing the total number of offices in the study to 399.
Whereas the duplications and translocations outline mechanisms that have contributed to the evolution of the large AQP gene family, the large number of genes and the transcription patterns we found in the EST database (see below) seems to argue for specific functions in plants.
He went on: "Too often, my party has focused on the national economy, to the exclusion of all else--speaking a sterile language of rates and numbers, of CBO this and GNP that.
As established above, the minimum necessary dimensionality of the USM state space is set by the binary logarithm of the number of unique units.
The paper said that, according to Gates Sr., the foundation will announce a number of new funding programs during the next three months that will go a long way toward its ultimate aim of becoming the largest private charity on Earth.
They sold goods at a lower markup than specialty stores and, above all, concentrated on achieving a high level of stock-turn (or the number of times products turn over in a given year).
Since English is not a logical language, it follows that sentences in English can be encoded only in non-positive numbers and thus that English can make only negative statements about mathematics.
Teaching hospital percentage refers to the percentage of hospitals classified as teaching hospitals out of the total number of hospitals in a state reporting data to AHA for the years of interest.
To identify the number of TM-helices, we made a hydrophobic plot for each family of polytopic membrane domain.
For a while now, the number everyone's been tossing around is $1.
For this reason, brain weight has been suggested to be a good surrogate measure for total cell number in mice, as in humans [ 53].
I am constantly amazed at the number of people (yeah, they've been men) who have told me that my musical career would be bolstered if I would just be willing to "work the sex angle."
I'm not sure why booksellers don't want the hard numbers, but their instincts are dead right.
The FEMA disaster number is (800) 621-3362.
In making the announcement, Clinton stated that "over the past decades, the number of gun murders by juveniles has skyrocketed 300 percent."
These results are consistent with predictions that a large number of plasmodial genes undergo strict stage-specific transcriptional regulation, and that such (co-)regulation is shared among functionally related genes [ 15, 52].
Group II introns were first identified in fungal mitochondria and grouped on the basis of their secondary structures [ 2 4 5 ] . They have been found in organelle genomes of fungi and plants and also in a number of bacteria [ 6 ] . None have been found in animals, although it has been suggested that group II introns may be progenitors of nuclear spliceosomal introns based on similarities between nuclear pre-mRNA splicing in eukaryotes and the splicing mechanism used by group II introns [ 7 8 ] .
Increases in the number and quality of health care services have been fueled by the explosive growth of medical technology.
The number of foreign students has dropped to fewer than 5,000, and derelict boarding schools dot the monotonous countryside.
A total of only 552 patients were included in the meta-analysis, the outcomes variables of interest were not recorded in all studies, and there was significant heterogeneity between studies for a number of the outcome variables.
A number of organisms ( M. barkeri, Rhodobacter capsulatus, Chlamydia psittaci, and Corynebacterium diphtheriae ) possess two copies of TrpEb_1.
This year's round of 16 boast the highest number of Cinderella teams in the tournament's history.
But the number would be closer to 12 than to the likely two or three in today's world.
In addition, the total number of viable cells in each treatment group was counted by a trypan blue exclusion method using a hemocytometer.
RRH patients had longer hospital stays, ICU days, and ventilation days, as well as a greater number of nosocomial events (Table 6).
A number of less conservative statistical methods have also been developed, but it is beyond the scope of this paper to review them here.
S = Observed number of species in original data
2 and the number of immunoreactive cells per explant counted.
The success in ablating PfPP1 is particularly gratifying to us on a number of accounts.
The physiological relevance, if any, of the diminution in numbers of surface antral ovarian follicles in dams of the restricted nutrition group is unclear - this was not reflected by a perturbation in circulatory estradiol-17β.
Based on the number of colonies per plate, frequencies of 0.02% of activating peptides in the lexA-GFP/peptide library and 0.1% in the C-terminal library were calculated.
This could be a reflection of the numbers of V H genes present in the V H family being analyzed (it is more likely to see a non-Gaussian distribution in families with small numbers of individual genes) or of the state of activation of a specific clone (because activated B cells contain much higher levels of V gene messenger RNA than resting B cells).
However, this report was followed by a number of studies that did not corroborate those early results.
Figure 2shows that approximately equivalent power to non-pooling can be achieved if the number of gene chips is reduced but the number of samples is increased.
(Even a fair number of Americans and Russians are now visiting.)
Total numbers of viable cells at each mefloquine concentration were determined using trypan blue exclusion as previously described [ 14 ] . Viability (%) was calculated using the following formula: Viability (%) = # viable cells in treated culture/# viable cells in control culture * 100.
More than one-half of monocytes expressed CCR2, CCR5, CXCR1, and CXCR2 in seven of nine cases, although a minimal number of monocytes from two donors expressed these receptors.
The mouse cDNA sequence has been deposited in GenBank (accession number AF073993).
Third, the possibility exists that, even if many of the observed interactions are functionally important and, by inference, the respective binding sites are subject to purifying selection, the binding sites for different partners tend to overlap such that the number of amino residues in these sites increases only slowly with the increase in the numbers of interactions.
The mayor's press secretary said everyone in New York is just wrong: "The poll numbers seem to be driven by false perceptions."
A number of sequence-based features are also available, including calculation of alignment position statistics for a variety of physical-chemical properties: molecular volume [ 50], average pKa [ 50], hydrogen-bonding potential, number of rotatable bonds and hydrophobicity [ 51].
Early in this century Funk & Wagnalls published dictionaries that contained a large number of Scotticisms, either out of habit or affection for the genre or because their lexicographers felt that every student who read Burns had to be able to find in the dictionary every word he used.
But look at the numbers.
Specific primers for PCR amplification of the exons were designed based on the human KIT genomic sequence (Genebank accession number AC006553, Human chromosome 4) (Table 1).
2: Problems By Priority Levels and 74Number of Months Unresolved Figure II.
Primers sets for the epithelial calcium channel were as follows: sense primer 5'TGAACCTGGTGCGCGCACTGC3' (GenBank accession number AJ271207.
Among Bessie's numbers were Dying Gambler's Blues, Sing Sing Prison Blues , and one I had never heard called Black Mountain Blues , which has the imcomparable lines,
8 The dramatic decrease in transaction costs across many sectors parallels the wide-scale changes at the end of the last century, which, in the words of Alfred Chandler, reduced “the number of transactions involved in the flow of goods, increased the speed and regularity of the flow, and so lowered costs and improved the productivity of the American distribution system.”
LSC believes that the total number of LSC eligible clients served by LSC grantees is of considerable relevance.
Watts might be annoyed by my article, and how any number of people might disagree with it for a variety of reasons.
To estimate the number of 5' versus 3' reads, we examined the 4,198 ESTs with detectable homology on either sense or antisense strands at time of submission (BLASTX search versus the SWIR non-redundant protein database, Sanger Centre).
To determine the amount of bias in the distribution of introns among their exon sequences, the Poisson distribution (here, μ is the mean frequency of introns for a particular exon and x is the target number of introns per rRNA gene) has been used to calculate the number of rRNA sequences expected to contain a given number of introns (rRNA Introns Table 4).
The total number of hepatocytes per field was determined by dividing the surface of the tissue section by the average surface of a hepatocyte.
A smaller number of candidates was discovered from the raw EST datasets compared with the clustered sequences, which suggests that our method of HGT candidate searching is partially dependent on sequence quality.
William Weld's decision to abandon his quest for the ambassadorship to Mexico leads at the New York Times , and is the number two story at USAT and the WP . (The LAT plays it on the front too, but below the fold.)
In MCLUST-HC, the number of clusters can be estimated using a statistical score (see [ 29 ] ). In the IMM approach, the number of clusters can be estimated from the posterior distribution of clustering results (see [ 18 ] ). Second, it is very difficult, if not impossible, to compare cluster quality over a range of different clustering algorithms when the number of clusters is not fixed.
A common standardized measure of demand uncertainty, the coefficient of variation (Cv)—defined as the standard deviation of the demand distribution divided by the mean of the demand distribution—for a specific product is proportional to the square root of the number of products offered.
There was no association with total number of pregnancies, height, obesity (BMI ≥ 30) weight, BMI, waist and hip circumferences, family history of breast cancer, having ever breastfed and use of oral contraceptives.
The GenBank accession number for each entry is a link to a new window that retrieves the specified entry from NCBI.
In all regression analyses, the number of independent variables was lower than the number of individuals/10 as recommended by Altman [ 25 ] .
Partially finished shirts and shirt subassemblies will then be in a number of places in the factory.
My concern about existence value is that it is very hard to measure and one can generate almost any number one wants to.
The number of differentially regulated genes identified by these criteria, 49 with increased and 21 with decreased expression, is significantly higher than expected by random chance, but it is much lower than one would expect if MeCP2 had a crucial role as transcriptional repressor of all genes with methylated promoters.
Number of New Hires
BLAST analysis of BACS containing the partial APBA2 duplications revealed duplicon-like sequences, based on significant homology to a large number of BACs from known duplicons.
The small molecule diversity in the blender is presumably on the order of billions, the protein and polymer diversity is on the order of hundreds of trillions, thus . Assuming that any pair of molecular species can undergo at least one two substrate–two product reaction, the total number of reactions is, as noted above, the square of the molecular diversity, so is about . If the probability that any one protein species catalyzes any one reaction is, say, one in a trillion, or , then the expected number of catalyzed reactions is just the product of the number of reactions times the number of potential protein catalysts, divided by the probability that a given protein catalyzes a given reaction.
The 737 inspections ordered by the FAA last week (which USAT alone led with on Friday) were apparently well warranted: 13 of the first 26 fuel main fuel pump wires checked showed wear on their insulation, says USAT . The WP is a little more reader-friendly about the actual number of planes involved: it says every one of the first 13 planes checked show some insulation chafing (the NYT , in its front-page story, says instead that this was true of a majority of the first 13 planes looked at), and that the grounding order affects 179 U.S. planes and 193 others worldwide.
Sequence entries with more than one GenBank number contain a "m" to the right of the accession number.
The number of French citizens with non-French heritage is substantial, reviving nationalist sentiment in the form of the Front National.
Although product variety in apparel has historically been associated with the fashion end of the industry, the number of products available to U.S. consumers in almost every apparel category has grown significantly over the past two decades.
Please include your address and daytime phone number (for confirmation only).
In this study a number of these have been systematically examined and a sensitive background-free assay has been demonstrated.
Consider the number of possible proteins of length . That is, we consider proteins made of the familiar kinds of standard encoded amino acids and, thus, linear chains of such amino acids.
Unlike the distributions observed for bladder and external urethral sphincter [ 10 ] where there was considerable overlap as well as a large number of double-labeled neurons, the results for bladder and prostate in this work are quite different.
We speculate that a large T-DNA region (approximately 17 kb) and/or the presence of a large number of tandem repeats of LacOs in the T-DNA region may contribute to the low efficiency of gene transfer.
I have already spent time with representatives of the power generation sector and have heard from a number of them who are interested in legislation that will provide the public health and environmental benefits we discussed today.
After the Saudis agreed to allow U.S. armed forces to be based in the Kingdom, Bin Ladin and a number of Islamic clerics began to publicly denounce the arrangement.
CHA director Phil Jackson and Mayor Richard M. Daley have made it a goal to increase the number of units that provide residents with air conditioning, said Daley's press secretary, Jacquelyn Heard.
Online auctions worsen the winner's curse by increasing the number of bidders.
Classification data is displayed as a bar chart, where the length of the bar represents the number of gene identifiers in each category.
The Spaniards never bothered to settle in the Bahamas, but the number of shipwrecks attest that their galleons frequently passed through the archipelago en route to and from the Caribbean, Florida, Bermuda, and their home ports.
We incubated the inoculated plates at room temperature (22°C) for 4 days before counting the number of colonies per plate as a measure of fungal abundance.
However, a small number of outliers present in replicate spots and/or arrays can be filtered out, underlining the importance of replicates in generating high-quality expression data.
Ovariole number is related to reproductive success in Drosophila melanogaster and positively correlated with maximum daily female fecundity [ 10 11 ] . The 98 RILs (recombinant inbred lines) for this study were scored for the trait ovariole number and genotyped as described in Wayne et al.
If the numbers of data points for each toxicant concentration are not equal, the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with Bonferroni's adjustment should be used (see Appendix F).
It is a standardized difference score ( z score) using the expected value and standard deviation of the number of genes meeting the criterion on a GO term under a hypergeometric distribution.
At number 605 Herengracht, Museum Willet-Holthuysen gives you the opportunity to look behind the façade of a genuine Golden Age house.
have discovered that their old models no longer apply, and they don't know what numbers to trust.
A number of authors have addressed the difficulties encountered in experimental studies of homeopathy.
The algorithm does not make any prior assumptions about the number or structure of the classes.
For each number of clusters k ≥ 1, compute the within-clusters sum of squares tr W 
The numbers { r * 
The notion that large numbers of people who need the meds can't get them is, I think, overstated.
The regime is now censoring the death announcements in order to conceal the number and the identities of the victims of NATO's bombs, she wrote; but Sunday one notice slipped past the censors: a young woman employee of the bombed Belgrade TV station whose body had only just been found.
2) Only one rRNA intron has been documented in the Bacteria; due to the large number of rRNA gene sequences that have been determined, the ratio of rRNA introns per rRNA gene is essentially zero for the bacteria.
Because the proportion of incidental detection among cases undergoing a TURP was not associated with age, we multiplied in each age category for each year 1985 through 1997 the proportion 0.6786 by the total number of age- and year-specific TURPs recorded among cases to get an estimate of the number of TURPs that led to a prostate cancer diagnosis.
Table 1shows the numbers of CSEs and the base-pairs covered in the human or mouse genomes in the following categories: all CSEs; human primary CSEs; mouse primary CSEs; and univalent CSEs.
On the basis of the number of PCR cycles required for equal amplification of the corresponding PCR products from the subtracted and unsubtracted cDNA samples, we estimated that the subtracted libraries were 32-64-fold enriched for differentially expressed genes.
This is compatible with random, independent loss of gene pairs during evolution suggesting that, with the caveat of horizontal transfer, the number of gene pairs shared by three genomes could reflect the evolutionary distance between them.
Besides, in another mood, he writes, "It seemed to me that I was surrounded by braveries without number, that I had been inducted into a phalanx of the wildly-alive-even-if-dying, and I felt honored that I would, so to speak, die in the company of such people."
The cluster 13 consisted of between 50 to 350 Diphyllobothrium eggs and occasional ascarid eggs and the cluster 14 consisted of a large number (500-4000) of Diphyllobothrium eggs with a low to moderate number of Taenia and Ascarid or lungworm.
A number of witnesses testified to the atmosphere of intimidation in some labor camps and the chilling effect on workers when the employer was present.
Ne'matt said Kosovo had given the United States greater credibility in the Middle East and broader room for maneuver, since a number of states that Washington classifies as "radical," such as Syria and Libya, have shown that "they fully understand the rules of the game" and have taken to dealing with America much more intelligently and pragmatically than before.
Please include your address and daytime phone number (for confirmation only).
Throughout the story, Ellison uses the symbol of horns, investing them with a number of meanings relating to sexual desire (the horny young boys), artistic creation (the instrument of jazz), and masculinity (the symbol of a bull).
The number of plaques was then determined and activity calculated based on the reduction in average number of plaques, in wells where the compound was pre-incubated with the virus, compared to the control wells inoculated with untreated virus.
One chicken EST clone (GenBank accession number BM487594) was found homologous to the N-terminal end of HsCOP1.
Even so, it added, "The resurrection of an ancient people in its own land, following the destruction of a third of its number in the Holocaust, is unique in history and represents ample cause for celebration."
Plants seem to have a large number of EF-hand-containing proteins, some of which have homologs in non-plant systems whereas others are unique to plants.
PGE 2 , however, could potentially modulate the proteolytic cascade, resulting in collagen degradation at a number of steps.
A number of previous reports have used an ADI threshold ( A 
The number of recombinant adenovirus copies in the liver
Tourism numbers fell dramatically but are now rising again as visitors grow more confident.
It will be noted, that the grouping of the numbers differs from country to country: the US retains xxx-xxxx, presumably as a hangover from the old days of telephone name-calling; in Britain, the (older) five-digit and the (newer) six-digit numbers are written solid: xxxxx(x); on the Continent, six-digit numbers are written in sets of two: xx-xx-xx.
Large eukaryotic DNA viruses, such as poxviruses, phycodnaviruses, phaeoviruses, asfarviruses, iridoviruses (all of which form the recently identified monophyletic clade of nucleo-cytoplasmic large DNA viruses (NCLDVs) [ 9]), baculoviruses and herpesviruses, also encode a number of transcription factors.
The phenomenon of number creep is bad because we want analysts to reach conclusions they think are true, and not conclusions that they think are going to get them on CNBC.
At this cutoff, randomized interaction data produced on average only ~1% this number of pathways (32 pathways, P = 7 × 10 -6).
For example, in three categories (sexual abuse, physical neglect, and emotional neglect), the number of cases described as "moderate" declined even as the number of "serious" ones increased--strongly suggesting that cases once viewed as only moderately threatening have now been "upgraded" to the most dire category.
All experiments were performed with 24K-SH arrays containing spots representing 22,594 human transcripts and ESTs, from a number of different print runs.
The number of SKUs can range from just 10,000 for a discount food store like Costco, which offers a limited number of products sold in large quantities, to more than two million different items in an upscale department store.
In Britain, when a numeral is repeated in, say, a telephone, credit-card, house, or other number, the word double is used to describe it: thus, for instance, the VERBATIM telephone in Aylesbury, 395880 , would be uttered as, three, nine, five, double-eight, oh (or zero, but oh is more common).
Initial simulation estimates based on monotonic population expansion suggested that useful LD was unlikely to extend beyond 3 kb, implying a number of 500,000 SNPs necessary for a whole-genome scan [ 32 ] . Another study looking at real data found that LD extended over much larger distances and arrived at an estimate as small as 30,000 SNPs, or 1 SNP per 100 kb [ 33 ] . Recent evidence suggests that the genome consists of blocks of high LD (haplotype blocks) separated by recombination hot spots [ 34 ] . Within each block, a limited number of common haplotypes (three to five) typically capture about 90% of all chromosomes, which means that a reduced number of SNPs would be needed to characterize these haplotypes [ 35 ] . Thus, the recently initiated construction of a haplotype map of the human genome may facilitate selection of SNP markers for genomewide association studies like ours.
Owing to undetected IMAGE or Unigene number duplications on the submitted list of 955 genes, only 945 unique clones were received.
They also do not show significant sequence similarity to other vertebrate nuclear envelope-associated proteins such as LAP1, LAP2, MAN1, and emerin (GenBank accession numbers A55649, S55255, Q9WU40, and XP_048410, respectively).
Alternatively, the decrease in brain weight could reflect changes in neuropil rather than cell numbers.
Program staff from the Office of Information Management reviewed Case Service Reports (CSR) for 1991 through 2000 to discern trends in the types and numbers of cases closed by grantees.
Since the storage requirements for a USM representation of a sequence are considerably larger than that of the sequence itself, it may be more efficient to store the sequence in its native form (a sequence of symbols) and compute the USM coordinates just prior to sequence comparison when a large number of comparisons are being performed.
You must include your address and daytime phone number (for confirmation only).
For each completed week of gestation, we divided the total number of births into 100 equally sized groups, each representing an increment of 1 percentile point.
Please include your address and daytime phone number (for confirmation only).
The central hypothesis is that a core curriculum designed, written and taught by physicians using state of the art clinical knowledge and education theory, can be effective in reaching a second tier of physicians by having the newly trained physicians return to their work settings and seek to engage and educate a growing number of their peers using and adapting the provided educational materials.
In one lane, the peak for each restriction enzyme was chosen, that had the maximum height (NewHeight) after applying the following empirically determined formula in order to account for the broadening in peak shape and the resulting lower peak height that goes along with increasing numbers of base pairs: NewHeight = MeasuredHeight / ((CalculatedBasePairs / - Denominator) + Addend), with Denominator = 3.0, Addend = 500.
Although the Disaster Recovery Center will open Friday, it is extremely important for individuals and businesses to call the FEMA disaster number to begin the application process."
where, COVi = ASi / PSi ASi = Number of actual stops on route i PSi = Number of possible stops on route i PPSi = Number of pieces per possible stop on route i
As evidence for this nationwide hysteria, the story quotes a gun shop owner in Las Vegas who's been unloading an unusually high number of gas masks and bulletproof vests (if ammo shops in Las Vegas are a reliable indicator of the country's mood, then Today's Papers is moving to Denmark).
But the number was still 100 times higher than that of only five years ago.
And it would "radically alter the nature of the architecture of the business by shrinking the number of global competitors from"--can you stand it?
Heritage assets shall be quantified in terms of physical units (for example, number of items in collections or the number of national parks).
Please include your address and daytime phone number (for confirmation only).
With that in mind, it may require the isolation and sequencing of large numbers of clones (perhaps >500/target) in order to find the appropriate surrogate for partner identification.
Details on the specific patients studied, and details for each GeneChip (scaling factors, number of present calls, percentage difference calls between each duplicate sample, number of difference calls surviving four pair-wise comparisons of duplicate chips) is provided (Table 1).
Two moeB sequences with evidence for function include a knockout of the open reading frame encoding GenBank accession number BAA35521, which was shown to cause the accumulation of precursor Z in E. coli [ 13 ] and accession number Z95150, which was found to be located within a cluster of other MPT-Mo synthesis genes of Mycobacterium tuberculosis [ 14 ] . MSAEs from eukaryotic organisms have also been characterized: MOCS3 (GenBank accession number NM_014484) from humans and cnx 5 from Arabidopsis thaliana [ 15 ] , respectively, have been sequenced, and cnxF from Aspergillus nidulans [ 16 ] has been both sequenced and physiologically characterized.
Please include your address and daytime phone number (for confirmation only).
Suppose that our position in time is represented by a positive (that is, non-negative and nonzero) number.
the number of courses and conferences held or attended.
However, in 1998 the number of new cases decreased, with 36 842 cases being encountered (Table 1).
We were next interested in the number of sequences in the two proteomes for which the orthology bootstrap values do not correspond to sequence similarity (Table 5).
, same agents, dosage, number of courses, etc.), do they benefit to the same degree as others?
3. Step 2 is iterated a large number of times, producing a new candidate value for each new set of random draws.
Only one EST clone (GenBank accession number AW787013) was found from the pig (Sus scrofa) to be homologous to the HsCOP1 3-prime end.
The protein product of the mdm2 oncogene is over-expressed in a considerable number of tumors [ 27 ] . This protein is a pivotal negative regulator of p53 [ 27 ] ; it interacts with the P53 protein masking its transcriptional domain and accelerating its proteasomal degradation [ 21 27 ] . The later process involves the deacetylation and ubiquitylation of the p53 protein by mdm2 [ 28 ] . Inactivation and/or degradation of p53 diminishes the cell ability to undergo apoptosis [ 21 ] . Conversely, p53 may influence mdm2.
The term survived the departure of the originals and was soon consciously adopted for all the holidaying patrons, mainly from the Midlands and North, by the large number of seasonal employees at the lake.
Still more surprising, a finite number of diVerent molecules, about a hundred million, can constitute a universal shape library.
Two μg of fragmented target cRNA was used for hybridization of each UniSet Human I Expression Bioarray (Motorola Life Sciences) containing 9589 probes (representing 9,203 unique accession numbers (genes), corresponding to approximately 8,935 unique clusters and 386 control probes, selected initially from GenBank Unigene build #125) or for hybridization to a microarray containing probes corresponding to 1100 human genes, each spotted 6 times per array.
If you consume teen culture at all, you have surely noticed the remarkable number of sympathetic parents around.
Montana has similar numbers of machines in similar places, though the state does not run the machines.
Any calculation with a large number of inputs is likely to resist closed-form calculation of uncertainty and intuitive statements about total uncertainty are likely to be worthless.
Since a number of offices have been closed in the last 20 years, this estimate of 12,000 may not be current.
There are a number of new hotels at Georgioúpolis, a resort with a long sandy beach and freshwater marshland on its western edge.
Congress and to the general public concerning our commitment to providing the most accurate and reliable data, we adjusted the number of cases reported by LSC grantees (1,038,662) by the average estimated error rate (11%).
In later interviews, she backed down from this number, admitting that she doesn't recall seeing Dozhier give Hale cash.
Our studies have confirmed that "can you spare a dime, and by the way, I have a gun" has a response rate in the mid-70s, and you just can't ignore numbers like that.
Possible mechanisms of transcription-independent proliferation arrest by C/EBPα have been suggested by a number of studies.
1can be used in place of the numbers.
Because these are true clonal expansions (ie increased numbers of B cells per specific clone), it is likely that the antigenic exposures are chronic and therefore are increasing the numbers of memory B cells reactive with these determinants.
As a result, the number of employees needed to process accounting transactions was reduced by more than halffrom about 2,500 to only 1,200 employees worldwide.
A number of witnesses before the Commission testified regarding the importance of enforcing these rights to accomplish the core purposes of the H-2A statute.
The Carbon Catabolite Repressor 4 factor in Saccharomyces cerevisiae (yCCR4) regulates the expression of a number of genes involved in nonfermentative growth [ 1 ] , in cell wall integrity [ 2 ] , in UV sensitivity [ 3 ] , and in methionine biosynthesis [ 4 ] . yCCR4 is an essential component of several complexes involved in transcription.
In a past study [ 11 ] , the differences in NGF-promoted gene expression revealed by SAGE analysis of our libraries were found to be highly reliable based on 1) the absence of regulation shown by a number of anticipated "housekeeping" genes including β-actin, 2) the observation that the vast majority of transcripts were not responsive to NGF, 3) the detection of anticipated changes in expression of a number transcripts previously reported to be NGF responsive, and 4) the agreement in relative expression of 20 genes as revealed by SAGE and northern blot analyses.
The percent agreement for the number of monthly species-specific fish meals consumed in 1991 ranged from 85-89% (Pearson r = 0.4-0.
In extreme cases (usually small RI sets), intervals that can be perfectly predicted by small numbers of other non-syntenic intervals will effectively be eliminated from a mapping study and QTLs in those intervals will be missed.
We estimatedthe power of GPNN as the number of times the functional SNPs wereidentified in the model divided by the total number of runs.
This number was calculated as follows: (number of plaques 270) × (dilution factor 10) × (total packaging volume 500 μl) / (total number of mg packaged 8.75 × 10 -5) × (number of μl packaged 1) = 1.542 × 10 10plaque-forming units (PFU) per mg or 1.35 × 10 6PFU per packaging reaction.
In addition to allowances allocated pursuant to paragraph (1), in each calendar yearbeginning in 1995 and ending in 1999, inclusive, the Administrator shall allocate for each unit on Table A that is located in the States of Illinois, Indiana, or Ohio (other than units at Kyger Creek, Clifty Creek and Joppa Steam), allowances in an amount equal to 200,000 multiplied by the unit's pro rata share of the total number of allowances allocated for all units on Table A in the 3 States (other than units at Kyger Creek, Clifty Creek, and Joppa Steam) pursuant to paragraph (1).
As the main industries of the region continued to decline, the number of visitors continued to grow; it seemed that tourism could at least breath some life back into the region.
The only people who have embraced all of Canada’s vast territory are the Inuit and other pre-Columbian peoples, even though they now number less than half a million and have never been many more.
where N is the total number of genes measured, R is the total number of genes meeting the criterion, n is the total number of genes in this specific MAPP, and r is the number of genes meeting the criterion in this specific MAPP.
Doing a bit more research, I discover that in my own column I included a long sidebar which acknowledged that, while the precise numbers are in dispute, China certainly does run a large bilateral surplus vis-à-vis the United States, and tried to discuss the economic meaning of that surplus.
The climate is perfect, the beaches are beautiful, the revitalized downtown area is lively, and the number and range of activities for people of all ages is impressive.
Males invokes Department of Justice findings that show "parents and caretakers inflicted a half-million serious injuries on children and youths in 1993, quadruple the number reported in 1986."
The means of maintaining the database and the details that it contained had changed as the number of reported incidents at the university had grown--from 3 or 4 a month in 1993 to between 50 and 60 a month in early 1997--and as the database's value as a management tool became more apparent.
We have accounted for this limitation by allowing any number of expression patterns to be added to the final list of identified cluster centroids, thereby revealing genes that are similarly expressed to the pattern in question.
As several people noted, the percentages Chatterbox cited in his previous item (" Do Vacations Kill?") overstate some vacation dangers in the sense that, say, the higher incidence of drowning deaths compared with falling deaths reflects the much greater number of people who swim as compared with the number who climb mountains.
If you go by Smith's account, the rest must have gone to: 1) a surprisingly large number of cell-phone calls--up to 20 a day per person--to a surprisingly large number of lovers; 2) alternative therapists--astrologists (three), spiritualists (including a clairvoyant who put her in touch with her grandmother), a tarot card reader, an energy healer, a hypnotherapist, an "anger-release" therapist, colonic irrigationists, osteopaths, chiropractors, reflexologists, aromatherapists, shiatsu and tai chi chuan experts, acupuncturists, and a "mind-body" therapist, the last a former tax accountant who gave her massages and diet advice; 3) more conventional forms of treatment for sleeplessness, eating disorders, paranoia, and self-mutilation, including an episode in which she slashed her arms and smeared the blood all over the walls of an airplane; 4) lunch at fancy restaurants to which she secretly invited tabloid reporters so she could drop by their tables and leak whatever she wanted to appear in their publications the next day.
As with any product, the increased number of sellers tends to drive down prices.
I realize this is hardly an insightful observation on my part; after all, the same point has been made by any number of commentators before me, including my mother, the guy who works at the liquor store down the street, and virtually every human being who lives in an even remotely first-world country, but nonetheless whenever I think about this I just want to hit an HMO administrator on the head with a rock until it dies.
The numbers vary a bit from paper to paper, but ballpark, the two received a total of $60,000.
"The coverage of Dole has been excessively bitchy from day one, in addition to having a number of extraordinary factual problems."
There is no documented case of a credit-card number being stolen over the Internet.
(Of course, there are two other possibilities left unmentioned: 1) a significant number of people think the two parties are leading the country in the same direction, and 2) voters are incoherent.)
QuartOPs are similar to the clusters of orthologous groups (COGs) maintained by the NCBI [ 26 27 28 ] , but differ in that COGs require only unidirectional, circular best hit relationships for three of the reference genomes, whereas we require the reciprocal top hit relationship for the four genomes included in a quartet, and we do not limit our identification of QuartOPs to a number of reference genomes.
We sequenced the STSL loci in sitosterolemic and control rat strains and identified a number of nucleotide changes.
For the small number of cases (N = 8) for whom lymph node involvement code was unknown, we considered this the same as no lymph node involvement because the tumor size was so small for these cases that a lymph node dissection was not considered necessary at the time of this study.
With the exception of number of breastfeeds per 24 hours and number of breastfeeds during the nighttime, all continuous variables were deemed normally distributed (normal distribution in the two non-parametric variables was also rejected using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov 1-sample test) [ 19 ] . Normally distributed variables were tested using Student's t-test, or ANOVA.
Varying numbers of biotinylated Ad5.CMV-LacZ (2.
Dental caries experience was the number of Decayed, Missing and Filled Teeth (DMFT), excluding third molars and teeth reported missing for other reasons.
These were shoulder pain at rest, range of active motion abduction and flexion, shoulder pain on motion, hand to neck, hand to scapula, isometric shoulder endurance, neck rotation, hand grip strength, flexibility of the low back and hamstrings using the sit-and-reach method, chair test (number of times a subject could stand up in a minute), and a six-minute walk.
[ 1 ] Specifically, the number of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) procedures rose 248% from 1987 to 1998, and although not as spectacular, the growth rate for coronary artery bypass surgery (CABS), was also impressive, with an estimated 553,000 cases performed in 1998.
Dichotomous variables representing the number of HbA1c lab tests ( = 1 if # tests ≥ 2) and the number of physician visits ( = 1 if # visits ≥ 4) were included as measures of predisposition to use health services.
The gene numbers are remarkably similar to those found for the entire dataset, as are the numbers of groups (see the Additional data files).
Figure 5ashows the number of classified polytopic membrane domains versus the number of ORFs in all the genomes, and Figure 5bshows the same relation in genomes of single-celled organisms.
We first identified EST libraries that were directionally cloned and sequenced (that is, ESTs were cloned and sequenced in a defined orientation with respect to the mRNA transcript); then, focusing exclusively on ESTs from such libraries, we searched for UniGene clusters containing a statistically significant number of misoriented ESTs.
The following files are available with the online version of this article: the e-values of the best matches for the initial BLASTX searches against bacteria, C. elegans and Drosophila for the WMi dataset (Additional data file 1), together with a mapping file (Additional data file 2) that gives the MI contig number associated with each filename; the best match and e-value for the BLASTX search of the WMj dataset against bacteria (Additional data file 3), C. elegans (Additional data file 4) and Drosophila (Additional data file 5); the e-value for the best match to bacteria, C. elegans and Drosophila resulting from a TBLASTX search for the NMi dataset (Additional data file 6), the NMj dataset (Additional data file 7), the NMh dataset (Additional data file 8), where a value of 100 indicates no match found; a text file with details of the data given in each of these dataset files (Additional data file 9); the alignment in Phylip format used to calculate the NodL tree (Additional data file 10); the alignment in Phylip format of the original sequences, before any manual adjustments were made (Additional data file 11); and a key giving the gi number listed in the alignment for each species (Additional data file 12).
Our meeting with five members of the Federal Small Agency CIO Council and a number of independent studies provide similar conclusions.
EPA has concluded that it was not necessary to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis because the rule only affects motor vehicle manufacturers, a group that is not comprised of a substantial number of small businesses.
From fiscal year 1990 through fiscal year 1999, the number of nonpostal civilian federal employees fell from about 2.3 million to about 1.9 million.
The best way to visit the Mount of Olives is to take a taxi or bus (number 75 to Et-Tur, from the Damascus Gate bus station) to the top of the Mount, visit the points of interest there, and then walk down the hillside through the Garden of Gethsemane and the Jewish cemeteries to the Kidron Valley.
The gangster Al Capone’s cell was on “B” Block, 2nd tier, number 200.
There are a number of important conceptual and methodologic issues in assessing QoL in people who are critically ill, not least of which is the question of how it should be defined.
We have provided experimental evidence of an important role of a number of invariant residues of PfPP1 in the interaction with I-2 (Fig.
The NYT , which calls the consumer spending numbers "very robust," is less discouraged by the declining rate than the WP and LAT , which both emphasize that consumer confidence is sliding.
N12, however, had tumor cells throughout the breast tissue and therefore although the 'normal' sample was taken distal to the tumor it contained significant numbers of tumor cells.
So much love is in the air that a number of stars are flying back into their former lovers' arms--or at least trying to.
The paper also talked up the "spiritual" side of the Saudi-Chinese relationship: "Over 50 million Chinese follow the Muslim faith, and the number of Chinese pilgrims to Saudi holy sites is set to increase, thus helping to further common understanding between the two nations."
Although one might be led to believe that all dictionaries of etymology are alike, the truth is that they differ in a number of respects, and it is useful for those interested in language to have several types available.
Second, it's gratifyingly symmetrical, with the two consonants hugging that number in the middle.
A larger number of animals would allow for statistical analysis of pathologic findings such as activated fibroblasts by depth and thickness of newly formed extracellular matrix between experimental and control eyes.
Their numbers are still small.
The primary structural difference was that secondary arterial branches contain a greater number of smooth muscle cells within the tunica media and have 5 to 10 times thicker smooth muscle layer than that of veins.
Naples is where pizza began (the region is the nation’s number one supplier of mozzarella), and flavorful home-cooking of fresh ingredients has been raised to an art form.
Most of the papers observe that many Indians feel the tests were really designed to send a message to China, especially, as the Times , the WP , and the Journal report, since the Indian Defense Minister said just last week that China, not Pakistan, is India's "potential enemy number one."
Of these, 50% were estimated to have tuberculosis co-infection [ 14 ] . The total number of notifications of tuberculosis cases of all forms has been steadily rising in Uganda, from 14,740 in 1990 to 27,196 in 1996 (an increase of over 90%), even with an estimated case detection rate of about 44% [ 15 ] .
Where C i,j is the count of base i in position j, N is the total number of sequences.
Number 59: “Promulgation of laws extended to German language editions”
Arsenic is a toxic element that is found in both natural environments such as geothermal springs, and in sites contaminated by a number of industries.
In fact, seismologists have a rough method for predicting the number of aftershocks on a given day: It declines in inverse proportion to the time since the mainshock (i.e., day four has one-fourth the number of quakes as day one).
further increasing the number of immigration agents to FBI JointTerrorism Task Forces to help investigate immigration charges against individuals suspected of terrorism;
Reduction of the number of samples genotyped, or the number of markers, or both, has been shown to be efficient [ 24 25 26 27 28 ] . We used a two-stage design.
When glucose is present in the growth media, transcription of a large number of genes encoding products involved in the metabolism of alternative carbon sources is repressed (for reviews, see [ 1, 2, 3].
Using default parameters, GlimmerM frequently yielded a large number of overlapping predictions (competing gene models) and thus additional filtering of the initial prediction output was required.
Number of apoptotic cells and mitotic figures in group A were compared with those in groups B and C using Wilcoxan Rank Sum Test (Table 3).
He has devised a number of lies and half-truths to convey this.
Finally, R -flurbiprofen (10 mg/kg/day) orally administered to Min /+ for 42 days starting at 10 weeks of age was also able to decrease tumour number by greater than 58% [ 11 ] .
But until you've done some kind of analysis, quoting a number such as "10" is both dishonest and disreputable.
The number of crews chasing the candidates around grows larger every election cycle.
The number of cell types in real cells scales as roughly a square root to a linear function of the estimated number of genes in that organism, from yeast to sponge to worm to man.
The researchers are simply of the opinion that the number of false positives will, with extremely high probability, be exceeded by the undercount.
Pre-revolutionary Russia produced a number of dictionaries of proverbs; a well known one was Dal's Proverbs and Sayings of the Russian People (1862), which contains over 30,000 entries.
In detail, the process continues as query genome number 2 data are retrieved from GenBank and treated as described above, i.e., this set of proteins is compared against the first consensus set of paired genes formed between the reference genome and query genome number 1. A second consensus set of related genes is generated and stored.
Nor did Zolar's "Name Number," "Month Number," or "Birth Path Number" for a person make any difference.
2 This variety is portrayed in Table 3.1, which shows the number of SKUs provided annually by different types of retailers over the course of a year.
Alignment of the rRNA exons (when available) between closely-related sequences provided an independent evaluation of the intron-exon borders for each intron-containing rRNA sequence; the large number of rRNA sequences in our collection and the high level of sequence conservation at intron insertion points provide great confidence in this evaluation.
“ MoBay” (as it’s called by the locals) is probably the most complete resort area in Jamaica, with its beaches, sports, and shopping along with a large number of fine hotel resorts.
Although the total number and general pattern of abnormalities were similar, the prevalence of individual abnormalities was different based on the extent of tobacco/alcohol exposure as outlined in Figure 2. Amplification at 3q26-27 (p = 0.05) and gain of 1p (p = 0.03) were significantly more common in patients with carcinogen exposure.
Winning numbers are illuminated at each table to attract passers-by into thinking “It’s hitting my number! ”
For full details and a descriptive brochure, write to Omnigraphics, Inc., Penobscot Building, Detroit, MI 48226, or phone the toll-free number (800) 234-1340; the FAX number is (313) 961-1383.
This growing number of titles leaves publishing houses with less time and attention to edit and market books.
This subjective criterion follows from the fact that the confidence interval of the correlogram is not based on variability in the signal but solely on the number of data points taken in the experiment (see [ 37 ] ). Following inspection of the signal and the correlogram, several methods are used to estimate period.
If the number of neutral neighbors (the neutrality, ν) of all viable sequences is approximately the same, and the fraction of neutral mutations of a viable sequence is on average much larger than the probability that a completely random sequence is viable, then w ( d + 1) can be approximated by [ν/( L κ- L )] w ( d ), where L is sequence length and κ denotes the number of different bases that can occur (κ = 4 for RNA).
Therefore, in such networks a percolating frozen red sea exists, leaving behind isolated green islands, and the distribution of purple damage avalanches is a power law with a finite cuto at about times the square root of the number of genes (Figure .b).
These sequences have been posted to GenBank in annotated form (accession number AF177767 for the murine sequence and AF177765 for the human sequence).
It recommends adding to the access fund, increasing both the number of pro bono hours and financial contributions from attorneys, improved assistance for unrepresented litigants and access to an attorney for those who require one, and development of a statewide plan to distribute legal services more evenly throughout the state to insure that the rural population also is served.
But there's this more recherch, one: The number of times DiMaggio was thrown out in his major league career going from first to third?
The large number of such overlapping transcripts identified here raises the possibility that antisense interactions may not be an uncommon mechanism for regulating gene expression in Drosophila .
Your final number would be suspect in a hundred ways.
Then, the number of wild-type genomes k in a cell is binomially distributed, and therefore the overall probability ξ 
Egrets, ducks and geese now gather at waterfowl resting ponds in large numbers; and native prairie grass has been planted to return natural diversity and other wildlife to the area.
Because human chromosomes 20, 21 and 22 have been finished and annotated, we used the number of CSEs and protein-coding genes in these three chromosomes and the number of total CSEs to estimate: first, the number of the human and mouse homologous genes that share at least one CSE; and second, the total number of the human genes.
This initial screen identified approximately 90 bona fide full-length (according to criteria described below) hOR genes and a large number of candidate sequence fragments.
Still, there are a number of errors which ought to be corrected for any subsequent edition or printing.
Where A. vitis F2/5 is effective as a biological control agent, its control is only effective when numbers of F2/5 are equal to, or greater than, the number of cells of the virulent strain [ 3 ] . Strains that are resistant to F2/5 biological control are known.
Now economists are pointing out the unfairness of subsidizing the reduction in the number of doctors while refusing to do the same for other professions, such as economists.
The first two exons of the GPC5 gene are present in BAC clone accession number AL138714, exons 3,4,5 in AC027429, exon 6 in AL162456, exon 7 in AL163537 and exon 8 in AL157363 (Table 2).
We have demonstrated that both local and systemic administration of Ad-mIL-4 resulted in a reduction in the severity of arthritis, as well as in the number of arthritic paws.
The story is accompanied by a box of tips, including: always buckle up (hitting that partition with your head is a leading cause of passenger injuries) and always request a receipt (most receipts give the cab's number).
Thus, the number of passive vs. active investors will always fluctuate around an equilibrium.
Some places, however, have designated themselves "scent-free zones," but certainly a small number.
! The total number of people being served annually by LSC grantees is several times the number of cases being reported on the Case Service Report (CSR).
The alleged contradiction would therefore have nothing to do with the number of specialists involved or the length of stay in the hospital.
For technical reasons we were unable to conclusively identify these structures (Figure 1B), but for a number of reasons we believe that they may be associated with sites of heterochromatin.
The gene information is stored in tables created in Microsoft Excel and must contain these columns (comma separated) in the following order: probe set or spot identifier, accession number, UniGene ID, gene title, and map location.
This new source of error now combines with the original underestimate to produce a probability density for the total number of cases in the state.
After all, if New York's numbers were counted separately, we would no longer treat goods imported into New York as debit items in the U.S. balance of payments.
Focus on the Family dispenses family counseling over an 800 number and sponsors Dobson's daily radio broadcast, in which he serves up advice on marriage and child-rearing along with condemnations of "humanism," a philosophy he equates with all forms of social permissiveness.
Institute of Clear Air Companies, "Equipment Market Forecasts," Issue Number 20, September 2001.
We also picked families in solute transport systems that are annotated as transporters, symporters and channels, and analyzed the number of TM-helices for these families (Figure 2).
[ 26] estimated the copy number of this family at 1,600.
Since 1991, the Transportation Department has reduced the number of these crossings from 290,000 to 257,000 and intends to close another 30,000.
Although a number of molecular-marker maps are available for various species, further resolution of the target region is often required, as markers may be irregularly spaced along the chromosome owing to uneven rates of recombination.
Educating employees and other users about current information security risks and helping to ensure consistent understanding and administration of policies through help-line telephone numbers, presentations to business units, and written information communicated electronically or through paper memos.
The number of samples genotyped and the accuracy of genotyping are summarized in Table 2.
This may reflect a reduction in the number of osteogenic stem cells available for skeletal repair in older individuals [ 17].
The Departments submitted the proposed collection requirements to OMB as required by the Paperwork Reduction Act and OMB has approved the information collection requirements and assigned control number 1076-0136.
In a number of model organisms, high-resolution gene-expression maps have served as extremely powerful tools for discovery and characterization of novel genes as well as exploration of multiple cellular functions [ 9, 11].
Several agencies have experienced intrusions into their systems, and there are indications, such as tests at the Department of Defense, that the number of attacks is growing and that many attacks are not detected.
The sequences of the 70-mers and corresponding GenBank accession numbers of the genes are available as an additional data file.
The Asian American experience may offer a precedent: As growing numbers of Asian Americans have entered the mainstream over the last decade, it is increasingly said--sometimes with pride, sometimes with scorn--that they are "becoming white."
Control cDNA clones (GenBank Accession numbers are in brackets) from Arabidopsis thaliana (T76518, T45394, H37673), human cytomegalovirus (NP_039949, NP_039950, NP_039952, NP_039955, NP_039971, NP_039974, NP_039976) E. coli (J04423: BioB, BioC, BioD) and B. subtilis (X04603, M24537, X17013, L38424) were provided by the Scripps Research Institute's microarray facility and were chosen to lack homology to human sequences.
To make direct reservations with a hotel, we have included addresses (all in California, abbreviated CA) and telephone/fax numbers.
On the basis of an extensive empirical study, Milligan and Cooper [ 26 ] recommended the adjusted Rand index as the measure of agreement even when comparing partitions with different numbers of clusters.
Although total numbers for some of the STR types are relatively small, it appears that each type of STR has its own particular signature of IRE association.
The observed number of "incident" cases of AR or MR in the exposed group was calculated as the total number of cases minus the number expected at baseline (estimated from the prevalence in the unexposed control group in each study).
It is critically important that the Congress and the Administration agree on a definition since it serves as the foundation for a number of key organizational, operational and funding decisions.
The number of relevant workplace injuries mentioned (by the NYT ) in yesterday's coverage was 600,000, but today's USAT and Wall Street Journal (in an inside story) up the ante to 1.8 million.
A number of multi-city and other types of studies strongly suggest that these effects-relationships cannot be explained by weather, statistical approaches, or other pollutants.
Androgen treatment also induced a number of genes that participate in protein folding and glycosylation (Figure 5b).
To see how the Dutch of a later era lived, climb the cobbled street of Hollander Slope (number 5 tram to the Ishibashi stop), where you’ll see some red-brick and wooden clapboard houses with colonial-style verandahs and — a rare sight atop houses in Japan — chimneys.
It has also launched an effort to increase the number of flood insurance policyholders-something that had not been a traditional focus of the agency but that is now understood as being critical to helping individuals recover from disasters.
To generate pGaL4-hCCR4, a fragment corresponding to the entire hCCR4 coding sequence (with the exception of the initiation codon) was obtained upon digestion of the KIAA1194 cDNA (accession number AB033020, gift from the Kazusa Research Institute, putative start codon -Met 19-positioned by homology with mCCR4) by Sph I and Msc I (nt 423 to 2172 in KIAA1194), and was inserted in-frame into the pGaL4PolyII vector opened by Xho I, after Klenow treatment of both vector and insert.
In genomic DNA comparisons, however, the distributions display more variation in their shape as a result of different numbers of divergent genes (Figures 1, 2, 3a).
For acquisitions of Federal mission PP&E where costs are incurred over a number of years, the portion of the cost incurred during the reporting period shall be considered an expense in the period incurred in determining the net cost of operations and the total cost to date considered an acquisition-in-process cost in the required supplementary stewardship information.
It will be shown that, by adding backward and forward map distances between two positions, the number of identical units in the encompassing sequences can be extracted directly from the USM coordinates.
Throughout the Convention, Inner Circle members will take part in a number of unique events, including a tour of NASA's Houston facility, and the formal event of the week, the Red, White & Boots Gala.
The numerator, R, is the number of point mutations that lead from the consensus codon to the target amino acid.
• Restrict the number of routinely reportable diseases based on measures of mortality, morbidity, severity, communicability, and preventability;
We recommend that all relevant studies be listed in the material and methods section or in an appendix, even when it was not possible to formally screen and evaluate them in the meta-analysis, so that the reader will be aware of the number of studies not included in the formal meta-analysis.
One of the most basic rules of grammar, that decreeing agreement in number of indefinite article or demonstrative pronoun with the noun modified, is, apparently, no longer seen as binding.
SECTION 11 (Continued) Number Page
Monica Lewinsky took such obvious delight in regaling us with details of her encounters with her sexual soulmate--her wide eyes crinkling happily, her full mouth struggling vainly against a triumphant grin at the impressive number of times he called--you felt you'd wandered into Lord of the Flies, the female version . What adultless colony did this girl come from?
This is typical of the big papers: they usually report these jobs numbers as if it were perfectly obvious that the chief cause of inflation is full(er) employment.
The number of antedatings we have found in the last several years has been small, which is both good (in validating the quality of our original research) and bad (no breakthroughs).
8 ± 2.3 cells/7950 μm 2for MS1096/Y;UAS-mCul1/+ ). This result suggests that mCul1 overexpression causes a reduction in cell number either by a coordinate reduction in cell growth and proliferation or by increasing cell death.
Most journals about country music are either oriented toward collectors, like the Journal of Country Music , or oriented toward consumers, like any number of Nashville publications about commercial country.
As we have noted, thanks to the ergodic hypothesis, the gas system ultimately visits each macrostate at a number of times proportional to the number of microstates in that macrostate.
Even if suppliers in other businesses will not make the specific operational changes of an apparel-maker, an increasing number are establishing information links with other channel players and combining information use with technologies and work practices to speed up order processing.
There are three ways of transmitting a desired telephone number from your telephone (instrument).
5 on a given day can elevate mortality on a number of following days (Schwartz, 2000; Samet et al.
A second author (JZ) was added and a considerable number of changes were made to the text, although none of these altered the data or major conclusions of the study.
One story is that locomotive Number 1090 was wrecked nearby.
Blast analysis of public databases reveals a large number of coding sequences with significant similarity to
[ 5 ] Since the early 1980s, there have been a number of tools available to measure dyspnea in acute and chronic illness.
At 9:58:59, the South Tower collapsed in ten seconds, killing all civilians and emergency personnel inside, as well a number of individuals-both first responders and civilians-in the concourse, in the Marriott, and on neighboring streets.
' However, similar expressions in French, Spanish, and Judezmo, all mentioning numbers, give pause (they are listed in Jewish Language Review 7, 1987, p.
Figure 2bshows BG-1 parental and NEO clones exhibited up to a 37% decrease in cell number during a 3-day period of estrogen withdrawal, whereas antisense BRCA1 clones showed as much as a twofold increase in cell number during the same time period.
The LAT stresses the drop in juvenile crime--although its discussion seems to take a leap since the story mostly reports on declining numbers of juvenile arrests and hence doesn't address the possibility that increasing numbers of juveniles are committing crimes but just aren't getting caught.
Catalog number S08503-1).
They used to freely share numbers, but now they charge each other through the nose.
As the number of cable channels exploded, so too did the demand for programming.
The Gardens is one of only a small number of centers that has developed a breeding program for this vocal and gregarious bird in the hope of replenishing colonies in the wild.
Nevertheless, the beaches and restaurants still make an enjoyable day out, and a scenic old tram (number 18) provides excursions from the resort to the 17th-century Castelo do Queijo (Cheese Castle).
Here, the answer should have touched on the fact that in some cases a plural like fishes , as distinct from the plural fish , sreves to identify the existence of a number of varieties.
Given these findings we have given the distal chromosome 19 interval the name Striatal Neuron Number 19a ( Stnn19a ). Allelic differences in this interval account for up to 30% of the total variance in striatal neuron number.
We calculated the number of bands that overlap (or are contained in) each group and compared this with the number of bands that overlap (or are contained in) a randomly placed group matched for size.
). Also, the piece makes the point that still seven years after Desert Storm, there is no ideal bomb in the inventory that can reliably destroy bio-chemical weapons plants while keeping poisons from getting into the atmosphere, which means that true precision will be needed to avoid large numbers of civilian casualties.
A number of potential limitations warrant discussion.
The Army Research Laboratory (ARL) was established in October 1992 as a result of a realignment of a number of Army research and development organizations.
By analyzing the hydrophobicity plots, we can locate TM-helices in the aligned sequences in protein families, and assign a number of TM-helices to each family.
This value increases to the maximum score as the percentage and the amount of pure covariations (simultaneous changes at both positions) increase in parallel with a decrease in the number of single uncompensated changes, and the number of times these coordinated variations occur during the evolution of that RNA (for the rRNAs, the number of times this covariation occurs in the phylogenetic tree) increases.
A number of RING finger proteins have recently been shown to act as E3 ubiquitin ligases [ 24 ] . WD40 domains have also been frequently found in E3 complexes as substrate recruiting domains [ 25 26 27 28 ] . Despite compelling evidence from Arabidopsis implying that COP1 may mediate protein degradation [ 4 5 ] , no direct evidence of COP1 participating in ubiquitination has been reported.
While definitive conclusions are precluded by the fact that each time point or condition is represented by only a single probe pair, it is noteworthy that the highest number of regulated genes was observed early (4 h) after challenge.
The frame in the lower left indicates the number of entries shown in the window and the entry numbers currently shown, and, if necessary, contains buttons to scroll to the next or previous set of entries.
Array results are deposited at a public gene-expression database, Gene Expression Omnibus [ 52], and their accession numbers are GPL12 for the platform and GSM57-GSM80 for 24 samples.
For each position in the site, we identify all other correlated positions placing no restrictions on the number or spatial relationship of correlated positions in the site.
By checking the corresponding mouse genome location of this CSE, we discovered the corresponding mouse Z30 gene (accession number: AJ007734).
The number of genes referenced by a given donor under identical criteria ranged from 45 to 1448.
To assess the biases of amplification quantitatively, we calculated the number and percentage of genes with expression level change by 4- or 2-fold after amplification.
There are a number of ways to obtain microsatellite markers.
Number of authorized staff 5,204 3,275
Each successive oligonucleotide within a set contains an increasing number of mutations made in increments of 10%.
Furthermore, we introduce a local background model to cut down the number of false positives arising from local variations in sequence composition and degeneracy of motifs (for example motifs that contain a poly A string).
The WP says the numbers offer hope to Democrats of avoiding Clinton's impeachment in favor of some lesser punishment.
The WP and NYT run wire service stories reporting that according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the number of legal abortions in the U.S. (for 1997, the latest year for which data is available) is at its lowest point since 1978.
Nevertheless, the minimum number of recombination events in this family occurs only if the affected son and daughter inherit different FEOM1 haplotypes from their affected mother, thus strongly suggesting that the disease gene in this family does not map to the chromosome 12 locus.
But of late, lawmakers have indicated a change of attitude toward legal immigrants, and this has affected the number of applications for citizenship.
She took a name, address, credit-card number.
Still, for a number of years after the publication of The General Theory , many economic theorists were fascinated by the implications of that picture, which seemed to take us into a looking-glass world in which virtue was punished and self-indulgence rewarded.
Any cases observed beyond this background number were considered "new" or incident cases.
As long as the Union was fixed at a certain number of slave states and a certain number of free, both sides could calculate the future.
The amount ordered should be sufficient so that the number of units on hand plus those that are on order equal some “maximum” stocking quantity, S.13 For a particular item, our store buyer may reorder when the inventory level falls below s equals 4 units, in a quantity that brings the current inventory up to S equals 8 units.
Therefore, if two GO terms contain the same number of genes, the term with the greater number of genes meeting the criterion will receive a higher score.
The number of clones in the primary library was determined by titering one of the five packaging reactions.
The borrower would give the lender a small, closed vessel of baked clay, containing a number of stones equal to the number of borrowed sheep.
The adaptor protein Cas has a N-terminal SH3 domain, a large number of tyrosines that serve as potential kinase substrates within its substrate domain and a C-terminal Src binding domain (Fig.
For each of these, the number of inferred duplications is determined.
Even with managed care efforts to decrease expensive ED visits, the number of ED patients has increased, so primary care and EDs have to work together.
Post-hoc power analysis revealed that with the number of subjects available, the minimum detectable risk for the deletion-deletion polymorphism of the ACE gene being associated with a higher risk of thromboembolic complications was 2.7.
Number of replicate test chambers per treatment
The Natural History Museum has a number of dioramas depicting the geological formation of the Bermudian islands and reefs, starting some 100 million years ago.
The small group of five soon grew in number to almost 40, according to one of the founders, drawing on survivors of the death camps as well as refugees from the forests.
Because visual examination of the aligned sequences revealed a number of gaps suggesting insertion/deletion events within different taxa, gaps were treated as a fifth base for construction.
In general, most Pfam-A families tend to have a small number of TM-helices.
Southeast of Artis, across two canals and busy roads, is Oosterpark, an open green area with a lake and play areas (we would suggest taking a tram — numbers 9 and 14 — rather than walking here from the city center).
Match the numbers with the movie lore they enumerate.
Many pathogens cause both acute and chronic disease at relatively low copy number and may be difficult or impossible to propagate in culture.
The noun presents no real problem, for the term (number) pad already exists to describe the calculatorlike array.
GAO points of contact (name, telephone number, fax number, and e-mail address).
Especially appealing, for you and the department, is the fact that a number of alumni work for companies that will match their gifts--sometimes as much as three to one.
Using the foreign-born category from the Census data relies on the assumption that states with higher foreign-born populations would also have a greater number of legal immigrants whose eligibility for nonemergency Medicaid would be affected by PRWORA.
C-R functions are equations that relate the change in the number of individuals in a population exhibiting a "response" (in this case an adverse health effect such as respiratory disease) to a change in pollutant concentration experienced by that population.
While a number of transgenic animals died in the first nine months, the percentage of animals surviving was not significantly different between the transgenic and non-transgenic groups (Table 1).
The parameter deconvolution is a Maple table characterizing the type of deconvolution calculation: usedata determines whether the bolus response function, the input function, or both functions are found, fitfunc determines the deconvolution technique that is used, plotinput specifies the graphical output, Nexp is the number of exponentials in the bolus response function, breakpoint is either the type of procedure used to determine the breakpoints for the spline deconvolution, or the time interval for the uniform deconvolution and scale_smooth scales the smoothing parameter.
Satan's big number, a malicious piece of parody that's one of the funniest movie moments of the year, is a power ballad for a Broadway crowd--imagine an Andrew Lloyd Webber number written for Meat Loaf or, worse, Michael Bolton.
We saw that, despite vigorous efforts to increase diversity in state justice communities and particularly in leadership positions, the ethnic profiles of our executive directors remained virtually unchanged, and the number of women directors was significantly lower than their percentage in the attorney workforce.
It is generally accepted that the hydroxy acid form of statins are potent inhibitors of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, an enzyme that plays a critical role in cholesterol metabolism, where they block substrate accessibility to HMG-CoA reductase, effectively subverting cholesterol levels of HDL [ 19 20 21 ] . In addition to lowering cholesterol, statins seem to have a number of additional effects, such as the nitric oxide-mediated promotion of new blood vessel growth [ 22 ] , protection against oxidative modification of low-density lipoprotein, as well as anti-inflammatory effects and a reduction in C-reactive protein levels [ 23 ] . All statins limit cholesterol biosynthesis by inhibiting the committed step in the biosynthesis of isoprenoids and sterols [ 24 ] .
Because the patient population having late grade 3/4 toxicity (which is a small population but was chosen as the target population that is most likely to benefit from the incorporation of BED-DVH's into the process of treatment planning) was the focus of this initial investigation, the number of patients in the current study is understandably small.
Because it was not logistically possible to obtain inter-rater reliability due to the large number of preceptors, we used generalizability theory analysis [ 28 ] . This analysis accounts statistically for rater error by parsing out the variance relevant to the instrument in question.
Giant sites are too few in number and ill defined to be useable.
The subject of that memo was Bosnia, and while Ambassador Albright emerged as the administration's leading hawk on a number of fronts, arguing for intervention in Haiti and in Rwanda, she made the case for how the United States should take the lead--by threatening and, if necessary, using force--with special passion about the American role in the Balkans.
In addition, as I've pointed out here before, the auto industry is facing severe problems with excess capacity, so reducing the number of players in the global marketplace may decrease the chance of dramatic overbuilding.
For each possible replacement mutation, a minimum number of mutations will need to be observed for a selective event to be detected.
SECTION 12 (Continued) Number Page
9 ± 0.4 years for controls) and no suggestions of trends with numbers of births (Table 2).
These TEC defects result in thymocyte maturation defects that include a decrease in total thymocyte number and a 10-fold reduction in the number of DP thymocytes, but an apparently normal transition from the TN3 to the pre-DP stage.
Number of undergraduate institutions represented: 75
USAT , which for over a year has reported on the small number of minorities and women hired by the Supreme Court to be law clerks, runs as its off-lead the official answer it finally got yesterday.
Due to the limited number of subjects, we were unable to stratify the analysis by center.
Today, the Royal Naval Dockyard, on Ireland Island North, has been reborn with a number of sights and activities.
It is probable, however, that like tumorigenicity suppressor genes and oncogenes many more genes involved in metastasis remain to be discovered since the process is complex, involving a large number of pathways [ 4 ] . Most of the known genetic mechanisms involved in the progression of a tumor to the metastatic state involve the loss of function of genes that prevent cells from becoming invasive.
Well, a Times "Week in Review" piece points out that another factor is that under current arrangements, many numbers assigned to "saturated" area codes go unused.
The gaps in the nuclear membrane were clearly visible in electron micrographs of cells with large numbers of intranuclear aggregates (Fig.
Please include your address and daytime phone number (for confirmation only).
A NYT front-pager suggests that a byproduct of aggressive policing in New York City under Mayor Rudy Giuliani has been a rise in the number of what the paper calls "flawed arrests."
This is worth pointing out because most retired top-rank British politicians are in this position, and an amazing number of writers, even those for the Economist , make this mistake.
The VEGF-A family of polypeptides consists of a number of biochemically distinct isoforms (three isoforms in the mouse and up to five in humans) that are generated through alternative mRNA splicing of a single gene [ 4, 5].
Based on the constant number of museums that responded between 1993 and 1996, attendance rose from 37.
Being autonomous agents, cells must, as individuals living in communities, make the maximum number of reliable discriminations possible and act on them reliably, without “trembling hands.”
In the preamble to the rule, HUD states that it may not conduct or sponsor and a person is not required to respond to a collection of information until OMB has issued the control number.
(And ply--the number of layers of paper in the product--isn't everything, the Envision Preference Ultra is a 3-ply "premium" product, but it still feels like a scouring pad after touching a virgin fiber tissue.)
For both there were negative numbers needed to harm (-11 and -12 respectively), showing that for every 11 or 12 patients given rofecoxib, one fewer was nauseous or vomited than with placebo.
We could go on at length about whether workers should have received even more, or what adjustments one might make to that number to move it down (or up) a bit, but by any calculation I can make, the overwhelming picture is one of convergence between wages in the tigers and in the West through a process of leveling up, not leveling down.
The expanded set of available EST/cDNA data led to a significant increase in the number of annotated genes and transcripts with 5' UTRs (from 57% of the genes in Release 2 to 76% in Release 3) and 3' UTRs (from 36% of the genes in Release 2 to 72% in Release 3; Table 1).
It seems that over the last eight months, American and British pilots have fired on more than triple the number of targets attacked in last December's highly publicized Iraqi attack and have flown two-thirds as many missions as NATO pilots flew against Yugoslavia in 78 days.
There were also a number of limitations that may have hampered the study's generalizability.
Agencies reduced the number of approvals needed for various activities and delegated greater authority to front-line employees to make decisions.
Jurkat cells have been reported to have approximately equal numbers of TNFR1 and TNFR2 per cell [ 27 ] whereas Jiyoye cells express mainly TNFR2 (unpublished data).
On mine, nestled among some control keys on the right side is what is called a “number pad,” which resembles the key arrangement one sees on an adding machine or calculator; on the left side is a double bank of five keys marked F1 through F10 which, when pressed alone or in combination with another key, perform certain functions, some of which are useful, others of which are evidently thought useful by the manufacturer but which I never use.
We ran half a million iterations of the model, producing the histogram in Figure 1that approximates the probability density for the total number of cases that results from these input uncertainties.
Please include your address and daytime phone number (for confirmation only).
R is the number of EST clones derived from all non-tumor tissue pooled libraries within a window of 5 Mbp.
Brucellosis is a worldwide zoonotic disease caused by a number of host-adapted species of the gram-negative bacterial genus Brucella . In addition to the economic losses caused by reproductive failure in a number of important livestock animals, accidental transmission of the disease to humans can occur through animal husbandry, meat processing activities or ingestion of contaminated unpasteurized milk.
β-Lactam containing antibiotics constitute the largest class of antibiotics, and these compounds are relatively inexpensive to produce, cause minor side effects, and are effective towards a number of bacterial strains.
The ears from one mouse were pooled (passage number 1 inoculation) and used to inoculate the ear pinnae of one mouse (passage number 2).
Others who watched the numbers with a professional eye are dubious of this boast.
The number of changes observed from the comparison analysis of the amplified samples to the 10 μg samples is significantly higher than for the 2 μg samples, and there are many more decreases than increases (Table 5, 0.5 vs. 10 and 0.1 vs. 10).
So more complicated ideas have been proposed: retinal scans or numbers made from such personal information as date of birth and the latitude and longitude of one's hometown.
The four families do not behave similarly when considering the evolution of the number of exons, at least for the animal genes.
future claims on federal insurance programs by an increasing number of retired federal employees and military personnel; and
As seen in Figure 2, addition of 5A6 approximately doubled the number of cytokine-producing cells for each cytokine at these doses of SEB (0.
Starting January 1 of the first covered year, it shall be unlawful for the affected EGUs at a facility to emit a total amount of sulfur dioxide during the year in excess of the number of sulfur dioxide allowances held for such facility for that year by the owner or operator of the facility.
And the NYT explains that contrary to other holidays, where status in the organization is measured by the number/quality of party invites and the relative coolness of one's vacation plans, for tonight the most important people in the outfit are the ones who will be working.
A person joining Microsoft today right out of college will get a number of options giving him or her the right to buy shares of Microsoft at the lowest closing price the month after he or she joins.
The number of avulsion is comparable with the number of ligament tears in mode II, where individual variation is the dominant effect.
We have shown that mixing of patient samples effectively normalizes much of the intra- and inter-patient noise, while still identifying the majority of the most significant gene expression changes that would have been detected by larger numbers of individual patient profiles.
Their two primary objectives were to determine phylogenetic relationships for all organisms, including those that can only be observed with a microscope, using a single molecular chronometer, the ribosomal RNA (rRNA), and to predict the correct structure for an RNA molecule, given that the number of possible structure models can be larger than the number of elemental particles in the universe.
In that study, an increased number of cells with DNA damage correlated with a decreased β-cell mass [ 32 ] .
A structured plan is necessary to manage the frequently large number of papers.
For example, when the coefficient of variation increases from 0.5 to 1.0—which would happen if the number of products offered increased by a factor of four—the amount of finished goods required to provide the desired service level doubles.
Regular use of aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory dugs (NSAIDs) has been consistently associated with reduced risk of colorectal cancer and adenoma [ 1 2 3 4 ] , possibly due to NSAID-related inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis, enhancement of cellular immune response, or induction of apoptosis [ 5 6 7 8 ] . A number of epidemiological studies have investigated the potential protective effect of NSAIDs with respect to other cancer sites.
Affymetrix also provides a list of the numbers of probe pairs common for the two generations.
Likewise, for other methods of gene-expression profiling such as differential display and its variations [ 30 ] or SAGE [ 31 ] , most previously published work has either been focused on samples from large numbers of pooled individuals, or has considered individual mice that were not strain, age or sex matched.
For the 2000 and 2001 performance appraisal cycles, the Department of the Interior guidance limited BLM's total number of senior executive nominations for performance awards, including the Secretary's Executive Leadership Award, performance bonuses, or pay rate increases, to no more than 45 percent or 9 of its career senior executives as of the end of the appraisal cycles.
Disturbing are the gaps in information: Appendix I consists of several lists of films from 1939-1960, 1960-69, etc., totaling 73 in all and showing for each the “Total number of [twenty-seven] Bad Words” as checked by an unspecified number of “film reviewers [who] were volunteers from a college psychology course on the topic of human communication,” scarcely a representative cross-section of the population.
Letting n denote the number of subjects in each group, we define
While this unscientific survey is the Web's version of the just-for-fun 900-number telephone polls, there's concern among researchers that the public has trouble distinguishing one poll from another on the Web.
It takes the same number of musicians the same amount of time to perform The Barber of Seville today as it did in 1816.
In producing the number of uninvestigated cases, the study compared the number of cases identified by professionals with those known to local agencies.
Assignments were not made to KEGG regulatory pathways as proteins in these pathways lack EC numbers.
all-or-none) event that depends on surpassing a threshold of a finite number of IL-2-IL-2R interactions [ 13 17 18 ] . This threshold corresponds to surpassing the "restriction (R) point" in the mid to late G
The court may decline to review a case for any number of reasons.
Thus, the average number of non-apoptotic cells in 10 fields was determined and presented as raw values.
For those with seven or fewer TM-helices, the number of families does not vary significantly with helix number, although there are more families with two or four TM-helices than with three, five, six, or seven.
Because of the large numbers of students in this study, even differences of 2% were statistically significant, but we consider differences greater than 10% to be educationally significant and worthy of targeted improvement efforts.
Specifically, these primers are derived from the cDNA clones at the following nucleotide numbers: #511 - #528 and #1066 - #1083 (accession number of the cDNA clone is M22489) for BMP-2 [ 21 ] ; #923 - #942 and #1341 - #1360 (accession number D63860) for BMP-3 (Kangawa, unpublished); #878 - #897 and #1292 - #1311 (accession number D49494) for BMP-3b [ 3 ] ; #737 - #757 and #1181 - #1200 (accession number Z22607) for BMP-4 [ 22 ] ; #6 - #25 and #475 - #494 (accession number U66298) for BMP-6 (Knittel et al.
House number 7, where Beethoven stayed in 1800, is now the charming Museum of the History of Music.
While there was some statistical evidence of an increasing claim rate over time, the variation between years and small number of claims in any given year (with the highest number being 13 in 1998) casts doubt on whether this increase holds any predictive value.
Most online service providers operate Point-of-Presence (POP) locations that allow subscribers to log on to the Internet using a local phone number.
Adding more cell lines to the pool does not necessarily improve overall gene representation because rare transcripts become undetectable when diluted in a pool of a large number of cell lines.
(2) The absolute numbers of germ cells undergoing apoptosis in 21 and 30 days old ABP-TG mice were significantly higher than in WT controls, albeit the total number of germ cells present in the testes of 21 and 30 days of ABP-TG mice was similar to that in WT-controls [ 26 ] . (3) On day 60, even though the total number of germ cells present in the ABP-TG mice was significantly lower than in age-matched WT controls [ 26 ] , the number of germ cells undergoing apoptosis was nevertheless higher.
To determine the mean number of membrane compaction folds on the surface of EN fiber cells over a 20 μm distance, five to ten measurements per sample were compiled and averaged.
These VNTRs have been observed throughout the prokaryotic and eukaryotic kingdoms [ 14 15 ] . The addition or deletion of repeat units within a locus is believed to be caused by slipped-strand nucleotide mispairing, and/or unequal crossover events which increase the rate of mutation at these loci [ 16 ] . The variations in the number of repeats give rise to molecular alleles for a given locus and aid in the characterization of the individual.
The accession number given can be used as a seed for querying the database start the retrieval of necessary sequence.
Please include your address and daytime phone number (for confirmation only).
Through its Committee on Coordination and Collaboration with the Private Bar, the Symposium has sponsored a number of efforts to expand private bar involvement including better recruitment, training, and support for private attorneys willing to participate in the delivery of civil legal services to low income persons.
If lowering the price gets you more customers, why not lower it all the way to zero and get the greatest number?
Court officials statewide fear the number of self-represented litigants has reached crisis levels and threatens to clog court calendars.
This value increases to the maximum score as the percentage and the amount of pure covariations (simultaneous changes at both positions) increase in parallel with a decrease in the number of single uncompensated changes, and the number of times these coordinated variations occur during the evolution of that RNA (for the rRNAs, the number of times this covariation occurs in the phylogenetic tree) increases.
Though commonly used for forensic identification in humans, the technique has recently been used for subtyping a number of pathogenic bacteria [ 17 18 19 20 21 22 ] .
In addition, Far Rockaway (11694) and Moriches (11955) are significant spatial outliers with 88% and 84% of the New York SMR respectively, though the SMR confidence intervals are wide because the number of observed cases is small in each location.
What fraction of that number chose to fly instead of drive because of the cheap fare, and how many of those would have died in traffic accidents if they'd driven?
Although the report focuses attention on the huge gap between the top fifth of income-earning families and the bottom fifth, a gap worthy of Brazil, the more striking numbers delineate the widening gap between the top fifth of income earners (and, within that group, the top 5 percent in particular) and everyone else.
, stock numbers, detailed descriptions, grades or quality, and types or models); quantities ordered, received, and billed; the quality (type, grade, or condition) of the items received; and prices per unit.
To commemorate Robinson's shattering of the color barrier in sports 50 years ago, no player will ever again be assigned the number 42.
For discrete data involving a relatively small number of possible values and a large number of data points, the mode is easily calculated as the most frequent value.
A systematic random sampling strategy was then used to select a proportionate number of grid cells from each stratum.
This results in an overall reduction in the initiation of protein synthesis during this time frame and a concomitant reduction in the number of ribosomes associated with most mRNAs (the secondary polysome shift).
This decrease in the number of afferents ventrally may be related to the fact that all of the receptors studied were recorded from the rostral three dorsal rootlets supplying the 7th intercostal space.
Myth Number One: Contrary to what you may have heard or read, although the PRC was not among the 1968 recommendations of the Kappel Commission---appointed by the President to study the future of the Post Office Department---neither did it spring forth like a phoenix from the ashes in some secret conference between House and Senate legislators.
There are a number of examples of the use of GT to account statistically for rater error [ 32 38 39 40 ] . Using GT can also overcome some problems inherent in inter-rater reliability, such as overestimating reliability [ 41 ] . Due to the large number of preceptors involved in our OSCE, we made the statistically reasonable assumption that any error due to rater differences is randomly distributed.
Please include your address and daytime phone number (for confirmation only).
The majority of boundaries in OPR are found in Western Long Island, in urban areas, suggesting that a greater number of point source emissions are causing greater spatial variation in OPR in more urban areas.
• It is important to record and report the reasons for withdrawal and the number of subjects in each category of withdrawal according to their treatment group.
HsCOP1 gene contains 20 exons and the transcribed region is about 263 kb in length (GenBank accession number TPA: BK000438, Fig 1B).
In the Arabidopsis genome, the number of introns ranges from 0 to 77 with an average of about five [ 41].
There are a number of isoenzymes of alcohol dehyrogrenase (ADH) in the human liver and this model Km of 0.04 mM is consistent with the in vitro Km of 0.048 mM observed for one of these isoenzyme [ 20 ] . It is assumed that ethanol distributes in the total body water, which is the default in PKQuest.
PAC-3 is designed to enhance the Patriot radar's ability to detect and identify targets, increase system computer capabilities, improve communications, increase the number of missiles in each launcher, and incorporate a new "hit-to-kill" missile.
Through fluorescence in situ hybridization analysis, Rouquier [ 15] showed that OR sequences reside at more than 25 locations in the human genome and that the human genome has accumulated a striking number of dysfunctional copies: 72% of these sequences were found to be pseudogenes.
To reflect concerns about the inherent limitations in the number of studies supporting a causal association between long-term exposure and mortality, an Alternative benefit estimate was derived from the large number of time-series studies that have established a likely causal relationship between short-term measures of PM and daily mortality statistics.
In fact, our findings partly invalidate a statement that we made in a previous study [ 2] that the injection of contrast material does not influence the distribution of CT numbers in ALI; this statement is true in healthy volunteers but it does not apply to patients with ALI.
Since there is a finite number of states, eventually the trajectory must hit a state previously encountered on the trajectory.
These results confirm that the number of functional M6P/IGF2R in ribozyme-treated cells was reduced.
More substantively, the Internet sector--and arguably tech stocks in general--has been hurt by the sheer number of new companies going public.
Since differences in brain weight have been shown to be proportional to total brain DNA content and thus total CNS cell number [ 31 32 ] , and since brain weight has been suggested to be a good surrogate measure for total cell number in mice (as in humans [ 28 ] ), we hypothesize that total cell number - particularly in cortex - may be decreased in microgyric subjects.
The preamble also contains the need and uses for the collection, the estimated number of respondents, and an estimate of the annual burden hours and costs.
Venice was home to a number of scuole that were not “schools” at all but old confraternities similar, minus their religious affiliation, to today’s Freemasons, Rotarians, Elks, or Lions.
The gradual increase in the number of dendrites per cell throughout a 17-day treatment with BMP-5 parallels that observed in sister cultures exposed to BMP-7 during the same period (Figure 3B).
Since only one study had performed echocardiography on a substantial number of subjects prior to initiation of the diet drugs [ 11 ] , some means of estimating and correcting for the baseline prevalence in the other studies was necessary.
Fibulin-1 is a calcium-binding extracellular matrix glycoprotein that is associated with various connective tissues, basement membranes and blood [ 37 38 39 ] . Splicing of the C terminal domain of fibulin-1 can lead to the expression of different variants of fibulin-1 (A-D) [ 37 ] . The amino acid sequence of the human fibulin-1C protein encodes five domains: a signal sequence (35 amino acid residues), three anaphylatoxin type I repeats (108 residues), an adjoining sequence (33 amino acid residues), nine calcium-binding type II EGF-like modules (387 amino acid residues), and a carboxyl domain (116 amino acid residues) [ 37 ] . The amino acid sequence derived from the nucleotide sequence obtained for monkey fibulin-1C (GenBank accession number AF395659) shows it to share 97.
The number of synonymous nucleotide substitutions per synonymous site (K s ), and the number of nonsynonymous nucleotide substitutions per nonsynonymous site (K n ) were estimatedusing the Pamilo-Bianchi-Li method [ 80, 81].
Were an equal number of volunteers asked to not write for 20 minutes for three consecutive days?
An article says that Mongolia is clogged with a "glut of raw cashmere": Fresh-off-the-goat cashmere fetches a rock-bottom price worldwide, as supply has skyrocketed (thanks to capitalism, the number of goats in Mongolia has doubled since 1992).
Osr18, Osr19, Osr20, Osr22, Osr23, Osr24, Osr45/Tos7 , and Osr46/Tos8 form a clade of low copy number families composed primarily of fragmentary copies.
The analyses comply with the informational requirements of the sections including the number and sizes of the small entities affected and the alternatives considered to reduce the burden on small entities.
Patients with acute respiratory failure are at risk for a number of nosocomial events.
There are a sufficient number of binding sites in the literature (see additional File 1and 2) for us to construct frequency weight matrices for the maternal transription factors Bicoid (Bcd), Caudal (Cad) and Dorsal (Dl), as well as the zygotic gap gene factors Hunchback (Hb), Kruppel (Kr), Knirps (Kni), and Tailless (Tll), and the torso response element (torRE).
To determine the source of variability of our measurements, we examined the correlation of measurements from uninfected cells plated at the same relative density and passage number where mRNA was isolated on different days and hybridized at different times, or harvested and hybridized at the same time.
If you compare the murders linked to hate crimes with the murders linked to street crimes, the most obvious thing you notice is how the number of street killings dwarfs that of hate killings.
There's the steady increase in the number of Internet users, who nonetheless account for barely 15 percent of the adult population.
"I was instrumental in having him rewrite a number of passages, because I said to the people at Greenwood [Publishing Group] that these would destroy his book--they were so beyond the pale in terms of factuality.
The federal government has been very reluctant to grant the necessary waivers to allow the Oregon experiment to operate that way, so in reality, the number of diseases covered has not changed very much.
Surprisingly, the Arabidopsis genome contains the largest number of kinesins among all eukaryote genomes that have been sequenced.
But through it all, and even with the continued erosion of viewership, one thing has remained unchanged: Broadcast television offers unparalleled access to huge numbers of American viewers.
We first examined the number of flowing neutrophils that attached to EC monolayers in both the classic and GlycoTech single pass flow chambers over a range of shear stress.
There are over 300 distinct β-lactamases known, and these enzymes have been grouped by a number of classification schemes [ 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 ] . For example, Bush has developed a scheme, based on the enzymes' molecular properties, that has four distinct β-lactamase groups [ 10 15 ] . One of the more alarming groups are the Bush group 3 enzymes, which are Zn(II) dependent enzymes that hydrolyze nearly all known β-lactam containing antibiotics and for which there are no or very few known clinical inhibitors [ 9 14 16 17 18 19 ] . The metallo-β-lactamases have been further divided by Bush into subgroups based on amino acid sequence identity: the Ba enzymes share a >23% sequence identity, require 2 Zn(II) ions for full activity, prefer penicillins and cephalosporins as substrates, and are represented by metallo-β-lactamase CcrA from Bacteroides fragilis, the Bb enzymes share a 11% sequence identity with the Ba enzymes, require only 1 Zn(II) ion for full activity, prefer carbapenems as substrates, and are represented by the metallo-β-lactamase imiS from Aeromonas sobria, and the Bc enzymes have only 9 conserved residues with the other metallo-β-lactamases, require 2 Zn(II) ions for activity, contain a different metal binding motif than the other metallo-β-lactamases, prefer penicillins as substrates, and are represented by the metallo-β-lactamase L1 from Stenotrophomonas maltophilia [ 9 ] . A similar grouping scheme (B1, B2, and B3) based on structural properties of the metallo-β-lactamases has recently been offered [ 41 ] . The diversity of the group 3 β-lactamases is best exemplified by the enzymes' vastly differing efficacies towards non-clinical inhibitors; these differences predict that one inhibitor may not inhibit all metallo-β-lactamases [ 18 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 ] . To combat this problem, we are characterizing a metallo-β-lactamase from each of the subgroups in an effort to identify a common structural or mechanistic aspect of the enzymes that can be targeted for the generation of an inhibitor.
The head of the United Negro College Fund is quoted by the Times saying the gift would increase by 15 to 40 percent the number of minorities who receive doctorates in the targeted fields.
All writers must include their address and daytime phone number (for confirmation only).
In recent years there have been unprecedented numbers of immigrants from the Balkans, Eastern Europe, and Africa.
But precision and accuracy are elusive virtues, and any number of pitfalls lie in the trail.
Figure 1presents the number of behaviors exhibited in each of the different behavioral domains assessed by the NPI-Q.
Lastly, while I wasn't able to find any reliable numbers on jazz performance, the Recording Industry Association of America keeps track of jazz CD sales relative to other kinds of music.
It is becoming increasingly clear that some protein phenotypes can only be accessed by simultaneously generating a large number of mutations [ 12 13 14 15 ] . However, conventional directed evolution and screening techniques typically examine proteins that contain only one or two amino acid substitutions.
The present studies demonstrate that acute endotoxemia causes increases in the number of adherent neutrophils in the lung vasculature.
To quantitate the amount of spreading, each image was analyzed with the NIH Image 1.61 application to determine the total amount of area covered by cells and this number was divided by the total number of cells in the image to give an average area per cell (in pixels 2/cell).
Because the highest number of alleles was found using primer pair PM50, 24 more genotypes including one genotype from a wild species ( A. monticola ) were used to search more alleles at this particular locus.
On-site reviews take a number of forms.
It is feasible that a small number of full-length hORs escaped detection because of frameshifts or other sequencing or assembly errors in the corresponding HTGS entries.
In such cases, the adjusted Rand index might improve with a larger number of clusters.
Remaining home characteristics, including floor area, heating types, and number of stories by region, were gathered from RECS [ 12 ] . Additional specifications of house or heating and cooling system characteristics are available from the authors upon request.
During the first 5 days, both groups continued to proliferate in the absence of estrogen, but the BRCA1 antisense group continued to grow for the next 10 days, whereas control cells decreased in number (Fig.
In most experiments an appropriate number of 10 cm plates were seeded with 10 5cells and after 24 hours (day 0) T-RA was added and protein or RNA extracts were made from one plate of cells on each of the indicated days.
42, 43 However, where shortages have been experienced in manning SCR construction projects with adequate numbers of boilermakers, manpower planning had been done with short notice.
As the "Chicano" label fell out of vogue, many of its supporters joined forces with the "Latino" camp, accusing the "Hispanic" partisans of grouping Mexican-Americans under their rubric to inflate their numbers.
In general, the more efficiently a plasmid replicates, the greater the number of transformed colonies and the faster those colonies grow under conditions that select for plasmid maintenance [ 7, 10, 11, 12].
A number of companies are already operating on islands around the Aegean.
The ability to limit the number of times that someone can resort to a computer program, for example, means that technology allows for a form of price discrimination that eliminates some of the unwelcome cross-subsidies associated with the sale of certain programs, just as an accurate billing system means that pricing for phones is not subject to flat fees only.
The server time required for execution of this module correlates linearly with the size of the gene list and takes less than 45 seconds for lists of up to 1,000 genes (Figure 2, numbers in parentheses represent r 2values).
For each trial, mean TOTPAR, SPID, VASTOTPAR or VASSPID values for each treatment group were converted to %maxTOTPAR by division into the calculated maximum value [ 15 ] . The proportion of patients in each treatment group who achieved at least 50%maxTOTPAR was calculated using valid equations [ 16 17 18 ] . The number of patients randomized was taken as the basis for calculations, to produce an intention to treat analysis.
With a number of championship courses and some two dozen 18-hole courses scattered across the countryside, it’s quite possible to spend a week or two playing a different course every day.
We found that the small fraction of yeast proteins that have the greatest number of interaction partners do, on average, evolve slower than the bulk of the proteins, which are involved in a moderate or small number of interactions.
Increases in nucleotide position number from one putative exon to the next were used to deduce the size of introns.
The second category represents 2,450 clones that are known to be compromised in one of a number of ways.
But Steve Roberts ( Late Edition ) says that Bush's New Hampshire numbers will improve once he spends some time there, and Matthew Rees ( NewsHour ) thinks that McCain's New Hampshire numbers have peaked.
One can easily understand the desire of the committees responsible for such things to number streets, then designate house numbers in such a way that strangers can readily get the idea that 65-42 83rd Street is on 83rd Street near 65th Avenue, and I can find nothing to quarrel with in that practice.
The presence of the inhibitory antibody reduced the number of colonies growing in soft agar but the control antibody had no effect (Table 1).
We've recently reformatted the print-out edition to make it more attractive and reduce the number of pages (just 27 for the whole Thursday, Aug. 1, issue).
The total time includes the number of days it takes a supplier to order and receive fabric, make the marker, cut the fabric, sew the pieces, press and package the product, ship it to a distribution center, and, finally, process it at the center.
Cell transformants were pooled and an aliquot was plated to determine the total number of transformants.
But a disproportionate number of domestic apparel workers are still immigrants.
Winning numbers are illuminated at each table to attract passers-by into thinking “It’s hitting my number! ”
There are currently a number of anticytokine and other immune-modulating therapies in clinical trials [ 8].
This transition is being driven by a number of key trends including: global interdependence; diverse, diffuse, and asymmetrical security threats; rapidly evolving science and technology; dramatic shifts in the age and composition of the population; important quality of life issues; the changing nature of our economy; and evolving government structures and concepts.
In your e-mail, please include your name, media organization, address, and phone number.
Curious that anyone could hit a ball 538 feet in an indoor park near sea level, I called the Mariners to see how they devised such a spectacular number.
This simply means that the costs of producing an application always go down as the number sold goes up.
Almost all studies failed to report response rates, that is, the number of patients screened compared to the number who entered the study (n = 57, 96.
Insulin and IGF-I bind and stimulate tyrosine kinase receptors which interact with a large number of effectors [ 6 7 ] . Complex interactions occur between these two types of signaling pathways that are the subject of intense investigation.
About 46 km (28 miles) northeast of Évora, marble supplants more mundane building materials for churches and palaces, thanks to the great number of quarries found at Estremoz, Borba, and Vila Viçosa.
It is possible that Tag expression could be regulated by factors in serum, and that these factors could be progressively depleted at increasing cell numbers.
Berlin has a huge number of museums, but luckily most of them are arranged in convenient groups.
Congress, with the support of the Clinton administration, doubled the number of Border Patrol agents required along the border with Mexico to one agent every quarter mile by 1999.
It seems unnecessary, when we have available terms like informal, colloquial, formal, nonstandard, literary, poetic , and even conversational (though I have never seen the last used), to come up with still another set of labels, but Jules Hook, the author of a number of responsible and useful works dealing with English, feels that FF and SWE (for `family and friends' and `standard written English,' respectively) tell the user something that he might not already know or feel about usages of borderline words.
It should be noted that polony amplification of genomic DNA from strains with equal p53 and K- ras 2 copy numbers, such as CAPAN-1, yielded equivalent numbers of p53 and K- RAS 2 polonies (data not shown).
At a 1.5 percent growth rate that number is reduced by between 60,000 to 66,000 MWe to about 330,000 MWe of new generating capacity.
Full gene names and GenBank accession numbers for Figure 3
In subsequent experiments, progesterone concentrations at various time-points post-treatment were normalized to either cell number or protein concentration.
Thus it is feasible to assess sufficient numbers of mice for quantitative trait locus (QTL) analysis methods and to use these methods to identify chromosomal regions contributing to strain differences in IOP.
Recently, the Health Effects Institute (HEI) reported findings by investigators at Johns Hopkins University and others that have raised concerns about aspects of the statistical methods used in a number of recent time-series studies of short-term exposures to air pollution and health effects (Greenbaum, 2002a).
Figure 1bshows the number and percentage of proteins having a specific number of EF-hands.
The Commission determined that one part of the fee schedule--specifically, the annual fee for materials licensees--will have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities.
As the number of identified receptors grew, additional diverse sequences were added to the query list to capture additional ORs in databases.
In addition to elevated levels of ngn1 expression, dlA dx2 mutant embryos have excess Rohon-Beard spinal sensory neurons and reduced numbers of trunk neural crest precursors [ 37, 38].
Our results, in conjunction with the literature, bring the total number of predicted and validated examples of overlapping but oppositely oriented transcripts to over 300.
The large superfamily of EF-hand proteins has been divided into 66 subfamilies on the basis of differences in number and organization of EF-hand pairs, amino-acid sequences within or outside the motifs, affinity for Ca 2+and/or selectivity and affinity for target proteins [ 11].
The number of days with unfavorable periods was an even better predictor (r 2= 0.72).
A number of proteins have been identified that bind to the substrate domain of Cas, however the large number of tyrosines and potential binding sites for downstream effectors suggest that there may be more.
You only have to imagine a state policy applying the high-school quota system to, say, basketball scholarships--and explicitly being praised by state officials as a way to increase the number of white basketball players--to realize how empty the claims are that this arrangement avoids the alleged evil of racial preference.
Although suppliers such as Clontech, IGI and the IMAGE consortium [ 12] provide public access to a vast number of full-length and partial clones from a number of species, not all genes are represented by a publicly accessible clone of the gene or gene fragment.
Based on these results, we propose a model for the relaxation of supercoiled DNA by E. coli topoisomerase I (Figure 7) modified from previous versions that have a number of common features but differ most significantly in the role of the Zn(II) binding domain [ 2 4 21 29 30 ] . In this model, the subdomains in Top67 is responsible for interacting with the G-strand of DNA both upstream and downstream of the cleavage site.
Whereas the immunized control mice, injected with Ad-eGFP, showed disease onset on day 3 after lipopolysaccharide injection, Ad-mIL-4-treated mice showed a delay in disease onset and as a reduction in the total number of arthritic paws.
There are lots of momentum traders and day traders and technical traders, but there always have been, and in any case the increased volume on the stock market and the greater number of traders has almost certainly made stock prices more efficient and more accurate indicators of underlying value than they once were.
The number of conserved gene pairs present in individual prokaryotic genomes varied from 208 for M. genitalium to 2314 for P. aeruginosa (Table 1).
If the numbers of data points for each toxicant concentration are not equal, the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with Bonferroni's adjustment should be used (see Appendix F).
And what's perplexing about this, particularly in light of the Microsoft case, is that mergers often have an immediate anti-competitive impact, in the simplest sense that they reduce the number of players in a market.
None of the groups that provides reliable statistics about abortion tallies up the total numbers of IDEs.
Differences in the numbers of recurrences and deaths can be accounted for by the fact that some deaths were not related to tumours.
Moreover, it is theoretically possible to regulate levels of IL-1Ra gene expression in a manner commensurate with disease activity [ 8 ] . IL-1Ra gene therapy has been evaluated in a number of different animal models of RA and OA, with extremely promising results [ 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 ] . Indeed, a phase I human study of IL-1Ra gene therapy in RA [ 19 ] was recently successfully completed.
A large number of protein tyrosine phosphatases have been identified, which fall into the broad categories of cytoplasmic and receptor-like molecules.
number of passages, clonal selections, and culture conditions) of these strains between the time they were initially isolated from the host, disseminated to other laboratories, and prepared for these respective studies.
The number of clones sequenced in each round depended on the percentage of new full-length clones that could be obtained from each of the size-fractionated libraries.
Finally, we assume that like most retailers, our retailer replenishes each week exactly the number of units that sold the previous week.
Even for transcript structures based upon EST data, the number of atypical splice junctions is probably an underestimate.
Another one of his sommelier numbers, in which he removes a candidate's cork and sniffs it in full view of the electorate.
Divide this number by 7: 2450 ÷ 7 = 350 with 0 remainder.
This is an ideal jumping off point for a number of attractions of worldwide fame — the pleasures of Orlando and Walt Disney World and other theme parks are only 50 minutes away.
At least one third of the 48 human members of the nuclear hormone receptor superfamily function as heterodimers with the Retinoid X Receptors, (RXRs, NR2B1-3) [ 1 ] . Some, but not all of these heterodimers can be directly activated by RXR agonists, called rexinoids, which include the endogenous ligand 9-cis-retinoic acid (9-cis-RA) and a number of synthetic compounds.
Due to the small number of cases and the possibility for collinearity in the predictor set, subset regressions were also run first with only age and year entered, then only gender and year entered, then only the set of occupational dummies and year entered.
Intron-specific data stored in the system are the exon, intron number (index for multiple introns from a single exon), intron position (for rRNA introns only: the E. coli (GenBank Accession Number J01695) equivalent position number immediately before the intron), and open reading frame presence.
She asked for a contact number for me, in case something happened in the building--like a water leak--so I feel that she has good intentions.
It is against this background we undertook this study, to provide basic data on the taste of a number of bitter and sweet compounds with potential use as representatives of sweet and bitter ligands for genetic and molecular biology studies.
The Cases Funded Exclusively with LSC Resources Model: The second methodology LSC is developing is a model to estimate the number of cases funded exclusively with LSC funds.
Please include your address and daytime phone number (for confirmation only).
Results from this study may be impacted by a number of factors, foremost of which may be small sample size.
As is well known, he appointed and relied upon a number of Jews--Kissinger, Burns, Safire, Garment, and me.
Reciprocally, 45% of the peptides are different from Release 2, emphasizing that, although the overall picture of the number and distribution of transcription units in the D. melanogaster genome remains largely the same, the new annotations include many changes to the protein products encoded by the genome.
Please include your address and daytime phone number (for confirmation only).
The number of "serious" cases had quadrupled, and the percentage of cases being investigated by the authorities had actually declined by 36 percent, trends that she called "shameful and startling."
The number of potential Zn(II) binding cysteine motifs range from none in S. cerevisiae DNA topoisomerase III to four highly conserved tetracysteine motifs in the beta family of the topoisomerase III enzymes [ 38 ] . The Zn(II) domain formed by these tetracysteine motifs may be required for interaction with single-strand DNA in removal of hypernegative supercoils [ 39 ] or disruption of early recombination intermediates between inappropriately paired DNA molecules [ 40 ] .
The AS-4 clone formed a greater number of and larger tumors than NEO in the absence of estrogen, and in general formed tumors faster in the presence of estrogen.
A number of contract stations also exist for retail services.
But in an editorial, the Sun said he should not be fired because "he performed well over the bombing of Iraq and has built up a solid relationship with his American opposite number Madeleine Albright."
If we take the number of 'present' calls provided by the Affymetrix software as a first approximation of a complexity measure, we find no evidence that the cerebellum expresses more genes than other regions assayed by Sandberg et al.
The story (reported and broadcast by CNN, with a version published in Time ) contained two hot allegations: that the United States used fatal nerve gas (sarin) on a village in Laos during the Vietnam War and that the purpose was to kill a large number of American defectors.
We should expect an evolved number sense to discern mathematical truths fairly well; we should not be so optimistic about the accuracy of an evolved moral sense.
As seen in Figure 5, the number of IL-4-producing CD4 T cells increased much more significantly over time in cultures incubated with anti-CD81 mAb than in those without.
While Wading River is a significant outlier under the local Moran test, its SMR has a wide confidence interval due to the small number of observed cases there.
We found the number of people who knew—or know—about VERBATIM to be astonishing: in Europe, among ordinary people interested in language, among linguists, among scholars in general, most knew of it; alas, they didn't subscribe.
I do know, however, that my numbers have a source that has nothing to do with my admittedly arthritic arithmetic skills.
This study brings the number of M. tuberculosis genetic loci that have been implicated in enhancing the intracellular survival of M. smegmatis cells to 13.
Apart from the caveats mentioned above, the level of expression of AQPs, that is, the number of active AQPs in the oocyte plasma membrane, is often not known and some AQP might even not be targeted to this membrane in oocytes.
As expected, the number of transformants was roughly one order of magnitude higher than that obtained with counter-selection (Table 4).
Even today it attracts large numbers of visitors, most of them from China.
The Dalenius method [ 1 ] is calculated by selecting the interval with the maximum number of data points and using the mean of that interval as the mode.
The open time probability (Po) of the single channel was calculated according to the equation Po = 1 - Pc1/N where pc is the total closed time probability and N is the total number of channels.
That is 0.5 kids more than the upper-middle-class average and the same number as the lowest census income category.
This is in effect, an example of stealth heath care reform, as reducing the number of specialists was one of the Clinton health plan goals.
This doesn't just mean, notes the Post , better numbers for Rush and the G-man, but also things like Monica look-alike contests and two stations offering million dollar prizes to any woman who can prove she slept with the president.
To generate specific probes for Northern blot hybridization experiments, primers based on the rat accession number provided by Affymetrix were designed, primer pairs were chosen using the Primer3 software http://www-genome.wi.mit.edu/from the 1000 most 3' nucleotides within each accession sequence.
It is purely a personal promise made to fulfill or complete a journey, a devotional act, or to recite a certain number of prayers.
The total number of probe sets on each array was 6,617 (A array), 5,768 (B), and 6,646 (C).
