The preeminent islands of this era were Delos, a sacred island and center of religion ruled by Athens; Samos, ruled by the tyrant Polycrates; and Naxos, whose ruler Lygdamis undertook some major building projects.
The preeminent islands of this era were Delos, a sacred island and center of religion ruled by Athens; Samos, ruled by the tyrant Polycrates; and Naxos, whose ruler Lygdamis undertook some major building projects.
The Romans ruled a pagan empire, but the Aegean had an important influence on the early development of Christianity.
But with his death the empire collapsed, and the Israelite kingdom was divided into two separate, impoverished, often warring nations: Israel, with its capital at Shechem in the north, ruled by a series of northern dynasties; and the smaller kingdom of Judah, with its capital at Jerusalem, from which the Davidic dynasty continued to rule.
But with his death the empire collapsed, and the Israelite kingdom was divided into two separate, impoverished, often warring nations: Israel, with its capital at Shechem in the north, ruled by a series of northern dynasties; and the smaller kingdom of Judah, with its capital at Jerusalem, from which the Davidic dynasty continued to rule.
The Hasmonean dynasty, descendants of the Maccabee family, ruled an independent Jewish Commonwealth that stretched from the Negev to the Galilee.
The Hasmoneans ruled until Pompey’s Roman legions arrived in 63 b.c.
With the backing of Congress, PM Gowda ruled until May 1997, when Congress unseated him and appointed Inder Kurnal Gujral in his place.
Unfortunately, the Supreme Court had never ruled that the First Amendment could be used in this way.
The preeminent islands of this era were Delos, a sacred island and center of religion ruled by Athens; Samos, ruled by the tyrant Polycrates; and Naxos, whose ruler Lygdamis undertook some major building projects.
A Florida court has ruled that the claims for the 3/4 guarantee do not ripen until after the end of the work period.
The corollary: Protecting kids from "tobacco marketing and sales" (by supporting the Food and Drug Administration rules the spot is promoting) will protect them from the noxious weed itself.
The officials dutifully ruled out the idea, all the while sketching concessions by which Milosevic could persuade them to halt the bombing.
On the other hand, apoptosis was ruled out as a mechanism to explain the differential down-regulation of CD4 and CD8 by PMA and cAMP, on the grounds of two independent observations: (a) After a maximum of 4.0 hr incubation with either PMA or cAMP+ IBMX the cell viability was the same as the untreated controls (usually between 90-95%); (b) Treatment with dexamethasone, which is a known pro-apoptotic molecule did not have any effects on the expression of either CD4 or CD8 (data not shown) and; (c) As demonstrated earlier in the murine system, TCR engagement of CD4 +CD8 +induces positive selection but not apoptosis [ 12 ]
This basis for selection should be ruled out for this job, however, because there is no meaningful cluster from the group, except that the states are all among the larger states.
The law specified that if the referendum were ruled unconstitutional, poker would be banned in July 2000.
Hawaii, as America’s western outpost and major Pacific military base, was ruled by martial law.
The Guggenheim has essentially ruled out conventional forms such as painting, drawing, print-making, or sculpture, preferring art that is "process-oriented" to art that is static.
It cannot be ruled out that other strains of C. psittaci might lack the cycle, whereas some strains of C. trachomatis or C. pneumoniae not yet sequenced might possess it.
3 ) 2 SO-water mixtures cannot be ruled out on a priori grounds.
The Licchavi dynasty, of high-caste Hindu origin, ruled in the Kathmandu Valley from about a.d. 330 to 700.
The WP inside serves up two dispatches from the bureaucracy front: 1) The government has ruled that the 1988 CIA budget--that's right the 19 88 budget, a budget spent almost entirely on combating a country that no longer exists--should remain secret; 2) The chairman of Exxon Mobil says that for the recent merger that created his company, government regulators required the production of more than 31.
Despite President Clinton's widely reported refusal to rule out the use of ground troops, the Times continued to portray him as a wimp.
Constantine the Great (who was a convert to Christianity) and Licinius ruled east and west respectively, until in 324 Constantine overthrew his pagan ally and reunited the empire.
A judge in Hawaii ruled this week that the state's constitutional prohibition against sex discrimination requires it to give legal sanction to same-sex marriages.
Our approach seems to rule out artifactual or genomic contamination as the predominant explanation for transcriptional units with unknown function or protein homology.
Dole later changed his position and demanded that Clinton explicitly promise to rule out pardons if re-elected.
They defeated the Carthaginians in 206 b.c. and ruled Spain for the next 600 years, a period in which Roman law, language, and culture took firm root across the peninsula.
From this side of the Atlantic, the U.K. has long appeared to be ruled by an essentially unicameral parliament.
The judge ruled that, in all but two cases, the Christian Coalition's distribution of voting guides did not constitute specific endorsement of candidates--which would have amounted to an illegal campaign contribution.
To rule out the possibility that overexpression or N-terminal fusion to GFP affects their localization, Pop1p and Pop2p were modified with 13 C-terminal Myc epitope-tags at the endogenous genomic locus.
In a.d. 286 Diocletian sought to reverse the decline by splitting the administration of the empire in two — he would govern the east, based in Nicodemia, while his friend Maximian ruled the west from Milan — and later to split it further into four parts.
But such variety does not rule out class condescension.
Reasons for the defeat: 1) Voters were sick of the country's lousy economy; 2) they were sick of the ruling party's tradition of rigging elections; and 3) this time, the ruling party neglected to rig the election.
But, notes the paper, there is a new wrinkle too: the State Department has ruled out any last-ditch negotiations.
All cases and controls were remunerated for their participation: $25 for a completed interview and an additional $10 for controls who provided a stool specimen used to rule out asymptomatic cryptosporidiosis.
The Amir twice suspended constitutional provisions, from 1976 to 1981 and from 1986 to 1992, and ruled extraconstitutionally during these periods.
Though defendants traditionally win such cases, the LAT predicts a victory for Philip Morris because the presiding judge has ruled in favor of the tobacco industry before.
The most Soviet of the former Soviet republics, it is ruled by Alexander Lukashenko , a dictator who recently consolidated his personal control over the country's media and secret police.
It's bad enough that we may have depleted our inventory of potential presidents by ruling out anyone who lies about sex.
These observations ruled out that the identity of the last amino acid was the main determinant of readthrough level.
The court said that this was not ruled out by current Wisconsin law or the First Amendment because it had neither the purpose nor the effect of advancing religion.
The standard for making this judgment requires the diligence of the investigator in formulating alternative explanations of what is happening, in specifying the kind of evidence that would be supportive or nonsupportive, in searching intensively for evidence that would rule out initial hypotheses, and in thoroughly considering the reasons for inconsistent patterns of evidence in the second tier.
The Western Empire, ruled from Rome, fell to the Ostrogoths in 476, while its neighbour, the Eastern, or By­zantine Empire, became one of the longest-lived empires the world has ever known, dating from 395 to 1453.
He became a catcher because he grew up in Bowling Green, Ohio, in the era when Johnny Bench ruled the Reds down in Cincinnati.
Control experiments aimed to demonstrate the specificity of the staining with the MIF antibody and to rule out cross-reactivity of secondary antisera included: 1) preabsorption controls: incubation of the MIF antibody with the peptide used to produce the antibody; 2) omission of the primary antibody; 3) omission of either one of the primary antisera used for double-immunofluorescence.
The only outcome he ruled out was a world war.
A viceroy ruled each island at the King’s pleasure.
The WP reports that all five Law Lords ruled that a former head of state, unlike a sitting one, has but limited immunity: he or she can be forced into court to answer for actions that are not part of the legitimate function of government.
Not content to rule out policies (however worthy) that impose a cost on most taxpayers, Clinton and Blair often go further, saying that their main fiscal goal is to improve the position of the middle class.
No significant differences were noted suggesting that randomization created comparable groups Also, in looking at the comparison of Groups 1 and 3 at baseline, we are able to rule out historical effects, that is, the presence of any systematic tobacco programs or policies that might have impacted our dependent variables.
Subjectively, we saw no evidence of coexpression of fiber types I and IIa, but owing to the nature of antibody BF-35, which stains all except pure IIx fibers, we are unable to rule out the coexpression of IIx with any other isoform.
The two empires agreed to divide the island, with the Portuguese ruling the eastern half and the Dutch the western.
Last week a federal appeals court ruled that White House lawyers must hand over notes of their conversations with first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton to Whitewater Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr.
If his aim was to prevent a nuclear confrontation between Pakistan and India, then "the same purpose would obviously be achieved by allowing Pakistan to conduct the tests so that the principle of mutual nuclear deterrence would automatically come into force and nuclear confrontation can be ruled out for ever."
The New York Times makes the school ruling its off-lead but goes its own way by leading with the Clinton administration's order of sweeping new protections for Medicare recipients that will require private health plans treating them to guarantee access to specialists, the provision of translators when needed and medical record confidentiality.
(Presumably they could rule out a really hot date.)
However, alternative explanations cannot be ruled out at this time.
Straws in the wind: A baby boom in Moscow may be signaling the renewal of Russian optimism , according to the New York Times . California's Supreme Court ruled that victims of age discrimination in the workplace have the same rights as victims of race and sex discrimination.
In May 1782, New Providence surrendered to a large Spanish-American invasion fleet from Cuba and for the next year a Spanish governor ruled the Bahamas.
Britain's highest court ruled that former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet can be extradited to Spain for prosecution on charges of murder and torture.
Thus, role of partial methylation in down-regulating MGMT cannot be ruled out.
The story is oddly competitive, keeping score between the genders on strength, agility, and aggression, and mischievously wondering "which sex should rule."
After a judge ruled the sickout illegal, the pilots still didn't go back to work, and the judge fined the union's executives several thousand dollars and ordered the union to assume responsibility for $10 million in damages to passengers.
Prince Mieszko, leader of the Piast dynasty that ruled the Polonians, undertook the bold step to unify the Polanie (literally, “people of the fields”) and neighboring tribes.
It cannot be ruled out that some of the scenarios we classify as independent fusions in reality reflect the existence of an ancestral fused gene and subsequent multiple, independent fissions.
The courts ruled that The Nation exceeded its fair-use rights in 1985 when it excerpted key sections of Gerald Ford's memoir in an article that was published slightly before Ford's book reached stores.
When asked about Gore's query, Eric Hauser, a spokesman for Bradley, pointed out that Gore was no more willing than Bradley to rule out a tax increase.
USAT says that one of the few concrete positions Clinton took at the meeting was ruling out a conversion of Social Security to a private pension system.
When a Federal judge ruled last Friday evening that Microsoft had abused its monopoly power, many reports noted that the company's stock price fell in "after-hours trading."
The Romans ruled a pagan empire, but the Aegean had an important influence on the early development of Christianity.
Although Slc5a7, Nrif-2, Srd5a1 , and Hsd17b3 are promising candidates to underlie these two QTLs, a significant number of altered genes were also identified that cannot formally be ruled out at this time, either in place of, or in addition to, these three genes.
The no-privilege decision by Judge Norma Johnson--actually still under seal and leaked to the papers by lawyers involved in the case (who thereby continue to flirt with sanction by Judge Johnson)--is deemed a "stunning legal defeat" for Clinton by the NYT and rated a "major victory" for Ken Starr by "USA Today . The Washington Post and the NYT add that Judge Johnson also ruled against Clinton's invocation of attorney-client privilege to shield his top aides, holding that Clinton could not use government-paid lawyers to aid his defense in a criminal investigation.
Before Canby, Bosley Crowther ruled the roost for three decades.
Although it is known that the Phoenicians, Greeks, and Carthaginians were aware of Gibraltar, and that the Romans ruled here from about 500 b.c. to a.d. 475, no town was ever built.
Meanwhile, on Meet the Press , Wayne Slater says the Bush camp has ruled out McCain and Dole as running mates.
Appearing on Meet the Press and Late Edition , the current chairman of the Reform Party--Ross Perot ally Russell Verney--calls for Ventura to resign and says Perot has not yet ruled himself out of the presidential race.
They have ruled their own mountain kingdoms at various points in history.
Representatives for the Oakland schools have given answers that sometimes conflict with the wording of the resolution itself on such issues as whether ebonics would or should be a language used in formal instruction (as opposed to something that teachers simply should be given financial incentives to be aware of and conversant in); whether ebonics would itself be taught as a subject; and whether claiming the status of a distinct language for ebonics was, in fact, a ploy to shake loose federal bilingual-education dollars (an outcome immediately ruled out by Richard W. Riley, the secretary of education).
Kenneth MacAlpin, who ruled as king of Scots at Dunadd, acquired the Pictish throne in 843, uniting Scotland north of the River Forth into a single kingdom.
The nature of the Falun Gong trial--that is, artifice--betrays the government's intolerance for members of its ruling party who belong to the organization: All four accused were in the Communist Party, the Post reports.
The magazine profiles Metropolitan Opera General Manager Joseph Volpe, who began his career as a set-building carpenter and now rules the institution with workmanlike practicality and a diva-sized temper.
 . The sophisticated spin: It's a victory for the spirit of Roe , because the high court ruled that the procreation decision had been rightly made by the couple--"not the state and not the courts"--through their contract.
Apparently OSHA has ruled that people who work at home--even if it's just for a day to take care of a sick kid--have to be provided with all the workplace safety stuff that they'd get on the job--proper ventilation, ergonomically correct chairs, etc.
This is not, the Journal notes, a petty detail: If the co-pilot had actually said, "I have made my decision now," that would seem to rule out the Egyptian government's theory that the co-pilot's "second" phrase, "I put my faith in God's hands," was a reaction to an as-yet-undiscovered mechanical problem.
King Solomon ruled during the Golden Age of Jerusalem and is remembered for his wisdom, for the construction of the First Temple, and for his copper mines in the south.
Although the four-elements paradigm remained robust throughout antiquity and through the Middle Ages (during which a mystical tradition emerged proposing a fifth element, ruling the others, the socalled quintessence ), atomism fell out of favor for nearly two millennia until the quantitative philosophy of the early Enlightenment created a conceptual environment friendly to the metamorphosis of alchemy, through the chemical experiments of Robert Hooke, Isaac Newton, Joseph Priestley, Henry Cavendish, Antoine Lavoisier and others, into something like the chemistry we were all taught in high school.
Under the conditions of these experiments, we have ruled out the effect of photosynthesis since the light intensity was not at a level that resulted in foliage dry weight increase during the cold acclimation period [ 21 ] .
The elections rule.
We think the major role of PSE is to rule out screening modalities that have little benefit.
Federal prisoners can once again purchase Playboy and Penthouse . A federal judge ruled that a ban on the publications violated the First Amendment rights of both inmates and publishers.
In 1993, the Hawaii Supreme Court ruled that, indeed, denial of same-sex marriage amounted to discrimination on the basis of sex and sexual orientation.
The court, vacating Nelson's death sentence for the second time, ruled on two grounds: that the jury could have been confused by instructions on the verdict sheet and that the prosecutor made improper accusations in his closing argument.
That is especially true of the State Security Court that ruled in this case.
Never mind that in a regime that is controlled by warlords, it does not matter who is authorized to distribute the aid -- the ruling regional warlords will seize control of it and use it to their own advantage.
They are ruled by the cabildo, local governing boards formed of community leaders (Gow and Rappaport 2002: 51-52).
no longer ruled by Western laws and discourse, communities are forced to assess the efficacy of their old judicial systems in light of the modern era.
One popular theory compares Zionism's imperative to acquire land to the American idea of Manifest Destiny (that it was the United States' God-given right to rule from coast to coast).
The Supreme Court ruled that states cannot put the interests of a fetus ahead of the interests of the pregnant woman until the fetus is "viable."
Because the point of viability varies, the court ruled, it could only be determined case by case and by the woman's own doctor.
Lucky for Americans it wasn't this attitude that ruled the day when jim crow laws were in place.

