Because turning welfare recipients into tax payers just makes sense.
We give them a chance to realize their own potential by giving them a place where they can develop a sense of competence, of usefulness, a sense of belonging and of influence.
We give them a chance to realize their own potential by giving them a place where they can develop a sense of competence, of usefulness, a sense of belonging and of influence.
In this restricted sense, signs are causally correlated with that which is signified.
If so, can "mere chemicals" be signs in the full Piercean sense?
Not only are we unable to prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and predict what will unfold, but we also cannot even translatein the sense of necessary and sucient conditionsfrom legal talk to normal intentional talk, let alone from legal talk of Henderson found guilty of murder to a physical talk about sound-wave forms monitored and masses at space-time lines as a description.
It seems hard to ascribe purpose, in the sense of acting on its own behalf, to a stone or a chair and easy with respect to an alga.
Of course, there is a sense in which my attribution of semantics to autonomous agents is purely tautological.
Now, five chapters later, it is hardly an independent deduction that autonomous agents are the proposed organization of matter, energy, and organization to which purposes can be ascribed in the sense of being able to act on their own behalf.
For example, bacteria and amoebae do have a kind of Pavlovian learning already, for they have receptors that accommodate to a constant level of a given signal ligand and sense instead a change from the current level.
A new sense of identity enveloped Greek peoples throughout the Aegean, thus commencing a movement to expand Greece and unify the disparate Orthodox populations.
Chuckles often emanate from the British employment of a term in a sense at variance with American usage.
Now, it made no sense at all.
Apart from these words and lake , words and phrases directly associated with thoughts of water and reinforcing the sense of obsession include pool, springs, drainage hole, clay hole, flood, channel, water-courses, water-hole, rock-hole, drink, drinkable, running water, stream , and native well .
Here is a commonsense style book, useful to those who have the education and common sense to be in doubt about questions of English usage.
A sense of humor about a subject is born of a feeling of security about it, but security is the one characteristic often lacking among those who would use Current American Usage .
Suddenly it stopped, and I had the sense I was very, very high up.
That makes sense.
Nice to see you haven’t lost your wonderful sense of humor,” she said, “but stop trying to change the subject.
I remember the overpowering sense of loneliness and sadness and grief.
But then I think, it does make sense because she’d never like that,” he was really picking up the pace now, “She’s not the type that goes around fluanting what she’s got and taking advantage, which makes you even perfecter.
Control hybridizations using a sense strand Gad1 probe were also performed.
Embryos hybridized to the sense probe did not reveal any staining pattern at any of the stages tested (E8.
Sense strand hybridization results for E10.
Digoxygenin sense and antisense RNA probes were generated by labeling with digoxygenin-UTP during transcription.
In a weaker sense, the same message is projected to American children, who grow up being told that it is not acceptable to be violent to one another, but who simultaneously have to endure corporal punishment and media messages about how "the enemies of freedom" are punished.
He certainly does not "attribute it to a speech where it was not uttered" and, as noted above, doing so twice would make no sense whatsoever if Moore was the mastermind deceiver that his critics claim he is.
This makes no sense.
Yeah, I remember Sambito from the Astros (when the Braves were in the old NL West because it made sense to have a team 3,000 miles from most of their division rivals).
By doing so they hope to inculcate among the Mayan peoples a renewed sense of pride which will in turn reverse the dogma of Spanish superiority.
In anticipation, Jews in Palestine began laying the groundwork for a greater sense of national identity.
By accepting my personal invitation, you’ll provide yourself and every member of your family with a fulfilling sense of proprietorship, and a steady flow of priceless enjoyment.
This creates both a smooth transition to the second theme and a strong sense that a new section is beginning, a combination that is generally rather difficult to forge.
The 14-hour flight took me from Monday morning in Sydney to Monday morning, again, in L.A. Crossing the date line messed up my sense of time enough without the added bonus of thinking I should be heading to bed just as the sun began to climb into the California sky.
In the paper, "self-control" is used to mean a sense of willpower.
In the absence of external guides, people selforganise to learn and make sense of their environments.
We do not do so here, although it may be interesting to contemplate whether the Silicon Valley is, in the broadest sense, ‘feminised’.
Do not try to make sense out of anything of this if you're not thinking like a...
Posted by: Lexaburn at October 20, 2010 3:42 AM Christine O'Donnell is certainly ignorant in the sense that, while perfectly aware that there are many things she doesn't know, she is clueless as to how that might be an impediment.
It also is a 'social promotion' in the sense that great Sonoma wines that now are forced to use "Sonoma County" will be giving some of their credibility to their lesser neighbors.
There are many reasons why the new labeling requirement makes sense from all these perspectives.
From the mid-1940s to the mid-1960s, Las Vegas nurtured a growing sense that it was the “Entertainment Capital of the World. ”
What I find to be extraordinary about Woods’ case is that he remarked how while he has always been sexually attracted go guys, he is romantically attracted to women in the sense that he has always wanted a girlfriend and to be close with other females, etc… but never in a sexual sense.
What I find to be extraordinary about Woods’ case is that he remarked how while he has always been sexually attracted go guys, he is romantically attracted to women in the sense that he has always wanted a girlfriend and to be close with other females, etc… but never in a sexual sense.
Now, there were two things here that made ridiculously small amounts of sense.
The more I thought about it, the less sense the ship made.
Times like that, running on less sleep than I should, alone because everyone else had had the sense to retire for the night, I had a tendency to get all meditative about the universe and my place in it.
Beijing’s announced policy of maintaining Hong Kong’s prosperity and stability makes sense.
What I love most about you," responded the wife, "Is your enormous sense of humor.
You and I have never been on particularly good terms, and I regret not burying that hatchet while you were still alive, but at the same time, I can't help but think that your passing adds a sense of closure to twelve years of horror.
 simply does not make any sense. The
e limits make no sense under the reasoning the Government has offered. The
 we offer a simple way to make this clear, express limit make sense, and that is precisely the understanding we suggest that existed in 1790. The
 that might be a delicate balance, that they give the author 99.8 percent and the public .2 percent, but in my mind, that's delicate in a very different sense of that term. Tha
My sense is for a simpler system.
My sense is for a simpler system.
I don't think this is making sense and I can't find the words.
This effort, in some sense competing with Roy Pike's, seems very healthy to me.
The APA has scheduled 30 minutes at its meeting in August for an RxP debate, but its leadership believes it already has an accurate sense of support for its RxP policy.
As the name suggests, local leaders wanted to instill the people of Youngstown with a fierce sense of urgency, driving them forward to confront steel companies and owners and help secure the future of the region.
JACK SPARROW: You're not making any sense at all.

Except for a sense of honor, and decency and-and a moral center.
All three entrants shared a sense of what was beautiful and what was appropriate, and all were concerned with conveying the same message of permanence, dignity, and of culture rooted in the past.
This sense of technique carried over to English, and the original meaning of style was those features of literary composition that belonged to the form rather than to the substance of the matter being expressed.
Architectural style, in Blondel’s sense, describes the way that something was built.
8 The successful relationship of the details to each other, and to the building is governed by the architect’s sense of style.
“The aesthetic understanding [of architecture],” writes Roger Scruton, “is inseparable from a sense of detail.”
The sense of being in a special place that is a three-dimensional expression of the architect’s imagination is one of the distinctive pleasures of architecture.
To create a strong sense of place, the surroundings must be all of a piece; space, mass, shapes, and materials must reflect the same sensibility.
The sense of robustness is accentuated by occasional delicacy: the arched window incorporates scrolled brackets that support an elegant reverse ogee molding at the eaves.
“I endeavor to design buildings that express a sense of belonging,” Jacobsen says, “buildings that reflect or abstract the nearby architecture and the traditions dictated by the climate and local materials.”
They are serious about what they are doing, that is, their buildings exhibit a strong sense of conviction.
Moreover, while their architecture is built with a great sense of style, it is never merely stylized.
a: docs for obama, science teachers for edwards, manufacturers for clinton makes obvious sense, right?
Because it doesn't even make sense.
http://tr.im/iQEj X Japan I.V. Music Video Saw IV ¬´ Marketing Sense http://bit.ly/13Zj35 "Why We Don't Condemn Our Pirates in Somalia"\ FOX29 Candidates Debate For DA Position http://tinyurl.com/dfbyb2 I'm doing my Chardonnay :) How ya doing sweetie?
"There is finally some sort of sense in the market," she says.
The New Republic 's Margaret Talbot says Whitehead and other "divorcephobes" ignore America's history of liberal divorce laws, the economics of women in the workplace, and common sense: "Parents who make each other's lives a snarling misery probably won't make their children's lives a bower of happiness."
Go to work on can of course be interpreted idiomatically as attack, but the presentation also hinted wittily at the literal sense of the phrase by portraying a man pedaling to work on a cycle with a single egg-shaped wheel.
Choosing a black over a better-qualified white is still racial preference, even if they both are "qualified" in the absolute sense.
Web advertising is smart, in the sense that it can be far more detailed and specific and because it can reach a target with surgical precision.
Similarly, the phrase recorded live , while it suggests the overtones of a concert rather than a studio performance, may still sound odd to an untrained ear (this may be termed sound mixing, in a double sense).
The problem, in that sense, is not that there are big and small markets but that there are too few teams in the big markets.
Republicans and Democrats commend Helms for his good sense, flexibility, and bipartisanship (?!)
Her tolerance feeds his tantrums, her servitude his warped sense of self.
The behavior he is now being excoriated for was not Orwellian, in the sense of 1984 's world of inverted truth--but Orwell-like, meaning that it was in keeping with a career based on political courage and intellectual integrity.
When Lenin instituted the New Economic Policy in 1921--which permitted a limited amount of capitalist competition in order to restore some of the country's cash flow--Rodchenko and Mayakovsky became the advertising agency for many of the state's manufacturing and retail operations, which, in a sense, let them have their cake and eat it, too.
a) No sense of proportionality.
But absent was about 80 percent of the sense of artificiality that characterized Gore's earlier performances.
With Harper in place, one gets the sense of Rockefeller seizing up on the issue of money, eventually forbidding Harper to even discuss it in his presence.
He's represented not just by his homicide victims and his famous shot of The Critic (two grande dames in evening dress stepping out from their limo as a bag lady appraises their fashion sense), but by a 20-minute film, called Weegee's New York (1953), as well.
Ten interpreters stepped from behind the throne.The English one at last explained the Holy FatherHad urged us all to wear seatbelts while driving.My heart sank at its plain good sense, as hymnsEchoed and golden canopies enfolded the pope,How like home it seemed, with my own fatherA preoccupied patriarch of practicalityWhen what was wanted veered wildly betweenThe gruff headmaster and the drunken playwright.Instead, I got the distant advertising salesman,The suburban dad of what turned out to be my dreams ...
Wouldn't it make more sense just to offer Harford a membership to the haunted mansion club?
Here's an architecture (in the sense I mean the term) that was added to the Web by an innovation of Netscape Corporation.
For a good panoramic view of Halifax and a sense of its important military history, make your way around the grassy slopes leading to the star-shaped Citadel, from which a cannon-shot has boomed across the town each day at noon since the 1850s.
I merely suggested that it would make sense to add some questions about this to the next survey.
Where there is no strong leader, no unifying sense of purpose, and no rule of law, political chaos tends to ensue, as surely in the Longworth Building as in Rwanda or the former Yugoslavia.
But we would like, with some sense of rough justice, to create a system in which each increment of government force results in a greater decrement of private force, so that at the margin the sum of both is minimized.
Like Andy Serwer--also an old friend from graduate school, where he also dated my roommate--I think free Internet access makes a lot of sense.
And in the simplest sense, having two big players in the market is not meaningfully different from having three.
Many people felt a sense of liberation; the changes allowed them to get out of unpleasant marriages without the often contrived allegations of fault previously required for divorce.
The mission of the Indianapolis Zoological Society is to provide recreational learning experiences for the citizens of Indiana through the exhibition and presentation of natural environments in a way to foster a sense of discovery, stewardship, and the need to preserve the Earth's plants and animals.
For example, there is not only affirmation by demonstration (ergo, hence, therefore, accordingly , but there is also documentation by postulation (it can be assumed, we can suppose) and also validation by synthesization (basically, in truth, in a very real sense) as well as verification by substitution (that is to say, in other words, in short) . Similarly, there is not only confutation by disputation (on the contrary, notwithstanding, however, nevertheless) , but there is also negation by concession (despite, although, allowing that) and also, not least, refutation by capitulation (it might be argued, it would be easy to conclude) .
It makes sense, then, for a browser that can find both internal and external documents to be an integral part of the system--unless, that is, you regard browsers and operating systems as still basically different things, and view Microsoft as practicing vertical foreclosure under the guise of product enhancement.
The problem for toy companies is that they need to design and manufacture the toys for a movie without having any sense of how popular that movie is going to be.
Isn't it common sense that all our schools should perform well, and that more Americans should do better economically?
In that sense, a casino is like a restaurant or a movie theater, except that there's one crucial difference: Every casino is selling the exact same product.
Nonetheless, there is a sense in which each new settlement meant a new start, and consequently a duplication in the nomenclature of key items.
Constructs which expressed either sense or antisense IDO RNA were produced by cloning a 740 bp RT-PCR fragment of the IDO gene, described in [ 17], into the T-tailed cloning vector pGEM T-Easy (Promega).
Unimpressed with her upstate forays, Rudolph Giuliani, her likely Senate rival, boasts: "Every time I have gone up there, I have gotten the sense that they like me.
Also note that GeneChip software excludes probes whose PM/MM difference is outside three standard deviations (SDs) of all probe differences in either of the two arrays in the comparison; here, as we are comparing multiple arrays at the same time, when calculating ADs a probe is excluded if its difference is an outlier in the above sense in any of the arrays, until a minimum of five probes is reached, where all five probes will be used).
Grass, on the other hand, might make sense for Chanel, for many of the flowers used in Chanel perfumes are cultivated at Grasse, a town in southern France.
In another sense, it's part of what's been called the "winner-take-all" society, where those on top command more and more resources and those in the middle tend to disappear.
Nonpharmacological interventions may also contribute significantly to the patient's and family's sense of well-being, and their ability to cope.

Great novels are topical only in a subtler and grander sense.
Sections of NRL and PcIRL hybridized with the sense probes for both ATPase 6 and SP-B showed little red or green fluorescence (Fig.
A man whose defective moral sense included a grotesquely exaggerated loyalty to a limited number of people in his own family and in the slums.
These men are excited about carving out a wider individuality in which they can develop and enjoy a more spacious and multifaceted sense of self.
The editors front the story as high as they can because they know there really was a loss here, of a combination of talent and a larger sense of purpose that is utterly absent from entertainment today.
The fact that they weren't owes less to any lack of evidence than to a sense of proportion and respect for the popular will--or call it cowardice, perhaps--in the opposition party (the Democrats), which then controlled Congress.
In that sense, there is a Ripley's Believe-It-or-Not quality to these books.
Initially, this strategy made a certain amount of sense from a business angle.
They feed their resultant emptiness with manic, life-threatening, competitive pursuits that become substitutes for their sense of self worth.
Had those 60 years constituted his entire career, we could relegate him to a historical back shelf along with so many other humanistic pillars of midcentury photography, stalwarts of Life and The Family of Man whose work today primarily inspires a nagging sense of duty.
Of course, we both know that the implicit background to these questions was the rumors of Bush's own drug abuse, and in that sense, this larger topic was what your question and the others were "about."
This is the approach proposed by Lee et al . [ 13], where it is assumed that each of the two components has a normal (in the statistical sense) distribution.
The concept had to do with Mexican nationalism and a sense of self-identity with a Mexican consciousness.
We've got very similar sense of humor and we have great conversations.
The exhibition tells us that as a vessel of lasting sense or sacred truth, the written word may be losing ground, but that as a source of inarticulate comfort, it has gained much.
In my opinion, The Sixth Sense is every bit as ambitious and provocative, and in some ways more fully realized, than Three Kings . Let's start with the small gifts of this movie, the little things it attempts that so few American movies ever bother with.
The lack of strong families in too many young lives makes the public school's job (poorly conceived and performed as well, according to Rodriguez) of teaching and bringing a sense of connection to other Americans, past and present, nearly impossible.
Determination of protein homologies of sense and antisense oriented ESTs from candidate clusters
When preparing the cell cultures, 1 μM and 2 μM of antisense or sense ODN were added to the cells at plating.
But let's get clinical: Does the diagnosis of sex addiction make sense?
When the book was coming out in Black Mask , in 1929, the editor presumably took gunsel to be a synonym of gunman , and in that sense it was very widely adopted by Hammett's imitators, by the general public, and even, it seems, by the underworld.
There is a theory that the curious expression (from the Bible), It is harder for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven than for a camel to go through the eye of a needle results from a misreading of the original: the original, it is said, has a word meaning `rope,' not `camel,' which makes sense (to me).
But in a larger sense, that is exactly what all of us do when we use language.
Those that are on the ropes for this revision, include fuck-plug a contraceptive diaphragm, with a single example from a college student in 1984, a term not subsequently found despite wide questioning and extensive database searching; fuck 5.b. to trifle or interfere with (that is, the usual sense of fuck with , but without the with), found in a single example from a movie; and friggin in the rigging , a nautical expression for loafing on duty, which is too uninteresting a figurative sense even if it does have some currency beyond the single oral example we have found.
"Isn't it just common sense that we make sure every child in America is covered by health care?"
"Privilege" itself already suggests to me the sense of overness, if you will.
McEwan is a Freudian with an Orwellian sense of decency, and his novels often trigger this sort of unsettling examination of both one's unconscious and one's conscience.
Clearly there is an increasing sense of Y2K gravitas among the big dailies: There was yesterday's NYT lead editorial calling for congressional creation of tax incentives and subsidies for solutions, and the Post lead is the second in a series.
Movie -- Smilla's Sense of Snow ;
Numerical terminology (think third wave , fourth dimension , fifth estate , sixth sense ) is an open invitation to extension.
Researching the market makes sense if you are good at it and you are willing to do it full time.
The following tier of headlines, "Cultural Concierge/Land of the Pharoahs/Art in the age of the pyramids," communicates no sense of what this piece is actually about or why I need to read it now, as opposed to several thousand years ago.
He deserves considerable credit, I think, for restoring a sense of possibility and optimism to American popular culture.
Wednesday (April 16) brings "Clothes Sense," our regular monthly column from Anne Hollander.
Gardner says, "Common sense, self-observation, and talking to others should suffice to tell you what is distinctive about your mind."
I found him a rather dour, lugubrious individual, and even the author of Webster's Third finds it difficult to recount many tales exemplifying his humanity, any a sense of humor.
`Geiger tube']), but how it can be so analyzed, when the counter sense is inherent in the function of the device, and `Geiger' can scarcely be said to be a “translation” of Geiger , is a little hard to justify.
He also offers the hoary old `bitterness' or `rebelliousness' for Mary , whereas it is now thought that the name derives from the Hebrew root element MRH meaning literally `to be plump,' so in a transferred sense `strong,' `beautiful.
Although reconfigration of the LSC-funded programs has not been a priority issue, LSC has asked the Oregon planners to examine whether maintenance of three separate organizations continues to make sense.
So in a sense all the Russian government needs to pay its bills is for those seven men, plus a fringe of smaller-scale oligarchs who would surely follow their lead, to pay the necessary taxes.
It has made good design easily accessible and, paradoxically, opened opportunities for American manufacturing that may help consumers develop a sense of personal style.
If a soldier is completely circumspect in his military life and makes every effort to disguise his involvement in explicitly gay-only-oriented activities to the point of using a pseudonym, etc., in what sense is he "telling"?
Watts was recently on the receiving end of this assessment from his father: "A black man voting for the Republicans makes about as much sense as a chicken voting for Colonel Sanders."
In a sense, you get more ballet for your money in the Kirov version.
Perhaps that makes sense.
So-called public intellectuals like West, bell hooks, and, yes, Henry Louis Gates Jr. himself, seem to me both dishonest and selfish--they're in it for the money and the power as much as out of any sense of obligation or responsibility to the black community.
b) Had good sense to leave the White House before corrupting himself.
But that sort of open conflict would run the risk of revealing the inherently futile nature of the project these networks are engaged in, namely, trying to make sense of the stock market's movement in the short term.
Not that synergy in its old-fashioned sense doesn't continue to play a part.
We naturally consulted our monthly "Clothes Sense" columnist, Anne Hollander, who advised that traditional geekwear--boxer shorts, T-shirt, and baseball cap--is appropriate for both sexes and any hour of the day.
But somehow the intelligentsia, in the Russian sense, lost its confidence and broad vision over the next decades.
Gold comes from OE gold , IE * ghel to shine but in a yellow sense (in contrast to * arg , which is to shine in a white sense).
To get a sense of how valuable targeting is to advertisers, the New York Times-- which makes you give demographic information in order to register for the site--charges four cents for a banner ad that's shown to everyone and six cents for one that is targeted.
In an important sense, such mixers do not have just two systems, A and B, to work with, but four: a spectrum of A, AB, BA and B.
The poverty, for instance, does not create the sense of shame as it does for people who live in Western countries.
One can only imagine the relief of his crew, and perhaps Columbus’s own sense of satisfaction that his theories had proved to be correct (though not entirely, since he assumed he had found the Indian subcontinent).
In this regard, it is prudent to note that the alternative computational predictions presented here should be considered to be 'more likely' than the original ones, rather than to contradict the latter in an absolute sense.
Third, to confirm this upstream location, and to estimate the distance between exon 1a and 1b, long-range PCR was done with a sense primer (ex1aP3) in exon 1a and an anti-sense primer in exon 1b (sc1P18) using the genomic clone c241 as a template.
' This pejorative development was not extraordinary, because the word ordinary had itself taken on a debased sense.
It may also explain the expression "scared stiff" (in the sense of tumescent, not in the sense of immobilized by drunken overindulgence in a gift bottle of bourbon that one never received).
As a dramatist, Miller not only has no sense of humor, he also fails to grasp how changes in tone and texture can be used to make tragedy tolerable.
Perhaps next time, to avoid the sense that professional concerns are not hampering the conversation in The Book Club, it might make sense to choose two discussants with no ties to the people under discussion.
But such acknowledgments do not qualify as dedications in the sense generally understood and in the book at hand in particular.
"He conveyed a sense of independence and objectivity that I now think is fraudulent."
As several people noted, the percentages Chatterbox cited in his previous item (" Do Vacations Kill?") overstate some vacation dangers in the sense that, say, the higher incidence of drowning deaths compared with falling deaths reflects the much greater number of people who swim as compared with the number who climb mountains.
And when New Year's arrives and she experiences that brief sense of being overwhelmed by something she can't explain, she'll be tempted to dismiss it, as she does every year, as sentimental and superstitious.
Squatter, not in the American and earliest Australian sense of one who illegally occupies land but in the main Australian sense of one who has title to a tract of grazing land, is recorded in 1837 and is essentially a word of the 1840s; but in the earlier period both runs and stations were being established for the grazing of sheep and cattle.
(Horrid topic sentence: "My generation is special because of what we missed rather than what we got, because in a certain sense we are the first and the last."
Detonating a smuggled warhead in the hold of a ship docked in, say, New York harbor would make much more sense, while avoiding the huge expense and trouble of building complex intercontinental rockets.
The reader gets the book home and proceeds to memorize polysyllabic words by the dozens, with their lenghthy definitions coupled with made-up sentences which often make little sense or, if they do make sense are dull at best.
Here's the liberal common sense: "[I]n other news, cops are being accused of savagery, priests of impropriety, and thousands of children are failing in the New York City schools.
These happen to be ideas that many academic economists are deeply skeptical of, since if it makes long-term economic sense for Microsoft to expand into, say, browsers, it should also make long-term economic sense for someone else to fund Microsoft's competitors.
Because we see no sense in causing more financial distress than necessary, we are still under the same roof while we work out the details.
In the former sense it gives way to government land or to more specific terms for parcels of land like government domain, government farm, government garden, government ground, government paddock, government reserve and government run ; in the latter it comes increasingly to refer to land that is available for grant, lease, or purchase, to distinguish land which is variously described as unlocated, unoccupied or (from slightly later, in the 1840s) unsettled from land which is located or settled.
The author, Cold War historian Timothy Naftali, asserts that Orwell's list showed and criticizes him for showing poor sense.
"We are well placed to win a trade war with the French if they do not see sense," it said.
Third, Besharov and Dembosky's claim that increased sensitivity accounts for the rise in the number of seriously injured children does not make sense in the context of the patterns of NIS findings, which do provide evidence of progressively heightened sensitivity for more subtle maltreatment cues.
Since even the Department of Transportation estimates that better than 80 percent of Americans speed, it might make more sense to look at why, rather than simply demanding that they all stop.
The scale of crimes against humanity, against truth, against common sense engaged in by Stalin and his minions is so extraordinary that merely reading about them can provoke numbness.
It's a bizarre concoction, but it's riveting--and I use that term advisedly, in the sense of a hack-'em-up serial killer riveting somebody's head to the side of a door.
The term "is offensive to anyone with any sense of courtesy, pride in themselves, décor of personality, and sense of decency," the vengeful reader R. wrote.
It is, perhaps, this sense of opportunism, and of blowing up ordinary jobs like creating a black reference book of this sort as if one were announcing the return of the monarchy to America, that makes you feel uneasy about many of the black public intellectuals.
At this time, we also turn to friends like you, asking you to show that you share in our sense of pride by continuing to support the School's Annual Fund.
If the class of canine brings a sense of nobility to the ad and product, this particular specimen is so well trained that it intensifies the image of controlled elegance, of comfort--an almost royal dog striding through a minimalist palace.
But probably the thing that could really get us in trouble in an economic sense from your perspective is to spend it all."
First, a critical question of interpretation: From my sense of her body language and tone, Monica was clearly checking to make sure the phone would not disturb the X-ray machine.
Product in this collective sense, used without an article, has none of the quantitative, formative, or even poetic associations that the word had otherwise acquired--as in "gross national product," "a product of Groton and Harvard," or "the fruit and product of his labors past" (Dryden).
We're trying to make sense out of something that will never make sense.
Wouldn't a picture of the escapee make more sense?
A walk or a drive up to the house or through the garden should bend and wind and provide a "sense of journey," as one might experience on a walk in the woods.
His provocative use of fictional narrator personas grew out of an "epiphany" that, "after several years of deep research I was, in an almost occult sense, there when Reagan was younger."
Beijing’s announced policy of maintaining Hong Kong’s prosperity and stability makes sense.
Clinton has faced an escalating series of serious accusations--serious in the sense that they were all plausible and some were true.
Into the nothingness of scorn and noise, Into the living sea of waking dreams,Where there is neither sense of life or joys, But the vast shipwreck of my life's esteems;Even the dearest, that I love the best,Are strange--nay, rather stranger than the rest.
This is a big reason why people mistrust Hillary, whereas it made a lot of sense to people, in the '30s, that ER should be a kind of shape-shifting adjunct to her husband.
Liberal gardeners are people who feel that, through gardening, we can alleviate our sense of alienation from nature; and that, through good gardening, we can repair some of the damage we have done to our environment.
The sense is clear and logical here.
Over the 1990s, the booming economy and stock market may have lulled people into a sense of complacency that good times were here to stay.
Her books sold so poorly when they were originally issued that she is, in some sense, brand new.
In that sense, we're all one-worlders now.
A possible theory for reversing the meaning of back is that the sense is further [back] in the schedule, not further back in time; but a usage such as the following in a published television schedule for 8pm may negate this argument:
Or, as one of these idioms might put it: take care of the sound, and the sense will take care of itself.
Unlike test sections hybridized with the antisense probe, the control sections probed with the sense riboprobe showed only the neutral red staining (Fig.
If you read Warren Buffett or Peter Lynch or John Burr Williams, you get a clear sense of the principles that guide their investing.

It is hard to believe that anyone could survive the mental thumbscrew that explaining jokes inflicts: even if one has not got a joke and its explanation is, in a sense, welcome--after all, no one likes to feel left out--what humor it might once have possessed is crushed out of it.
Some of these arguments make sense.
Noting that the sense transcript encoded a potential tumor suppressor, we checked the annotated tissue origin of these ESTs, and found that a significantly greater fraction of the antisense ESTs (34/46 = ~0.
This week, things brightened slightly, for no obvious reason aside from excellent earnings from bellwethers Cisco (a holding of mine) and Wal-Mart (which I don't own but probably should) and a general sense that the market was "oversold."
But it remains exceedingly hard to watch, not so much because of the repulsiveness of De Niro's Jake La Motta as because of its overall sense of aesthetic claustrophobia.
I think, in this sense, Jefferson would be pleased.
The flag-raising isn't milked for its patriotism: It's a deeply goofy gesture and totally consistent with its heroes' sense of momentousness.
Relieved of those constraints in Angel , Carter Eskew, who produced spots for the 1992 Clinton campaign, has sculpted a decidedly nonpolitical spot that evinces clearly his sense of relief at having to make only one powerful point.
Classical Hebrew dispenses with some parts of speech that are necessary in English, so, in the 17th century, King James's learned men to the number of four and fifty simply added those that were required to make sense of the translation, printing them in italics.
"The fiery aspects of thought and feeling that initially compel the artistic voyage--fierce energy, high mood, and quick intelligence; a sense of the visionary and the grand; a restless and feverish temperament--commonly carry with them the capacity for vastly darker moods, grimmer energies, and, occasionally, bouts of 'madness.
Rather than explain where America should go, he says he has "a strong sense of where America is and where we need to go."
One of Quine's central claims is "that our statements about the external world face the tribunal of sense experience not individually but only as a corporate body".
One would expect against in AE also for this sense, and the of can be attributed to journalese or some other aberrant style.
There's a kind of intellectual greed going on here, almost a sense of entitlement.
Antisense RNAs transcribed from loci distinct from their putative targets, such as lin-4 of Caenorhabditis elegans , are generally short and have the potential to form imperfect duplexes with complementary regions of their sense counterparts [ 3].
"That makes sense to you, now doesn't it?"
The Oedipus story survives, the paper said, "because it embodies the deep human sense that free will is a fragile thing, and no inheritance, however noble, frees one from the mark of sin.
"Our Teutonic sense of order demands that we acquire a company starting with the letter 'A' first."
She also retains a sense of humor about her plight--these days, she jokes, she can make any small company famous by wearing its logo on a baseball cap.
What's your sense of Louis Freeh?
"A mature woman is married to a man who is a perpetual adolescent; he is clever and good with words, but lacks a sense of self-worth, and relieves his depression with recurrent affairs of varying importance."
Primers sets for the epithelial calcium channel were as follows: sense primer 5'TGAACCTGGTGCGCGCACTGC3' (GenBank accession number AJ271207.
Then it points out that in this sense, a singular form media (plural medias ) is now sometimes heard.
Herculaneum is smaller (only a fraction has been recovered) and less renowned than Pompeii, but its very compactness and better preservation give a more immediate sense of the shape and ambience of a whole Roman town, this one just 7 km (4 1/2 miles) from Vesuvius.
I am happy to let the usually conservative American Heritage Dictionary have the last word: “As with the analogous words data and agenda, the originally plural form has begun to acquire a sense that departs from that of the singular [ medium ]; used as a collective term, media denotes an industry or community.”
Since my sister and I share a poor sense of direction as well as an intense interest in fashion, we have a tendency to get lost on the way home from our treasure hunts.
In the Biblical Sense
You can get a wonderful sense of life in a Victorian Back Bay home at the Gibson House, at 137 Beacon Street, (open for tours May–October, Wednesday–Sunday at 1, 2, and 3pm, weekends the rest of the year).
Once he'd checked the address on my driver's license, the policeman realized that my story made sense.
We should expect an evolved number sense to discern mathematical truths fairly well; we should not be so optimistic about the accuracy of an evolved moral sense.
Perhaps NIDA and the pliant journalists should inject themselves with a big dose of common sense.
IDAs are like the better known IRAs in the sense that the assets accumulated are to be used only for limited purposes.
Exchanging stuff for eyeballs makes sense as long as the cost of providing the stuff is less than the value of the eyeballs to advertisers.
They couldn't articulate their feelings very well, and what they actually said didn't make any sense, but they were nonetheless right in their sense that something new and good was happening to the economy.
Sound and Sense
The rosy view is that the market's remarkable rise makes sense because conditions have been perfect.
Their movies-- Blood Simple , Raising Arizona , Miller's Crossing , Barton Fink , The Hudsucker Proxy , Fargo, and now The Big Lebowski --have been eccentric in the best sense, avoiding both mainstream studio practices and the indie mentality that mindlessly reacts against them.
The rationale is that it is in society's interest for people to seek advice from lawyers in order to make sense of complicated regulations and laws.
Movie -- Smilla's Sense of Snow ;
I take Peirce to be right when he tells us that meaning (and therefore correct usage in the broadest sense) is always inseparable from context.
The paper quoted a Barak spokesman as saying he was seeking only "an exchange of ideas and positions" with Clinton and was not intending to commit himself to any timetables on the Middle East peace process, but it added: "The sense that there is no rush is something of a facade.
NRG2 at 5q31 is phylogenetically closer to the 8p gene NRG1 than to any other EGF gene, yet that relationship makes little sense if the duplication giving rise to clusters at 4q13 and 5q13 is far more ancient than that giving rise to the 8p and l0q clusters, as the EGF and FGF data suggest.
Such reverse dictionaries as exist ( Bernstein's Reverse Dictionary having been a popular example for many years) work well for those users whose word sense coincides with that of the compiler.
However, arbitrary designations cannot be considered 'significant' in the traditional, statistical sense unless experimental variance is taken into consideration.
' But a garage is not necessarily an auto repair workshop, and a principal stock in trade is not necessarily a staple (except in the loosest sense).
That is the sense in which we are all on the same bus.
Men of presidential quality tend to be arrogant, with a sense of "entitlement and lordly expectation" (David Remnick, The New Yorker ). The best example of presidential bravura ever: When told of John F. Kennedy's womanizing, Lyndon Johnson responded, "God damn it, I had more women by accident than he ever had by design!"
What's saved him from grimness is his status as an outsider, his flippant sense of humor, and his lovable grin.
The extrademanding female underwear and extrasilly big skirts also confirm our sense of the foreignness then, when painful situations could be resolutely ignored and awkward facts kept under wraps while in company.
Chat rooms can create a sense of community, but communities have existed for as long as humanity itself.
So to examine cultural bias in a wider sense, I checked the surname Lambert, happily borne by Anglophones as well as Francophones.
In this world, it makes eminent sense for some investors to give up the hunt and be satisfied with the quiet life of indexing.
What has happened, evidently, is that peg acquired the sense of step, measure, degree hence take (someone) down a peg meant reduce (someone) by a measurable amount, and this is borne out by the OED at peg, sb . 1 3, (with variants) which has citations going back to 1589.
Without adding a word (other than the title Juneteenth ), he has culled a nugget that gives a sense of what Ellison was up to all those years without harming any of the alternative conceptions of the work that are bound to emerge.
As for fence enclosures, that is another sense of enclose .-- Editor ]
This flexible, realistic moral sense coexists with reassurances that the important moral categories are, in the end, stable.
On the other hand (pun intended), the root sense might be implying the bread is so hard to digest it would make the devil fart.
As a result of the Star Wars deal, Galoob devoted more and more of its resources to that line, shifting money out of internal development, staking the company, in a sense, on this product whose existence depended utterly on staying in the good graces of Lucasfilm.
But there is no liberal "movement" like today's conservative movement, and no such thing as a liberal-movement journalist in the sense that Brock functioned as a conservative one.
Examples of words drawn into the Russian vocabulary by recent revolutionary developments are: mafia, miting mass meeting and its verb form mitingovat', and biznes and biznesmen in a non-pejorative sense.
In this sense, internal control is management control that is built into the entity as a
In fact, we're all one-worlders even in the old beads-and-sandals sense.
I don't mean drinking in the sense of taking in alcoholic beverages.
His company decided it made better financial sense to keep the CEO on board and pay off all the complainants.
To determine whether the mRNA contained the BTBD2 gene sequences directly upstream of the longest cDNA clone, RT-PCR was used with a sense primer complementary to the predicted start codon.
Moreover, the extent to which data generated by either SAGE or microSAGE are reproducible, in the sense of giving identical tag representation from duplicate samples, has not been thoroughly addressed.
In the long run, the impact of day trading on stock prices is negligible, and although the rise of the Net has facilitated day trading, in fact day trading as it's done at firms such as All-Tech and Momentum looks more like old investing than new investing, in this sense: The people who profit from day trading are not the day traders, but the firms that reap huge commissions from all the trading, just as old-line brokers tended to encourage people to trade to increase churn in their accounts and boost commissions.
Several of the federal agency representatives also indicated that a common structure or approach for public participation in rulemaking made sense.
As a result, vokzal gained the much wider sense `railway station.
The Times story illustrates the sense in which the military has lost perspective on personal relations (if it ever had it).
And in a sense, it's this failure to grasp the specificity of Kodak's present problems, this inability to separate Kodak's circumstances from Motorola's, that's characterized all Fisher's efforts over the past two years.
333: "In No Sense" 
Hypodermic led to the slang term hypo , and the association of needles with drug use gave rise to hype in the sense of "artificial stimulant," which is the direct ancestor of hype as employed in advertising and the communications media.
But space should be allowed for a memoir that may not be as accurate, in the smallest sense, as a daily newspaper.
It's the kind of instant de-homogenizing sensation you sometimes get in the subway, when you suddenly awaken to the fact that the dozen faces you've been staring vacantly at across the aisle from you belong to a dozen different moral universes--not just in the trivial sense that we all see the world differently, but in the distinctly nontrivial sense that people sitting right next to each other really can have nothing in common--and that you'll never know a single one.
Thus, for instance, we can readily understand retaining a definition for awful striking awe, but few would agree that that was either the dominant sense (or even a common sense) in the 1880s in America; yet no other definition is provided.
As punt is a Briticism for gamble, punter in the sense of gambler is a Briticism; there are many US equivalents, the most common being sucker .—Editor]
In retrospect, these data make sense from a biophysical perspective because, at the longer hybridization times, the mismatched duplexes will have dissociated due to their faster dissociation rates (Figure 3), leaving primarily the perfectly matched duplexes.
The adenovirus (AV) backbone for the aquaporin-1 (AQP1) sense and antisense AV constructs was a replication-deficient "first-generation" AV with deletions of the E1 and E3 genes [ 26 ] . This "empty" AV contains the cytomegalovirus (CMV) promoter and bovine growth hormone polyadenylation (bHG) site separated by a polylinker that was used to clone AQP1 DNA as described previously [ 27 ] . A recombinant AQP1 virus was constructed using a plasmid containing the coding sequence for AQP1, pCHIPev [ 28 ] . pCHIPev was digested and the AQP1 insert was subcloned into the shuttle vector pSKAC, creating pSKAC/AQP1.
Given that, more Net companies should think about forgoing the pleasure of getting big headlines after their first day of trading and choose instead to get a real sense of what the market thinks of them.
Quine describes the totality of our beliefs - from ordinary common sense claims to the laws of physics - as a web , and he thus speaks of the web of belief . [ 12 ] A web, e.g., a spider web, has an exterior edge or frame, and an interior, consisting of radii and connecting points.
I want to give the grand jurors a sense that they really are in the room with him."
A sense of what should be engaging the country more than all of this comes with a reading of today's WP editorial about the current situation in Serbia . Various diplomats are quoted claiming that Serbian troops under the command of Slobodan Milosevic have shot many ethnic Albanians in Kosovo, and through a scorched-earth policy are fixing to let many more--hundreds of thousands--starve to death.
Eszterhas is reminiscent of Playboy 's Hugh Hefner: They share the same exaggerated sense of importance, the same pontificating humorlessness about their ridiculous jobs.
The policy was overly suspicious and vituperative, but it also cultivated a sense of common purpose and team loyalty.
Instinctively, the path Blair Witch trod does seem to make more sense.
And what's perplexing about this, particularly in light of the Microsoft case, is that mergers often have an immediate anti-competitive impact, in the simplest sense that they reduce the number of players in a market.
The only poll that I've heard about that makes any sense, which may be the one the GOP is reading, is the ABC News survey (I think) saying that 69 percent of Americans would clear Clinton if he makes a clean breast of it.
"It makes logical sense to align ourselves with a major player in the industry.
Nor are the Russian banks that have just crashed really banks in the Western sense of the word.
Klein distilled his own emotional roller-coaster ride into an excellent novel, Primary Colors . Related to this sense of betrayal, which is shared in varying degrees by many others who covered Clinton in 1992, is the feeling that Clinton has "got away with it," in the sense of never paying the bill for his sexual misdeeds.
A general sense that everything is more than just a little bit out of control.
Kant analyzed the concept of beauty as implying purposiveness without any particular purpose, and Cornell's boxes have that kind of beauty, since they convey a sense of meaningfulness while resisting the assignment of any specific meaning.
His life is exemplary in the modern sense, not as a picture of virtue, or even as a struggle to live out some kind of personal truth, but rather as a question: How complicated can we allow people to be before we stop trusting them?
the judge's intimate belief, or deeply held sense, of what happened.
We have recently crossed an important cultural divide: Movies now make less sense than rock lyrics.
All the avant-garde artists included are actually academic, both in the sense of deriving their ideas about cultural difference from French literary critics and in the sense that they follow the dictates of others about what art should be.
But despite his excesses, Hoving was still in some sense a conventional-minded curator.
Steven E. Landsburg exhibited a rather alarming disregard for common sense in his recent article "Tax the Knickers Off Your Grandchildren."
"Not in the lots of big words sense, not in the complicated ideas that make your head hurt sense, not in the having to think about stuff so hard that it distracts you from shopping and later that night you have that little sexual problem again, not me personally but some other stupider people sense," he didn't add.
Ankara's preferred attitude towards its 12 million Kurds is to deny they exist, in an ethnic sense, by contending they are really something called 'Mountain Turks.
Chapter 3, Generalizations, treats with good sense methods that can be employed to avoid sexism in a wide variety of constructions.
[Second sense awkward staircase wit.
Neither fitter (in this sense) nor flugens appears in any readily available American dialect reference, nor do they appear to be related to German words of similar sound.
We've been looking for ways to build a sense of community among our majors, our faculty, and our graduates.
inches, while sense transfected controls had a mean of 0.69 sq.
An insect cell factor, polyhedrin promoter binding protein has been reported previously, capable of binding to AT rich DNA sequence [ 25 ] . However, the reported DNA binding activity was unusual in a sense that the activity was heat and salt concentration resistant.
3(SPB probe, S), tissue sections (NRL or PcIRL) reacted with the SP-B sense probe showed no hybridization signal.
[ 46 ] ) in a strict physical sense.
However, when considered as a whole, direct, non-redundant obligatory LIFR function in such diverse systems makes little evolutionary sense.
However, evolution of the GSH biosynthesis pathway in the forward direction makes considerable sense.
A method which has a better ROC curve, in this sense, will produce top lists with more differentially expressed genes (DEGs), fewer non-DEGs, and, consequently, will leave out fewer DEGs.
In a sense, Social Security makes retirement an attainable goal and thus can prompt individuals to plan for retirement.
5¢ would not make sense.
Today, a detailed map and portable sound-guides rented at the entrance (on the Via dei Fori Imperiali) will make sense of the apparent confusion and help you trace the layout of palaces, temples, and market halls.
It only makes sense to worry about the time it takes to put on a seat belt if it actually results in a delay in our progress.
..” [XVIII,4] refers to huevos in its slang sense, `balls,' not its literal sense, `eggs.
"There was a sense that the storm was occurring right in front of a nationwide audience, and it undermined once again the persistent naïve feeling ...
In more or less linear fashion, it tells the story of a violent thief, Porter (Mel Gibson), who, left for dead after a double-cross, re-emerges with an implacable determination to avenge himself on his ex-partner, Val (Gregg Henry), and reclaim some $70,000 that is rightfully his--rightfully in the sense that he's the one who actually stole it.
That strategy makes sense only if men are more price-sensitive than women and hence more likely to walk away in the face of a high markup.
But sector investing also tends to reward a successful corporation's competitors for that corporation's success, and in that sense seems not merely counterintuitive but downright perverse.
There's a sense of excitement when the governor and first lady, as the Bush aides refer to them, emerge against a Reaganesque backdrop, the porch of a picturesque farmhouse belonging to Bob and Shirley Lester.
"The Yankee Clipper, Joe DiMaggio, because of his grace under pressure and his unimpeachable sense of fair pl--What?
Greeting the news of her granddaughter's first menses, she blurts, "Mazel tov !" and then slaps the child--a tradition evidently meant to celebrate the beginning of reproductive life, while reinforcing a girl's sense of shame over the fact that she's now "unclean."
Thus creating, in the true sense of the term, a circular argument.
In fact, Annie is always slightly more disturbing than any other character is allowed to be, a sense of inexpressible rage hovering somewhere in the vicinity of her brightly upturned mouth.
But the lay reader can bypass the technical data embedded in the story of the painter who became totally colorblind following an accident (and a possible stroke), and ponder instead the near-mystical shift that occurred in someone formerly dependent on color who came to forget what color was, and to value his achromatopic perception without regret or sense of handicap.
The WP detects "a rising sense of helplessness" at the White House.
AIR , a non-coding imprinted antisense transcript, results in a failure to imprint several sense counterparts [ 5].
Far from being a voice of common sense, Q is a sophist who tries to make confused thinking look like common sense.
Many islanders have learned to regard the latest occupations with a sense of dry humor.
It said, "Those who died in the Bwindi Park have been, in a sense, the victims of past indifference of outsiders."
Unlike the 1980s, when the economy's leading figures often seemed to be people like Michael Milken and Boone Pickens, who were "speculators" in that classic populist sense of the word, the people who get the most attention and respect today are almost all businessmen who spend their time making things, not playing with other people's money: Bill Gates, Michael Dell, or whoever.
After allowing his soldiers three days of pillaging, he restored order, acting with considerable leniency and good sense.
See, this is the problem with reading yesterday's horoscope--it never makes any sense.
This type of behavior is an outcome of living in a bicultural and bilingual environment and serves to strengthen the in-group’s sense of cultural identity.
The PdL insert in this line was located in the large first intron of the encore gene [ 35], with the promoter oriented in the sense direction (Figure 3a).
Some mechanism was needed to make sense of it all.
To get a sense of the long-term implications of alternative national saving paths, we examined the economic outlook over the next 75 years under two different assumptions: (1) gross national saving remains constant at its 2000 share of GDP-18.
You get a sense of the dukes’ grandeur among the Renaissance palazzi of the Corso Ercole I d’Este, part of a 15th-century urban expansion, Addizione Erculea, that was one of the most ambitious pieces of town planning of its age.
And this sense of belonging made the food taste great.
After six months of study I have determined--through a ton of research and collaboration--that one of the key elements missing in the Microsoft culture is some sense of the hype, buzz, style, and attitude that are so key to success in the media and entertainment industries.
Which means that many accepted paper-and-pencil surveys have rendered a distorted sense of how people behave.
This area has a secluded sense of privacy; however, to date, it offers little in the way of dining, shopping, or nightlife outside the hotels.
In this regard, he argues, the American choice for a leveling democracy "makes abundant sense."
Here is a commonsense style book, useful to those who have the education and common sense to be in doubt about questions of English usage.
These activities have helped develop a sense of community that enabled everyone to endure and succeed, even in difficult times.
Big-name country artists have forsaken the form--not only for filthy lucre, but also because mainstream success helps them "lose the sense of inferiority they've had since Appomattox."
Nor is it evidence of a megalomaniac mayor with a puffed up sense of self-importance.
I wish I had more of a sense that other economists understand what is at stake.
While it's now well known that at least half of all mergers fail--in the sense that they destroy rather than create shareholder value--it's also become well known that certain companies are exceptionally good at integrating acquisitions into their existing operations.
Having written Taxi Driver (1976) and Hardcore (1979) and other vigilante pictures in which the underlying motives of the avenger are called into question, Schrader embraced the story of a vigilante who turns out to be dead wrong, driven mad by an increasing sense of his own impotence in a world that has left him behind.
King aside, what is most striking in current discussions of civil rights, race, and affirmative action is the absence of any sense of history.
FDR could do this not just because of his sense of noblesse oblige but because he had policies to propose that would rein in the rich.
It also appears to stir a sense of competition, if not competitive panic, among Bush's major contributors and fund-raisers.
If anything, what really conveys those values of convenience and frugality is the company's name, and in that sense the ads take advantage of one of buy.com's real strengths ("strength" here being entirely a relative term).
Constructs in this vector were linearized at appropriate restriction sites to allow the sythesis of digoxigenin-UTP labeled complementary RNA in the antisense or sense orientation (using T3 or T7 RNA polymerase, respectively; Boehringer, Indianapolis, IN).
The circonflexe , on the other hand, is really a sign of orthography , not pronunciation, being a reminder of a dropped s—it is usually there for historical reasons but connoting a reason which has long since ceased to make sense and which modern French speakers have probably been blithely unaware of.
He did inherit enough common sense to tell his son that buying property he would never live in was probably a bad mistake.
In a sense, you see it every year around Christmas, when people pay lip service to the idea of universal brotherhood but believe in their hearts that it's ridiculous, that truly loving people to whom you aren't related violates some law of nature.
Three antisense-transfected clones, which expressed progressively greater amounts of IDO antisense RNA were selected for further analysis together with a sense control (Fig 4D).
The most common American sense of in the bag is `completed, done, consummated,' and, while it ill behooves one to state categorically that `ruined, botched' is not a viable definition, I have never encountered the expression used in that sense on either side of the Atlantic.
Stamina (plural of stamen ), has been singular since the early 18th century when, like media, it developed a new sense.
It was even implied that considering dialects to be linguistically equal was a "pernicious threat to common sense, logic, science and our basic political freedoms."
For rabbit EP2: 5'-TCC TCC CGA AAA GAA AAG TGG-3' for sense and 5'-TGT TTA CCC CGT TTT ATC AGG-3' for antisense; for rabbit GAPDH: 5'-CGG AGC CAA AAG GGT CAT CAT-3' for sense and 5'-TTT CTC CAG GCG GCA GGT CAG-3' for antisense.
Does it make sense for each state to be deciding that question all over again--either agreeing, in which case the effort is redundant, or disagreeing, in which case the result is a toaster that is legal in Ohio but illegal in Kentucky?
' Heaths and heather are indeed finely leaved plants which in a sense are bristly, but their botanical name ( Erica for heath, Calluna for heather) reflect the properties of their stems.
** Though Gore does have an ironic, Boomerish sense of humor, he shows so little of it to the public that he might as well not have one.
"Just let them argue that their [merger] plan makes sense," Maxim Thorne, the office's deputy director, said of the higher-level legal aid officials. "
Unfortunately, even as I write this down, it still doesn't really make sense.
In such cases, the term may be used in a descriptive sense to indicate that something is less intense than its nonlight counterpart.
In those days, the notion of the Algarve as a distinct entity did make some sense: like an island, it was cut off to the south and west by the Atlantic, to the east by the Guadiana River, and to the north by the mountains.
Sound citation analysis is, like good definition-writing, a rare gift, and requires, besides diligence, broad experience and a firm sense of the idiom of the language: Sprachgefühl . Fortunately, the editors of TBDNE have this in abundance, and the resulting excellence is manifest on every page.
I didn't like the first issue of Talk at all; whatever you feel about Tina Brown (and I admired much of her work at Vanity Fair and the New Yorker ) she's clearly lost any sense of vision.
I am not sure that his Spanish here, any more than in the first novel, is faulty at all, except for incorrect written accents, in the sense that Mexicans would never say what he has them saying.
In each experiment, tissues hybridized with the sense probe were used as the negative control.
old saws: that hard science must be boring and that feminists have no sense of humor."
We hypothesized that as a consequence of the automation of the UniGene build procedure, unannotated antisense transcripts might be found co-clustered with their sense counterparts.
He ruled that the proper meaning of the word in the Companies Securities (Insider Dealing) Act 1985 connoted active conduct in the sense of seeking out information.
Thus creating, in the true sense of the term, a circular argument.
When inserts were coated with Matrigel, no significant migration was seen in either antisense or sense transfectants, indicating that cell motility could be inhibited by supplying an extracellular matrix.

Many of us got our first sense of that term reading about the Left Bank--Sartre and de Beauvoir and Camus in dark sweaters and a haze of Gaulloises, quaffing rough red wine and arguing about Algeria and the Absolute--or the slightly less outre Partisan
That is, in almost no sense whatever.
There’s also a sense of patriotism and national pride here even among the young — perhaps brought about by political upheavals in the late 20th century.
A high sense of integrity took the place of what Clive called “fighting, chicanery, intrigues, politics, and Lord knows what. ”
Much of the power of his bilious attacks comes from a righteous Christian sense of sin.
Jazz musicians also experimented with several mood-altering substances, and this also plays into a sense of "feeling groovy."
"We didn't really include the Anne Tyler crack," they would have added, if they had a sense of humor and, you know, added things.
The chairman of a congressional committee who calls upon "the gentle lady from Arkasota," while thinking, "you dumb hillbilly bitch," is polite but not civil in my sense.
For experiment vectors, a quantitative sense of the distribution of θ can be obtained by examining a collection of diverse transcription profiles.
Heritability, in the broad sense, is theproportion of total phenotypic variance attributable to geneticfactors.
By comparison, at the end of the day , with the sense of "when all is said and done" or "eventually" or "in the fullness of time," has a shapeliness and finality about it.
We certainly don't intend to be a magazine of fashion, either in the sense of being about clothing or in the sense of following the fashion in general matters.
Such seems to be the curious strategy of the world auto industry in the late 1990s, as it grapples with prices that are actually declining, demand that's stagnant, and production capacity that, against all good sense, just keeps getting bigger.
While at one time the sense of penis was relatively far down the awareness scale of those who had occasion to refer to cocks (as male birds), its sense of penis has increased in frequency and awareness level in recent years.
Also, the stories fail to establish any sense of context that would justify concerns over the differences in scores they report.
Coach in the artistic or sports sense is an abstraction of the vehicle sense; for as the OED explains, an instructor was thought to convey his students toward mastery.
Several objects in the show reflect a dry sense of humor.
Son of a gun probably is not nautical, and “the midship gun” used in the explanation doesn't make sense.
The term's proximate origin remains obscure--some analysts have suggested an association with the world of sport or finance, where activities are indeed governed by an actual daily cycle and where a metaphoric sense could easily have arisen out of the literal one.
It is a pity that the author (and his publishers) had not enough good sense to submit a draft of the “dictionary’ to one or several Yiddish scholars for scrutiny and criticism.
Even in 1968, though, I had long realized—without thinking the matter through so thoroughly as I did for the paper—that academic study is not serious in the same sense that farming, mining, weaving, and child-rearing are.
If you are a student of linguistics (in any sense of the term), you might find it convenient to have this book to save your running to the multivolume encyclopedia or the original text (if you have it) in order to see what B. F. Skinner and Noam Chomsky were on about.
For 26 of these 33 candidates, both sense and antisense transcription was detected in the same tissue.
An unclear sense-development of this word is mapped out in the OED , but it seems to concede that the modern sense of lavatory originated at the start of this century: the (British) Army and Navy Stores catalogue of 1926 lists a lavatory paper-holder as one of its items, but it was probably earlier: The Illustrated London News reported in 1860 that each ward of the new Florence Nightingale School of Nursing had its own bathroom, lavatories and closet.
And my sixth sense tells me that it won't stop there.
The bullies in his class sense this and pounce, like hyenas on a limping gazelle.
Although the Yukawa ads are startling, they make sense in the context of the Japanese veneration of what scholar Ivan Morris famously called "the nobility of failure," as well as what Moore calls "their emphasis on culpability and accountability."
But I tested the two phrases on a New Mexico Hispanic of about the same type as the clerk in the book and confirmed that por , not para , is not only the correct word but also the usual word in Spanish meaning for in the sense of in payment of.
There is no public institution in America that works harder to forge a sense of belonging than the suburban public high school.
In evolutionary terms, this makes sense.
In a bipolar world, that calculation made sense: At best, Microsoft would get to run its business as usual, and at worst, rather than surrender prematurely, the company would be ordered by the judge to change some of its practices.
Ministering to their sense of irony and their sense of insecurity at the same time, she was the perfect campy connoisseur of propriety for a tie-dyed generation now into ties.
Although Dr. Spritzer's reluctance to get enmeshed in Adele August's life is presented in both book and movie as entirely rational, given Adele's extreme neediness, both emotional and financial--Ann can't wait to be old enough to leave home--there is also the sense, in both the book and the movie, that Dr. Spritzer is a little bit of a jerk.
The hero, in a sense, is the company doctor, who helps Vincent realize his dreams of becoming an astronaut in order to spite the biotech-state (the doctor's own eugenically planned son "didn't turn out the way they promised").
I was impatient with The Straight Story 's opening--the arty dissolves, the crawling pace, the sense of stasis.
Coarse has undergone a thorough pejoration; once it began to be used for people, in the sense of `unrefined' or `indelicate,' full stigmatization was probably guaranteed.
Though there is disagreement on the subject, good sense and good taste would seem to dictate that this perfectly normal function can be carried out in public with as little obviousness as is feasible.
2) Flatter management structures diminish the sweet sense of victory that used to come from reaching the top.
(You don't even get a sense that the rest of the world uses e-mail.)
Time and time again the dry Sussex sense of humor breaks through.
Not surprisingly, this self-contained region engendered a stalwart sense of self-reliance and independence in its inhabitants.
In fact, the provision of one example for each sense group within an entry is an innovative and pragmatically satisfactory way of hinting at the possibility and permissibility of collocation with other words a writer, whose native language is not English, may have in mind at the moment of consultation.
In a sense, individual accounts could serve as a way to channel saving through the government into resources for private investment while avoiding issues associated with government ownership of nonfederal assets.
Clearly I have no answers, but a suggestion: Look at the global picture and step down from ideological and judgmental postures onto the plane of common sense and compassion.
But once I identified the bird, the drawings in bird books and my own sense of order arranged the image, and made it clearer to me, and I never forgot it.
To begin with, the purported contrast between the blinkered maxims of economic theory and the penetrating insights of Kuttner's common sense is a fraud.
Bronstein, perhaps out of a Jewish sense of irony, provided the exception to prove the rule by borrowing the surname of an Odessa jailer, Trotsky.
"It's going to be a cultural magazine, but not in the gray sense, not in the review sense."
Though the maps are disconcerting at first glance, one easily learns to translate the state boundaries and make sense of the regional patterns.
Which leads to a second reaction: The reporting, if one defines reporting in its smallest-bore sense, is sometimes breathtaking.
Only the latter deserves to be called 'synchronization' in the physical sense - see also Footnote 2. Answers can be found (i) by looking at the variability of both signals and (ii) by constructing appropriate bivariate surrogate data which preserve essential univariate properties of the original data but lack typical traces of phase coupling.
Not nothing in the personal sense, of course.
In that sense, the fact that Planet Hollywood won't just die testifies to two things: the continued strength of inertia in American business and the continued distance between the interests of corporate managers and corporate shareholders.
It's hard to deny that this pride is, in some sense, a good thing.
We found that microSAGE data, as previously shown for conventional SAGE data [ 2 ] , are highly accurate in the sense that they reflect known tissue and developmental gene-expression profiles.
Titian’s Pietà, a vibrant last work completed by pupil Palma il Giovane, was originally intended for his tomb in the Frari church (see page 131); Veronese’s Feast in the House of Levi was meant to be the Last Supper, until the Holy Inquisition complained about its “buffoons, drunkards, dwarfs, Germans, and similar vulgarities”; Tintoretto gives full play to his dark sense of drama in the Miracle of St. Mark.
His sense was that the field would benefit from starting in the practice setting to learn how interventions work in real-world clinical settings.
What is odd is that the Clinton administration, spin-happy as it is, doesn't seem to have any sense of which kinds of spin are effective and which only make matters worse.
Where is your sense of humor?
But something real has got to change before all this talk about a suddenly fragile economy will make any sense.
It's just common sense that same sex doesn't automatically mean no harassment, but the reporting on the decision makes it clear that the legalities have been murky.
Goldstone finally decided a settlement didn't make fiscal sense and that he'll continue to manufacture cigarettes until tobacco itself is illegal.
The sense primers for amplification of truncated BTBD2 fragments were: U1 (504-525aa) 5'-GACCCCGGGCTACGCGGCCGGGAACAACAATG-3', U2 (460-525aa) 5'-GACCCCGGGGGTGCTGCCCAACGTCAACTACAC-3', U3 (404-525aa) 5'-GACCCCGGGCGTGGTGGGATTTGGGCTGTATGG-3', U4 (289-525aa) 5'-GACCCCGGGCCGCTGGTCCGAGGCCGAGTGTC-3'.
However, many mental-health professionals argue that a dimensional model makes more sense and would more closely mirror the real world.
And if politicians believe that an election is "rigged," in the sense that the favorite will probably win regardless of expenditures, they'll buy fewer campaign commercials.
The sense primer sequences are as follows: BTBD1: U1 (395-482aa) 5'-GACCCCGGGGAATGATACCGGCTTTAGTTGTGA-3', U2 (342-482aa) 5'-GACCCCGGGCTGGGGTTACAGTGGGACGAGT-3', U3 (213-482aa) 5'-GACCCCGGGAAGTGCAGAAGGGTTTACT-3', U4 (303-482aa) 5'-GACCCCGGGAAACCTCTTTCTTCATTTTACTGT-3', The same antisense primer was used for all amplifications: 5'-CGGAATTCTTTGTGGCCATTTATGTTTTTGAC-3'.
As mentioned previously, heritability,in the broad sense, is the proportion of total phenotypic varianceattributable to genetic factors.
All of them owe their sky-high poll ratings to the economy and a few ounces of good sense.
But if you subscribe to the "Daily Me," this arrangement makes no sense, because every Me is different.
The president and Congress can take credit for giving people "rights," then leave the actual work of making sense of those rights to the courts.
Such exposure may not always be flattering, but it does let the voter sense the man behind the slogan.
Early introduction to this topic in a student's career helps produce an informed and caring practitioner who has a strong sense of community service and the needs of underserved populations.
Tudjman awakened and fanned Croats' sense of aggrievement.
But by the end, the performance makes sense: It's as if she's scything her way home through a thicket of her own unmanageable emotions--and she gets there.
The U.S. government took the threat seriously, but not in the sense of mustering anything like the kind of effort that would be gathered to confront an enemy of the first, second, or even third rank.
But by doing so without notice, they're catching people breaking rules that the community had, in a sense, decided didn't need to be enforced.
Oberon's famous barbed greeting "Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania," makes little sense when Titania (Michelle Pfeiffer) sits glowering behind a curtain.
James urged us to think of true beliefs as those that point to successful actions, most of which result (in the sense of pragmatism's coiner, Charles Sander Peirce) from a convergence of belief among our "community of inquirers."
TV ads are dumb, both in the sense that they tend to be crudely demagogic appeals, and because they can't target segments of the electorate with any degree of accuracy.
For such people, then and now, a sense of place and community is not merely the most sustaining fact of daily life, it is the most dignifying.
If Viacom were using its Nickelodeon-induced expertise in appealing to the 9-year-olds market to sell children's books better, or taking what it's learned from MTV to make readers out of disgruntled teen-agers, the idea of synergy would make more sense.
To make sense of that theory, you have to ask why dry cleaners would want to discriminate specifically against women, as opposed to, say, men.
The spot makes sense either way.
4) Three million dollars for a baseball makes sense because players are beginning to get $100 million contracts.
In one sense, this is the full flowering of the death of the studio system and the triumph of purely speculative capitalism.
However, all six lines were found to have PdL insertions at the 5' end of a gene and oriented in the sense direction, and in all six lines a transcript was overexpressed that was expected to contain a complete ORF.
Sense oligonucleotides did not have an effect on cCAF-induced TN or FN production.
Richard Ferris kissed the right hand of Hillary Clinton, who was not an official exhibit at the fair but was, rather, a visitor, in the sense that someone working the crowd for money and votes is visiting.
Several of these changes are maladaptive in the sense that they contribute to the generation of the abnormal sensations that constitute neuropathic pain, by producing ectopic spontaneous activity into the CNS, altering synaptic drive, increasing excitability and diminishing inhibitory action in the dorsal horn of the spinal cord, and by making novel synaptic contacts with inappropriate neurons [ 1 4 ] . A number of the injury-regulated genes we describe here may contribute directly to this altered sensory processing; CB1 receptor, VGF, the phospholemman ion channel, SNAP25 A, endothelin-1 and the ligand-gated 5-HT3 receptor (Table 4, see additional file 3).
But many of our problems--particularly education, crime, and welfare dependence--are yielding to good sense and strength and idealism."
In this instance, the biologist must determine some amount of adverse effect that is deemed to be "safe", in the sense that from a practical biological viewpoint it will not affect the normal propagation of fish and other aquatic life in receiving waters.
His poetry makes little sense in conjunction with anyone else's.
The stuff was classic in the best sense, lacking quirkiness and full of internal harmony even when it was daring, always both beautiful and personal.
It is also possible that my general grouchiness on the subject of the Internet has to do with the fact that I've expended a lot of energy these past few years claiming that the valuations of Internet stocks make no sense, and that, in general, what I've come to think of as the Internet stock market--people using the Internet to "learn" about Internet stocks, when they then trade via an Internet site--is insane.
 and pabAb are homologs of trpAa and trpAb , and the distribution of fusions involving these domains are also listed in Table 3to give a general sense of the frequencies of such gene fusions.
Moreover, I became persuaded that society's reluctance to come down on such persons for minor incivilities and offenses, in one sense, trapped these people--especially young persons--into believing that there were no consequences for anything.
L 1 in the literal sense; without metaphor or exaggeration 2 with exact equivalence; verbatim < follow the instructions ˜ > 3 — used to intensify a metaphorical or hyperbolic expression < she was ˜ — tearing her hair out >; disapproved of by some speakers
Nevertheless, even Preuss was pessimistic that such an outcome would occur since "[c]ommon sense and the ability to see all sides are qualities as plentiful in the Balkans, unfortunately, as they are in the Middle East " In an exclusive interview with Canada's Globe and Mail , Chinese Prime Minister Zhu Rongji, who is due to arrive in the United States Tuesday, said, in regard to the Kosovo conflict, that while China respects human rights, "we do not think that we can possibly disregard the sovereignty of a country in the world.
(Even a die-hard Ionian might think that our moral sense evolved to grasp a logic of morality that is outside our minds in the same sense that our number sense evolved to grasp mathematical truths that are outside our minds.)
Those that are on the ropes for this revision, include fuck-plug a contraceptive diaphragm, with a single example from a college student in 1984, a term not subsequently found despite wide questioning and extensive database searching; fuck 5.b. to trifle or interfere with (that is, the usual sense of fuck with , but without the with), found in a single example from a movie; and friggin in the rigging , a nautical expression for loafing on duty, which is too uninteresting a figurative sense even if it does have some currency beyond the single oral example we have found.
In a sense, though, what's most striking about the WTO case is not that Kodak lost, but that it put so much energy into winning.
Despite Giuliani's interest the idea went nowhere since, Hayes says, it "created a grave sense of panic, at least in the coalition, because it was seen as undermining the ultimate entitlement to shelter."
--the replacement of "Sammy Glick" with "Tracy Flick" gives the game away--but told in a way that makes more (or more modern) sense: Its hero--unlike Budd Schulberg's--doesn't remain the voice of moral authority; his envy, self-hatred, and displaced lust makes him self-destruct in spectacular fashion.
In his awkward novel, Rosen captures two awkward, important truths about anorexia: that its peculiar logic is not just tragic but comic, and that despite the fascination it holds for those who suffer from it, and for those who seek to make sense of it, anorexia is in fact quite boring.
"What I try to do, so I can get enough trial time and so that the jurors are used in a way that makes sense to them, is start trial by 10:30 in the morning," Zelon said. "
Prudie wants you to immediately regain your sense of humor and be grateful that your pal stepped in before any, uh, harm was done.
In fact, it makes perfect sense for discount airlines to be less safe than traditional full-price carriers.
But in another sense his feminist credentials look better than ever.
Here, however, was an example of Thai efforts in the same direction and, as a long-term resident here, I am pleased to note that it is grammatically irreproachable and makes some sort of sense!
Of course, the interesting detail--interesting in the sense of causing shrieking head pain--is not the trivial poop that's included (the deaths of Linda McCartney, Mark McGwire, and Sammy Sosa due to an overdose of Viagra, if I read correctly--and I don't) but what's excluded.
We're so accustomed to spin that common sense sounds like treason.)
I've always found his films ( Dance With a Stranger , The Good Father , Four Weddings and a Funeral ) a little obvious, but his work here has an authentic sense of place.
And what he has done right is something big and important: He has absolutely captured what Silicon Valley is like at this moment in history--how crazy it is, how the old rules have been turned upside down, how it is filled with the sense that anything is possible, and that everyone will soon be rich, if they aren't already.
Location is more difficult, because its sense history in American English is complex; but in the Australian usage of the 1788-1838 period it meant either an allocation or grant of land or the act of establishing a settler in a place, in which case it was synonymous with settlement, as in the country will shortly be thrown open to general location.
In general, genome-length RNAs of both positive and negative sense could, therefore, be potential targets for RNA interference, resulting in severe inhibition of replication.
When OPEC raised its prices far above its production costs, it made sense to develop fields that previously had been too expensive.
Ray obviously has a great sense of humor, thanking Starr Monday for his "extraordinary service to the country at great personal sacrifice over the past five years."
With Bush one gets the sense that a lot of politics is personal.
But, except in the highly attenuated sense that Saunders was boosting the ratings of radio stations that were playing LaVerne Baker and Little Richard and the Cadillacs and the Coasters, she wasn't really putting money into these groups' pockets (or, as was more often the case, these groups' record labels' pockets)--as she would have been doing had she bought their records after hearing them on the radio.
The release of the latest batch of Nixon tapes shows that death has not softened the old anti-Semite, except in the sense that he's dead.
When you tried to help herGet out of the car or get from the car to the doorOr across the apartment house hall to the elevatorThere was a new sense of heavinessOr of inertia in the body.
(Students, of course, are in some sense a captive market, forced to buy the books their professors assign.
THE EMPLOYMENT OF GOOD SENSE IN CLOTHING
Effective communications should occur in a broad sense with information flowing down, across, and up the organization.
The world, at least in the economic sense, is just a much bigger and more profitable place.
Put another way--micropayments make sense only when they match the fundamental economics of the product or service better than other ways of charging.
We are not required to comply with GPRA, but we believe that its requirements make good business sense.
brought on by computers, by planetary electronic exchanges, by 'cyber-space' and (soon) 'virtual reality,' " as Steiner puts it in his introduction, has all but brought this particular sense of presence to extinction.
The logic here is that while the first number gives a sense of the availability of opera as whole, the second number gives a sense of whether new work is being added to the standard repertoire.
It would seem that good control over clichés, especially, is coordinate with a speaker's grasp of the idiom (in the sense of `spirit') of the language.
It is derived from the French word privé and the Latin privatus , both meaning private, and this is the specific sense in which the word entered the English language.
Labeled antisense primer (200 ng) and 200 ng unlabeled sense strand primer (or vice versa) were used in each 50.
Postal Service and in that sense it is an upper bound.
Fallen is essentially a variant of the vampire genre, and there has never been a vampire movie that made any sense at all.
The higher he rises, the more she uses the role of spouse (and some apparent sense, within the marriage, that he owes her) to bring her own agenda to the fore.
That description is more bitter than anything in the film, but it does suggest how Farrelly kept life among the urban unwashed from crushing his soul: He cultivated a caustic sense of humor.
This sobering news served a vital purposeit created a sense of urgency surrounding the need to change and helped the CFO rally the organizational support needed to institute a comprehensive reengineering initiative
He was chatting with a friend about Chinese food, and in the course of the conversation he remarked that the words won ton (a Chinese dumpling used as an ingredient in a soup of the same name) “made perhaps even more sense if they were read backward.”
In a business sense, the deal may make all these Condé Nast magazines less beholden to any single advertiser, which in turn will allow the company to drive harder bargains.
Cut to a chariot race through the city that out- Ben Hur s Ben Hur , after which the victor, Moses, goads his brother Ramses on to ever more high-spirited antics: "Oh, come on Ramses, where's your sense of fun?"
AS YOU CAN SEE, INVESTING IN UNITED WAY OF CENTRAL INDIANA MAKES GOOD BUSINESS SENSE.
It may be worth noting here that Martin Luther used the word Jungfrau to translate `almah , bethulah , and parthenos . Jungfrau , although referring almost exclusively to `virgin' in present-day German, has the literal root sense of `young woman,' or `young wife.
Much as the one tangible consequence of Jimmy Carter's famous "malaise" speech, in 1979, was that it taught millions of Americans a new French word (which Carter in his speech in fact never uttered; the word was picked up from pre-speech "spinning" by Carter's political adviser, Patrick Caddell), so too a consequence of the Thompson committee hearings has been to give wide currency to the term soft money , in the sense of "money that can be collected for use in political campaigns but which enjoys an existence outside the rules, the oversight, and the control of the Federal Election Commission."
It also reflects the fact that the islands are the subject here, in both the literary and the clinical sense of the word, and that disease, flora, and topography are all essential and inseparable constituents of their dossier.
It has stu-freakin'-pendous special effects, hipster sang-froid out the wazoo and a story line that makes only as much sense as it has to" (Michael O'Sullivan, the Washington Post ). A grudgingly appreciative Janet Maslin says that at its best the movie brings "Hong Kong action style home to audiences in a mainstream American adventure with big prospects as a cult classic and with the future very much in mind" (the New York Times ). Others criticize the convoluted story line and call it strictly genre and strictly for "guys in their teens and 20s, for whom the script's pretentious mumbo-jumbo of undergraduate mythology, religious mysticism and technobabble could even be a plus rather than a dramatic liability" (Todd McCarthy, Daily Variety ). (To see the trailer and some fine Keanu pics, visit this fan site; check out David Edelstein's in Slate .)
In the course of our lengthy telephone conversations I could not detect a sense of informed literacy about Yiddish as a language.
Two studies involving hepatitis A virus (single-stranded positive sense RNA genome) and rotavirus (double-stranded RNA genome), showed their PCR assays to be inhibited by UV inactivation of the viruses [ 28 29 ] . Conversely, Ma et al showed no effect of UV on a PCR assay when they irradiated poliovirus (single-stranded positive sense RNA genome) [ 30 ] . In this study, we present an extremely sensitive PCR based assay to detect airborne rhinovirus and demonstrate the effect of ultraviolet irradiation on the assay.
The timing of that show, mounted just seven years after Soutine's death, was in one sense perfect and in another highly problematic.
Sense is slippery.
In that sense, despite Geffen's marketing efforts, Larson is straightforwardly Broadway.
Webster's New World gives this: meaningless syllables that seem to make sense; gibberish.
Double-strand RNA (dsRNA) formed by hybridization of sense and antisense sequences is thought to initiate a pathway in which homologous RNA sequences are destroyed.
And, basset people, like me, want dogs that have the good sense not to do any of those things.
(Even a die-hard Ionian might think that our moral sense evolved to grasp a logic of morality that is outside our minds in the same sense that our number sense evolved to grasp mathematical truths that are outside our minds.)
Despite radical changes to the story line, critics note that both the score and the ballet's sense of magical fantasy remain virtually unchanged.
This requires the integration of transcriptomic, proteomic, phenomic, and bioinformatic approaches, not least because development, in its most basic sense, is genes plus context [ 19 20 21 22 ] .
Thus the gnawing sense of being "out of it" that surfaces among the ordinary people Faludi interviewed, the fear of falling behind.
Wartime excitement fostered the sense that the Brave Boys deserved a thrill before they marched away, and the truly patriotic bathing suit had to deliver some instant courage to the allied troops.
Only in one, highly qualified sense can they be said to be best; that is in classifying this data set there are no other gene sets which offer a statistically significant improvement in classification accuracy.
The RATPase6F-T7 adapter and SP-BF-T7 adapter PCR products were used as templates for in vitro transcription to produce antisense riboprobes, and the SP6 adapter-RATPase6R or SP6 adapter-SP-BR PCR PCR products were used to make sense probes.
But it's also true that had she been wearing, in the name of Good Sense, elaborate running shoes--with their ridiculous thickness and multiform brightness--they would have struck the eye as equally attractive and equally absurd.
The movie says that getting high all the time can rot your brain and even kill you, but it's not above going for Cheech & Chong-style laughs or blithely wallowing in the sense of community that drugs can instill.
Clinton wagered, as he put it a week ago, "that we could raise the price to a point where it would no longer make any sense for [Milosevic] to go on, and where he could no longer maintain his position if he did."
Australian pidgin acquired a second negative, borak , used as an alternative to baal or in a figurative sense for humbug, nonsense, or rubbish, from Wathawurung, whence came also an exclamation merrygig well done and coolie , a derogatory term for a person who partnered an Aboriginal woman.
But other suggestions make sense.
On the other hand, She taught him everything she knows and He taught her everything he knows, though improbable, could make sense.
As a footnote, and in illustration of the sense of Aboriginal humor which might have misled Cook, consider the Victorian Aboriginal word moomba , used since 1955 as the name of a Melbourne carnival and freely translated let's get together and have fun.
In interviews I've done with female nurses and mental-health workers, for instance, I've found the same sense of craft, and the same feeling that the short-term cost-cutting of the medical business leaves them no room to realize their own inner potential.
Don't Pat Buchanan's fans think he's simply talking "horse sense"?
Of course, in some sense Dunlap must think that growth is important, because otherwise he wouldn't have spent billions of dollars to buy Coleman and First Alert and Signature Brands.
Another part of the answer--one that Kindleberger suggested two decades ago--is that to introduce global financial markets into a world of merely national monetary authorities is, in a very real sense, to walk a tightrope without a net.
Galindo’s studies of Chicana prisoners show the social importance of caló in conveying a “sense of intimacy and camaraderie between women who shared similar life experiences and acquaintances” (1993, 34).
It usually makes sense to imply a bit too much precision rather than too little (thus providing more information about the point estimate), but we should stop at the minimum level of over-precision possible (2.
Alex Berlyne, in Front Back-axle [XIX, 3, 29], finds it beyond understanding how the Hebrew word pony (which he believes to be borrowed from ponytail ) has come to stand for fringe or bangs in the sense of hair combed forward over the forehead.
When Henry Blodget, who was then at CIBC Oppenheimer, said that Amazon's shares would hit $400 within the year (he was right), it catapulted him into national attention and, in some sense, probably got him his new job at Merrill Lynch.
There needs to be a sense of urgency in order to make the investment, commitment, and ultimately change the model.
W lists the “date of the earliest recorded use in English ...of the sense which the date precedes.”
Both words mean a cleansing, in a medical and in a spiritual sense.
Sense and Inessentiality
The call for solidarity reaches beyond the issue at hand to tap a deeper sense of ethnic and cultural identification.
Crime, and a broad sense of civic disorder, probably had more to do with Dinkins' defeat than spending did.
One had the sense of tripsArranged, committees, concerts, baffled courage
Critics napalm the summer's second Earth-meets-asteroid movie, "an assault on the eyes, the ears, the brain, common sense and the human desire to be entertained" (Roger Ebert, the Chicago Sun-Times ). The Washington Post 's Stephen Hunter finds it "so predictable it could have been written by a chimp."
.., [RP] echoes the rather old-fashioned sense of `received' as meaning `generally accepted' as in the terms `received opinion' and `received wisdom,' especially by those who are qualified to know.
Beyond these groupings, the tree appeared conservative in the sense that the unassigned bacterial species formed separate branches near the root of the bacterial subtree.
The specific primer sequences were BMP-5 sense, 5'-TTATGCAAAAGGAGGCTTGG-3' and BMP-5 antisense, 5'-TCATGACCATGTCAGCATCA-3'.
Often the literature about adobe also mentions the sense of continuity with the earth one feels when living in an adobe home.
To mystify solvers even more, puzzlers may use words in an uncommon but perfectly legitimate sense, especially by attributing to certain words ending in -er the quality of agent noun.
Anyone who claims to fully understand the economic disaster that has overtaken Asia proves, by that very certainty, that he . The truth is that we have never seen anything quite like this, and that everyone--from the country doctors at the International Monetary Fund and the Treasury Department who must prescribe economic medicine to those of us who have the luxury of irresponsibility--is groping frantically for models and metaphors to make sense of this thing.
If the purpose is to report what is happening in a descriptive sense only, short site visits together with administrative records may provide adequate bases for findings.
The VEGF mRNA signal is apparent as a dark stain (panel A), and may be compared to the sense control (panel B) which shows no non-specific binding in the same muscle region.
A new sense of identity enveloped Greek peoples throughout the Aegean, thus commencing a movement to expand Greece and unify the disparate Orthodox populations.
If group preferences are wrong in principle, as these opponents maintain, none of their exceptions makes much sense.
Before I tell you more about that remarkable woman in Pensacola, however - a woman named Wanda Rudolph whose love, compassion and sense of generosity ought to be an example to everyone -I want to tell you just a little bit about what every mother trying to go it alone with her children on a marginal (or worse) income is facing.
Such is the case with closure , in the sense of bringing an emotional process to its natural conclusion.
He had a new sense of spirit, a Reagan/Kemp tax cut.
But as long as we're dealing in stereotypes, you could argue equally well that women are more willing to do their own laundry--in which case women would be more likely to walk away from a high price, and it would make more sense to discriminate against men.
Built in 1897, it was certainly erected by someone with a playful sense of what might best evoke merry old England.
French seemed to bear this out with sourcil eyebrow, paupière eyelid, and cil eyelash, although the literal sense of sourcil (upper lash) seemed not too appropriate.
In such usage the plural definit article seems to imply a sense of solidarity, of togetherness, of addressing not just any or all boys or kids or whatever but of specifying a particular group.
Poe, for example, used repetition in his poem The Bells to convey to the reader a sense of actually hearing the tolling of the bells, as though the sounds themselves were imprinted on the page.
Traditional scholars respond that, while the Bible may have a shaky sense of chronology, to dismiss the text entirely is irresponsible.
My Anderson frenzy might make sense if I were, say, a compulsive gambler who'd pawned his fiancee's engagement ring to wager against Kentucky.
Its scientists have made computers that imitate touch and sense emotion in human voices.
In that respect, some participants felt that FASB is marching toward a "fair value" path and cautioned that the fair value reporting model is not always good and needs to be used only where it really makes sense.
Morality comes from the sense of empathy and the internalized standards that allow people to live harmoniously in groups.
Not because discussing them in public might violate the rules but because making proffers public seldom makes tactical sense . In discussing Lewinsky's proffer, Ginsburg suggests that Lewinsky either has already lied or will do so in the future for the right deal.
The words "a sense of closure" have by now been uttered so often on camera--along with the companion phrase "the healing process," which is what observers hope will occur after the scab of closure has formed--that they have joined the off-the-rack vocabulary of stock phrases that ordinary Americans can pick from when a camera appears in front of them.
Berlin showed its sense of the times with its mastery of film, the 20th-century art form.
A humorless sense of moral superiority is de rigueur , fostered by the belief that those of us who go out and stomp the natural world under our Vibram soles are healing Gaea while the rest of the world is tearing her down.
All the avant-garde artists included are actually academic, both in the sense of deriving their ideas about cultural difference from French literary critics and in the sense that they follow the dictates of others about what art should be.
Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) belongs to the Pneumovirinae subfamily of the Paramyxovirodae family of enveloped single-stranded negative sense RNA viruses.
Listening to this wasn't enjoyable in any conventional sense, or in any sense for that matter.
The hypothesis that a protein's rate of evolution is determined by the fraction of residues that are critical to its function, and this, in turn, is likely to be proportional to the number of interactions a protein is involved in, seems to make perfectly good sense.
In a sense, the readers said it themselves.
But more and more of these disengaged bits of audio expressionism are floating around us, daring us to make sense of them.
What is truly optimistic about the Net is the sense of ratios.
"Not in the lots of big words sense, not in the complicated ideas that make your head hurt sense, not in the having to think about stuff so hard that it distracts you from shopping and later that night you have that little sexual problem again, not me personally but some other stupider people sense," he didn't add.
"I don't begin this mission with any sense of entitlement.
Although the modern slang hickey means a ` “suction” kiss that leaves a mark,' and not, thank God, as CDS has it, “raises a blister,” its original meaning was `skin blemish,' and cosmetic makers in the US in the 1930s regularly used the word in their advertising (often with the implied sense `pimple').
His fears make sense in the world of words, but they are not justified by the reality young adults face today.
Living it through, giving it order and style.And one had the sense of the late marriage as ofTwo bafflements inventing the sense they made Together.
To estimate the number of 5' versus 3' reads, we examined the 4,198 ESTs with detectable homology on either sense or antisense strands at time of submission (BLASTX search versus the SWIR non-redundant protein database, Sanger Centre).
The experience gave Arrigan and Quinn a sense of higher purpose, and what else do you need to know?
In this sense it dates from the 1870s, and, of the several conjectural etymologies, those that link it with the Spanish vaquero or the English Jacky Raw seem at least possible.
And while we might well ask ESPN, "Wouldn't it make more sense to show three great international matches a week instead of six hours of SportsCenter reruns?," it costs ESPN nothing to run the SportsCenter reruns, while buying the rights to international matches--which are, in any case, mostly controlled by Murdoch--wouldn't necessarily come cheap.
But I think that McCain's less ambitious, piecemeal approach makes much more sense than Bradley's comprehensive one.
But, even if Clinton were to parcel the existing programs out to other departments without appreciably reducing their cost, it would still make political sense to dump DOE.
We're trying to make sense out of something that will never make sense.
Jeffrey Steingarten will be writing monthly on food ("In the Soup"), Anne Hollander on fashion ("Clothes Sense"), and Margaret Talbot on "Men and Women."
All one needs is a sense of history that exceeds one's lifetime.
According to Division Chief for Lower Manhattan Peter Hayden, "We had a very strong sense we would lose firefighters and that we were in deep trouble, but we had estimates of 25,000 to 50,000 civilians, and we had to try to rescue them."
On Sunday, 11 July 1993, John McLaughlin, in signing off his television program, The McLaughlin Group, apologized for having used the word welsh in the sense, “cheat by failing to pay a gambling debt; go back on one's word” [ RHD Unabridged ] in an earlier program.
Although Grille (in Grillen im Kopf haben) means, quite correctly, cricket in its first and literal meaning, and strange and surprising idea in its figurative sense, it ought to be mentioned that there is a direct, traceable link between the two: Grille acquired its figurative sense in the 16th century when—at least in Germany—the superstition prevailed that the demons of illness appeared in the guise of an insect.
Our sense of joy was tempered by the undeniable intrusion of the war in the Persian Gulf.
I think it makes sense to ask whether people really like being told how obtuse they are, because even if the ads work on some level to inculcate a sense of superiority in the viewer--as in "These idiots don't know what 7-cents-a-minute-every-day means, but I sure do!
Royko's hold came in part from his sense of place.
What mysteriously disappeared, from one book to the next, is a sense of the perilous.
But there was an earlier sense in that, for as little time as a decade, it has been shown to have been used in Australia, still as a pejorative term but with much less definition, more as a label for someone who is in some way disruptive of social mores, a public nuisance whose field of activity was left open.
My question to you is, at what point (if ever) does it make sense for someone to abandon, wholly or partially, his or her search for an ideal partner and settle for someone with a less than complete set of assets?
It could have been A Walk on the Moon , My Son the Fanatic , The End of the Affair , Dick , Sleepy Hollow , Run Lola Run , Toy Story 2 , Princess Mononoke , Cookie's Fortune , American Movie , or the barely-noticed black comedy Six Ways to Sunday . It could have been--whatever their problems-- The Sixth Sense , American Beauty , The Blair Witch Project (backlash schmacklash, it scared me), October Sky , or The Matrix . It could have been a poignantly silly comic-book movie that I seem to be alone in loving: Mystery Men .
' sense of fuck off , a common (US) sense is `gold-brick,' which is missing (though covered here under fucking the dog ). Is it missing because it is not used in that sense in Britain or because it was cut, and, if the latter, because it went the way of earlier 20th-century military slang?
Iam always grateful when influential pundits make such statements, especially in prominent places, for in so doing they protect us from the ever-present temptation to take people seriously simply because they are influential, to imagine that widely held views must actually make at least some sense.
Hook goes on at some expressive length on the subject of FF and SWE and makes good sense, particularly when he emphasizes the ways in which language changes, so that the words classed taboo or formal in one generation might very well change places.
And, as for the type of respect we seek: Machiavelli's advice--that it is better to be feared than loved--will make much less sense in the 21 st century than it did in the 16 th . Goodwill toward America is becoming a national-security asset worth cultivating.
But what attracted me to the dictionary was its sense of humour.
The Republican outrage may be hypocritical, but in another sense, it is sincere.
PGM enzyme levels were increased two- to five-fold using a sense transgenic construct, and Pgm RNA levels were decreased 1.3- to 24-fold by driving expression of an inverted-repeat construct.
It would allow you to see how closely you line up with the candidate for whom you intend to vote, and thereby tell you whether your attraction is based on a congruence of views or a more ephemeral sense of goodwill.
They also are identified with designs that are nonexperimental in the sense that the investigator is not deliberately manipulating some variable to see its possible effects on the system being studied.
You are too busy soaking up the sense data.
) Today, of course, government pronouncements constitute a small and probably shrinking proportion of all verbiage that is in some sense "national."
… Is there a sense, perhaps, that you are too much of a maverick to really become president and govern?"
Sense
The thick, floor-length skirt produced the sense of complex, secret treasures difficult (and perhaps unwise) to discover.
It would hardly make sense to hand out $1,000 payments to men for taking home a bunch of condoms, or to try to police their use.
They are not tumors in the sense that they do not present as a growing mass.
In this sense, rural service is inferior to city delivery where service is provided to (or in close proximity to) each building served.
Some of these techniques have been used previously, but we find that by regarding expression profiles as vectors, either in the sense of genes or experiments, we gain a richer understanding of the existing techniques and can take these insights into new directions.
As a term of endearment girlie and girly are in the same category as popsy: Girlie, have you seen my toothbrush? in the sense of being less often heard, although it goes back to the 19th century.
And that makes sense.
They explored the problem of two souls, same model body (the duplicate Buzz Lightyear's in Toy Story 2 ) and one soul, too many bodies ( Being John Malkovich ). They explored the problem of a soul attempting to will its wishes into being, even when the body can't easily accommodate them ( Boys Don't Cry , The Sixth Sense .) Body and soul: This, it seems to me, is the problem that inspired the best moments in the best films of 1999.
The emphasis on sidewalks and walkability, the traditional design of the houses, the smaller lots that give a sense of place to the streets, the back alleys that put the cars in the background, and the planning that gives equal importance to the individual houses and the common shared spaces.
The Washington Post said that Hsing-Hsing's almost human personality should lessen the "sense of apartness that causes us to treat so many animals as a commodity, or a nuisance--in either case as 'things' to be killed or driven away."
The story follows Trisha, a 9-year-old girl who gets lost in the woods with only a Walkman and common sense to keep her alive as she wanders for eight nights.
He is not, in the conventional sense, a good writer.
In McCain's version of events, his obsession with his surrender starts to make sense: It was the moment he realized that he was beyond his own control.
Another theory is that this mumbo jumbo may represent a kind of ancient pig Latin which, if properly decoded, might actually make sense.
What's odd about this is that game shows--even if they're not fixed like they were in the '50s--are real only in a very tenuous sense.
"In a certain sense, yes; I never expected all this."
But that makes sense for most people.
The antisense primer was complementary to nt 2202 to nt 2235 and the sense primer was nt 2296 to nt 2326.
With the advent of crack cocaine in the mid-1980s, the civic credos of "getting tough" and "just saying no" carried the weight of common sense and enjoyed sway in schools, print, and on the airwaves.
Expression of stromelysin s- 1 and 3 and meltrin α , was increased in antisense-expressing aggregates, relative to the sense control (Fig 6A).
Yardley's conclusions don't add up to much in any conventional biographical sense, and he admits as much in his prologue: "[Exley] lived on another planet, if not in another universe."
Moving further into the house, I felt the same sense of surprise that I always feel in the presence of movie celebrities: surprise that they look so familiar.
Mostly, I don't see that young people have any sense that things can be different, so the desire stays under the surface.
Probably the most distinct theme to emerge thus far among the leading challengers to quasi-incumbent Al Gore in the 2000 presidential race is that the material wealth of America in the 1990s has brought with it a sense of spiritual discontent.
Jurist Credits Parents for Strong Sense of Social Responsibility
Forget, too, the absence of even the semblance of evidence for Kinsey's inner state here as elsewhere: Kinsey "must have felt" ambivalence about gardening because it threatened his "fragile sense of masculinity."
We need a more dynamic model to get a real sense of what's going on.
But Microsoft's lifeblood is its employee stock-option program, and so the stock price is, in a sense, one of the fundamentals.
It would seem that the writers of such letters themselves lack common sense, or at least the ability to understand simple language.
The task was left to Bindusara’s heir Ashoka (269–232 b.c. ), admired by Indians as their greatest ruler, perhaps for his special combination of tough authoritarianism and a high sense of moral righteousness.
Once again from the sawmill or more correctly the planing mill, the term pickwick in the following sense has nothing to do with Dickens.
Another well-regarded Democratic pollster, Geoff Garin, expresses his doubts more strongly: "My sense is that Clinton's situation improved in places where they weren't advertising pretty much to the extent that they did in places where they were advertising."
Death is everywhere in The Sixth Sense ; the point of the film, unusually wise for a blockbuster, is that death is inevitable, and not an enemy.
But while from a short-term dollars and cents angle reinstating the workers may make sense, throughout its struggle with the UAW, Caterpillar has made its decisions with one long-range goal in mind: consolidation of its control over the workplace.
With academia's standard rewards of promotion and tenure not as readily accruing in this work, the study of American place names is by and large in the hands of true lovers of the subject (amateurs in the etymological sense, and dilettantes).
However, I am not so ignorant of the canons of journalism (and of common sense) that I would take a plausible fellow like Brian Arthur at face value without checking up on him.
Judge Gerald Butler said that Mr. Fisher had not actually obtained price sensitive information in the sense of actively seeking or procuring it.
Everything to this point had confirmed that sense: his softish stance on abortion, his attacks on the congressional right, his compassion rap.
Another aspect of our future that he mentions, but fails to really investigate, is his criticism of "groups" ("blacks," hippies, women, etc.) and his sense that a cultural fissure is appearing between young and old.
Perhaps the answer is polycronym , still capturing the initial-letter sense of acronym , but using the combining form poly- signifying many (from the Greek polus meaning much).
Bosworth, the biographer of Diane Arbus and Montgomery Clift, "provides a vivid sense of upper-middle-class life in the early Cold War years, when prominent citizens suddenly turned their backs on colleagues such as Crum and called them Communist dupes," writes Kathy Deacon in the Village Voice . In the New York Times Book Review , Richard Lingeman says Bosworth "tells her elegiac story in a tone that is admirably restrained, in prose that conveys strong feeling by understatement."
Patients who served as unwitting subjects of 1950s radiation experiments described their recent settlement with the government as bringing "a sense of closure," using the word in its by-now standard noun-phrase setting.
For each candidate, we determined the best protein match to ESTs oriented in both the sense and antisense direction.
It was quickly approved and the legal services community in the state has spent the two years since then refining and implementing the plan, mobilized by a new energy and a renewed sense of purpose.
It'd be tuh more sense.
Yet Don't bite the man that feeds you makes satisfactory sense; so does It takes two to tangle .
It is readable, but that compliment must be taken in the context in which it appears: a grammar could scarcely be classified as a “good read” in the same sense as a novel.
Her directional sense is average, not terrible.
Unlike Christianity’s massive gothic cathedrals, designed to convey a strong sense of permanence, this austere wooden structure is dismantled every 20 years and replaced by a new one.
The sections reacted with the sense probe served as a control for non-specific background signal.
Out of a misguided sense of white guilt, the Washington Post spent the '70s, '80s, and much of the '90s giving Barry a free ride.
The guy who made sense got the prediction all wrong.
One way to accomplish that is to pay FDA officials not in cash but in pharmaceutical company stock, which ought to introduce an appropriate sense of urgency to the drug approval process.

] Gordon Turnbull (Yale) focuses on Boswell's account of his defense of the sheep-stealer John Reid to illuminate Boswell's sense of sympathy, one of a biographer's necessary skills.
Late last year, the Los Angeles Times profiled a local undertaker named Roberto Garcia: "While the profits are nice, Garcia says the most fulfilling part of his job is helping families establish a sense of closure."
Chanel, a child of poverty, was very clever to allow for the sense of alienation in her chic black scheme.
At times, too, the (cool expertise vs. righteousness, wit vs. no sense of humor) become almost too vivid, as if she weren't a real-life polemicist so much as an intriguing fictional character.
The main Sunday meeting — the counterpart to Catholic mass — is called sacrament meeting , sacrament in the Mormon sense being one specific sacrament only: what other christians called the Eucharist.
' The Germans, however, stumbled upon hope - fully because they wanted a word for their own hoffentlich , admittedly a useful word; so hopefully was soon being used in a quite different sense, viz. to mean `it is to hoped.
"[B]lessed with a vivid sense of humor and an artistic integrity unlike those of any other American filmmaker working today" is how Entertainment Weekly 's Lisa Schwarzbaum describes the work of writing team Owen Wilson and Wes Anderson (who also paired up on the 1996 underground hit Bottle Rocket ). The film, directed by Anderson, follows newcomer Jason Schwartzman as a dorky, overachieving high-school kid who competes with Bill Murray for a teacher's affections.
As a result of the dye effects, data from two-channel cDNA arrays display significantly different Cy3 and Cy5 signal distributions, suggesting that means calculated over both signal types may not make sense for the definition of a target distribution.
Commenting on a documentary in which parents witnessed the execution of the killer of two of their children, a Chicago Sun-Times columnist wrote: "Watching him die gave them a sense of closure."
"Not in the lots of big words sense, not in the complicated ideas that make your head hurt sense, not in the having to think about stuff so hard that it distracts you from shopping and later that night you have that little sexual problem again, not me personally but some other stupider people sense," he didn't add.
This is the sense in which Gore is an ironic beneficiary of global warming , the ongoing natural catastrophe that Gore's been issuing jeremiads about for several years.
There's only one problem with this: It makes no sense.
It's the kind of instant de-homogenizing sensation you sometimes get in the subway, when you suddenly awaken to the fact that the dozen faces you've been staring vacantly at across the aisle from you belong to a dozen different moral universes--not just in the trivial sense that we all see the world differently, but in the distinctly nontrivial sense that people sitting right next to each other really can have nothing in common--and that you'll never know a single one.
Or, one examiner uses pain provocation, and the other palpatory motion restriction sense to assess for a dysfunctional vertebral segment.
The trouble with him and his self-police force is they have no sense of humor.
relates to night destroying daylight in the sense that darkness will cancel the daylight's `bond,' whatever that may be.
However, the converse is not true, as a gene that is not differentially expressed can have a p -value that is close to 1 even if all the probe pairs are 'good' in the above sense.
He has precisely no sense of humor.
In a sense, the climbing of Rainier has become the sacred rite of REI culture.
But Ajami, a scrupulous commentator with a rich sense of irony, is using Lawrence to make a subtler point.
Of course, someone may note, If you think about them, they do make sense.
None of the other papers runs this story on its front, which makes sense since the decision to pay was reached two months ago (the only real news coming with the actual check is that nearly half of the money was Hillary's).
But there was nary a ripple of bad news out of Intel when the announcement was made, and the sense of seamlessness that Grove and Barrett have projected has transformed the whole thing into an elegant passing of the torch ceremony.
"As adult women, those of us who are heterosexual sometimes have a sense of a lost Eden," she writes at one point.
We could pick one or two sites from each cluster to get a sense of how agency auspices may affect program operations.
Disney entertainment products (this party included) belong on television, in movie theaters, in kids' books, on the computer, even in amusement parks, where there is no comparative sense of scale, such parks being perfect, self-enclosed worlds.
Your response to the query about the Zone Diet was rich in common sense and went halfway toward torpedoing the trendy, useless diet industry.
(William Finnegan, the New York Times Book Review ). Some reviewers wish the account gave more of a sense of the historical context.

The community--both on and off campus--worships the basketball and football gods, and favoritism for the top jocks is institutionalized in the name of fostering a sense of community.
But the Islamic artists, like those in China and Japan, didn't forget that the immortal soul of the word is its sense; nor that clothing, since prehistory, has made sense without words.
But personally he didn't believe "that NATO feels this sense of outrage as strongly as it claims."
Nora responds, with a touch of meekness but at last with a sense of her separable self.
The year is 1837--that of Victoria's accession--but we get a sense not of empire or of politely crumpeting tearooms but of decay and disease, of the more-Dickensian-than-Dickens underside of rapid industrialization and urban growth.
Rich or powerful married men feel an extravagant sense of sexual entitlement, and many women feel like gratifying it.
But cooking is one of the few areas in which anthologizing actually makes sense.
Our "Letter From Washington" concerns an admirable (but possibly doomed) campaign to improve the style sense on the Microsoft campus.
However, most experts feel that dehydration in the last hours of living does not cause distress and may stimulate the release of endorphins and anaesthetic compounds that promote the patient's sense of well being [ 81 82 83 ] . Low blood pressure or weak pulse is part of the dying process and not an indication of dehydration.
95) for a dictionary of about the same extent as the larger college dictionaries (by Random House, Simon & Schuster, and American Heritage), which sell for about $18, makes no sense at all, especially when the subject work falls short of the competition in a number of respects.
To quantitate and compare the size difference between sense and antisense-transfected aggregates we photographed sense and antisense clone 5 aggregates and calculated the area of each aggregate individually (Fig.
Both patients and providers will have a better sense of what will occur and when, and this will result in higher satisfaction in both groups.
In the nominal sense, getup can mean a costume.
In a sense, each piece of advertising mail competes with other advertising mail for the recipient's attention.
.. well, pretty much A. It's not so much that they're all saying the same thing--there are some substantive differences in their approaches to policy--as it is that the public has by now picked up the sense that those differences won't necessarily result in substantially different outcomes in the long run.
Barrios are sometimes called ghettos; even though there are very negative and sometimes few positive attributes to living in barrios, they can’t always be presumed to be ghettos in the sense of places where a group is forced to live against its will.
A terrible sense of public relations, I certainly agree with you there, but blaming the Clinton spin machine for that insanely prurient report is something of a stretch.
5' AGAA G GTGTCCACGGTGGTdTdT 3'(sense)
We give them a chance to realize their own potential by giving them a place where they can develop a sense of competence, of usefulness, a sense of belonging and of influence.
America, in this sense, is a conspiracy against human nature--and not just in that we expect monogamy when the rule of history has been polygamy.
Turow's just gets richer and smarter" (Tom DeHaven, Entertainment Weekly ). Michiko Kakutani delivers one of the few downbeat reviews, claiming that the novel "imparts little of the insider's knowledge" that graced his other books and that "it lacks a fundamental sense of suspense" (the New York Times ). (Click here to read an excerpt from the book.)
2 Based on our prior work, GAO believes that the consolidation of some homeland security functions makes sense and will, if properly organized and implemented, over time lead to more efficient, effective, and coordinated programs; better intelligence sharing; and a more robust protection of our people, borders, and critical infrastructure.
If, like James O'Shea and Charles Madigan, writers at the Chicago Tribune and authors of Dangerous Company , you feel "a growing sense of unease" about the authority consultants enjoy in today's business world, finding evidence to feed your anxiety won't be a problem.
In the broadest sense, then, any language is potentially cross-talk, given a suitable situation, just as any utterance may become ironic.
The drug only makes sense for those already at high risk.
In a broad sense, costs can be assigned to processes, activities, organizational divisions, products, and services.
The one sense in which it's true that information is "detached" from the "physical plane"--the fact that information's value transcends its physical incarnation--not only fails to qualify as an original insight, and not only fails to make intellectual-property rights obsolete; it's the very insight that led to intellectual-property rights in the first place!
Such a simple tabulation can draw the evaluator's attention to events that may be significant or to informal networks and give a sense of actual (as contrasted to on-paper) organizational relationships.
Clone C2, which expressed low levels of IDO antisense, depleted similar levels of tryptophan to the sense control.
This book (the possession of which may become a substitute for reading it, to paraphrase Anthony Burgess in The New York Times Book Review ) should appeal to anyone over the age of thirty who has developed a sufficiently mature sense of reality to become a cynic.
Talk , she told the Wall Street Journal , is "about expressing--without encumbrance of any kind--a vision, in a sense, of the times that we are in."
Well, in a rough sense they do.
But media unmistakably has also taken on a monolithic unitary sense.
Of these, hump is now the most commonly used, in the general sense of a hut or temporary dwelling, whether of Aboriginal or European provenance.
It is not really a dictionary, of course, in the sense that is lacks definitions; it is merely a word list.
Obviously homophones usually need to be written in order to make sense, but let's experiment with the following anyway:
Processed section-mounted slides were hybridized with antisense or sense (control) riboprobes (8-12 × 10 6DPM/slide) in 50% formamide hybridization mix and incubated overnight at 55°C in an open-air humidified slide chamber.
He does this by striking a tough guy pose throughout, a pose that fails to hide his sense of physical inadequacy, which he blames on his Jewishness:
cDNA (2μl) was amplified using a sense V H family-specific FR1 primer in conjunction with the appropriate antisense C H primer.
This is not freakin' synergy, in its old-fashioned sense or otherwise!
That might begin to cure, or at least temper, his wicked and dangerous sense of entitlement.
I find that much of the time users have a very strong sense of what they like and dislike in language and are unwilling to let any so-called experts influence them.
"Roy gives us a richly pictorial sense of these characters' daily routines and habits," said Michiko Kakutani in the New York Times , "and she delineates their emotional lives with insight and panache, revealing the fatal confluence of jealousy, cruelty and naivete that shapes their destinies forever."
And with a $13 billion premium, the deal has to make an awful lot of sense.
. He's got a sense of humor, but he's more interested in character and motivation.
The in vitro transcription was performed for 2 hours at 37°C in reactions containing 100 ng of template DNA, 40 U of T7 RNA polymerase (for antisense probes) or 40 U of SP6 RNA polymerase (for sense probes), 40 mM Tris-HCl (pH 8.0), 6 mM MgCl 2 , 10 mM dithioerythritol, 2 mM spermidine, 10 mM NaCl, 1 mM each of ATP, GTP, and CTP, 0.65 mM UTP, 0.35 mM digoxigenin (DIG)-labeled UTP (or fluorescein-12-UTP), and 20 U RNasin (Promega, Madison, WI).
Students, workers, and urban residents in the broadest sense, deserved better than they were getting.
It compares the Webzine Salon to legendary San Francisco columnist Herb Caen: The Web can't replicate the "emphatically local" sense of place that made Caen so popular.
The recreation of the Dutch trading ship at the Scheepvaart Museum with its staff playing the part of sailors, brings out the sense of adventure in children.
The paper also quotes a second Wall Streeter saying, "There is no sense of urgency like in 1987.
Federal law regulates only in the broadest sense what words can or cannot serve as trademarks.
Owing to my being unable to find the full bibliographical information for it in my infallible library cataloguing system, I cannot provide more than the fact that a book published several years ago by Scarecrow Press, Slang and Jargon of Drugs and Drinks, by R. A. Spears, was recalled when I saw the Death Dictionary: they are similar only in that they are both thesauruses (in Roget's sense of the word--that is, they contain all sorts of direct and oblique references to the subjects they cover).
I don't follow pop music much these days, but the genres that are most interesting to me in a larger cultural and political sense are techno and hip-hop.
Medium was used in England in the late 18th century with respect to newspapers, and media may have had some use in that sense during the 19th century.
"[W]e have a book worthy of its subject--graceful, astonishingly well researched, yet imbued with a sense of flow that is rarely achieved at this level of scholarship," says Daphne Merkin in the New York Times Book Review . (See Sarah Kerr's review in Slate.)
Critics revel in his elegant deflation of bunk theories, finding in his work "qualities in increasingly short supply in academic circles: old-fashioned moral rigor and plain old common sense" (Michiko Kakutani, the New York Times ). Some regret that Rosenbaum does not proffer his own theory clarifying the mysterious origins of Hitler's evil.
And mia mia has been widely used in Victoria in this sense and, in New Zealand, of a duck-shooter's hide.
In that sense, the implicit governing philosophy in New York has been "avoid the tragedy of the commons" (while also letting the people on the inside wet their beaks over and over again).
They were coarsely named from their root sense, `big tits,' from French teton `tit,' because of their shape.
In his speech, he says that his Vietnam-Watergate-era disillusionment gave way to a sense that by running for elected office he could help people.
I think it makes sense to ask whether people really like being told how obtuse they are, because even if the ads work on some level to inculcate a sense of superiority in the viewer--as in "These idiots don't know what 7-cents-a-minute-every-day means, but I sure do!
Although Grille (in Grillen im Kopf haben) means, quite correctly, cricket in its first and literal meaning, and strange and surprising idea in its figurative sense, it ought to be mentioned that there is a direct, traceable link between the two: Grille acquired its figurative sense in the 16th century when—at least in Germany—the superstition prevailed that the demons of illness appeared in the guise of an insect.
To get started on this major project I've been looking at Michael Shapiro's The Sense of Grammar: Language as Semeiotic (Indiana, 1983), and a rather more interesting effort, one with which you may be familiar, Robert Lord's Words: A Hermeneutical Approach to the Study of Language (University Press of America, 1996), and would be most appreciative of any suggestions on the work being done by those who are having second thoughts about the use of that apparently promising source of linguistic data known as The Corpus.
In so doing he fails the Jewish people, and does a grave disservice to the sense of fairness and decency to all.
On the other hand, there is something in her clarity on this point, her ferocity of truth, and her firm sense that it is her duty to carry on, that I find exhilarating.
Beyond the suspicion lay a Puritan sense that this was all dreadfully wrong.
They make a great deal of sense.
The most common American sense of in the bag is `completed, done, consummated,' and, while it ill behooves one to state categorically that `ruined, botched' is not a viable definition, I have never encountered the expression used in that sense on either side of the Atlantic.
For Chicanos, un hombre macho is a man who symbolizes dignity, takes care of his family, has respect for all women, especially his mother, and possesses a strong sense of self-identity and character.
The main issue is whether or not Israel will cede a further parcel of land in the West Bank to the Palestinian Authority in return for various security guarantees, but there's no clear sense in the reporting of where things stand.
You got a sense of how Bradley has recalibrated his approach in the first of the two events, a dull, 90-minute Nightline special that kept East Coast political junkies up until after 1 a.m. on Friday night.
And in any case, splits have become so routine, and in some sense so expected, that any signaling function they might have had has been vaporized.
It isn't obvious to me how a baby would develop a robust sense of autonomy while being confined to a small cubicle with bars on the side and rendered powerless to influence its environment.
And in a larger sense, Clinton gets the blame for hiring a lawyer known for playing hardball and winning ugly.
Onomatopoeia adds zest to language, from aagh! to zzz ..., but somewhere between print and enunciation, the exact equivalence between sound and sense can get lost.
But a deeper reason for investigating bequests is that they reveal something about people's instinctive sense of justice.
Dingbat , in the printing sense of a typographic ornament [like the open book symbol at the end of this review], was once slang but is now standard English.
David Galef in his article Sound and Sense [XXI, 2], says that the childish exclamation Peeyoo ! probably stems from a distorted rendering of Phew !
Permit me to congratulate you on your fine sense of humor.
On the other hand, if the name of your product is a common word which is applied in an arbitrary or fanciful sense, you should be able to claim it as a trademark.
When you read one of his columns these days, or at least when I do, you get the sense that it's more about him than it is about it or them; the phrase "nattering nabob of solipsism" suddenly springs to mind.
who turns out to have had sex with a dog, like maybe a golden retriever (unless things turn around and I get to do it at Fox in which case the dog will be a chimp, but that makes sense dramatically) who can't keep a secret (see, it's a talking dog), but it takes this big check from some tabloid where they JUST MAKE THINGS UP(!)
The first question Westin should have asked himself is whether it ever makes sense for a news organization like ABC to climb into bed with an advocacy organization like the partnership.
This makes sense because some of these women will rise to the occasion, learn the work ethic, and become self-supporting.
At worst they redirect investment capital from uses that make economic sense to those that don't.
The best vector (in a sense that can be made mathematically precise, see Materials and methods) that captures (spans) the experiment vectors of A is u 1 . Similarly, the best two column vectors that span the experiment vectors of A are u 1 and u 2 . In the limit, all n vectors u 
Daimler is going to have to be able to make and sell more Mercedes more cheaply because it has acquired Chrysler, and vice versa, for the deal to make sense.
In an important sense, this is an unrealistic case since quartile 1 represents 40,000 routes which are scattered over more than half the 30,000 5-Digit ZIP Code areas in the U.S.
The report also made the banal observations that "people find lying or sitting in the sun enjoyable and relaxing" and that "this subjective sense of well-being may be important in itself in improving the quality of a person's life."
Hype in the sense of excessive or false publicity goes back much further than the 1960s (Collingwood's suggested decade of origin)--to at least the 1920s (per the Oxford English Dictionary ), which is the same time that hype is attested to as a verb and noun associated with drug use, and the word is explicitly linked to hypodermic . The OED , the Dictionary of American Slang , the Barnhart Dictionary of New English , and the Random House Historical Dictionary of American Slang all make the hypodermic connection.
Sense primers for PCR amplification were located within predicted exon 1 (Fig.
Although SAM is not able to disclose the identities of these false positives, it does provide biologists a reasonable set of potential target genes and a sense of the trustworthiness of the outcome.
Although I have no knowledge of it, sense 2a might be correct; if so, it is certainly based on body bags and not poachers, who are not the normal prey of American police.
Surely not because it is, in any meaningful sense, good.)
The earliest euphemisms documented use of the word in this original sense of intimacy or familiarity between people dates from 1225, and privy council (a small group of advisers to the monarch) from 1300, when Edward I established it.
But the helmeted riders around the limousine, the fluttering flags atop it, the stoplights freezing oncoming traffic--all create an undeniable sense of moment.
One important issue in using RI strains for mapping complex traits is that intervals on different chromosomes can become tightly associated in a statistical sense.
In modern dialogue, which in no sense approaches the gentility of the perfumed puritanicals, the denotation of unmentionables has broadened to include body organs, curses, and biological functions.
Clinton administration officials explained that the relationship was developed to reduce Taiwan's sense of isolation, to gain a better sense of Taiwan's armed forces, and to "respond to" a pro-Taiwan Republican-dominated Congress.
Despite how many or how few individual characteristics twins--or other clones--have in common, they are different people in the most fundamental sense . They have their own identities, their own thoughts, and their own rights.
Suddenly the events of the 1980s make sense; Reagan did them.
As this suit involves a subsidy, limited forum cases such as Perry, Lamb's Chapel and Rosenberger may not be controlling in a strict sense, yet they do provide some instruction.
For a man with a master's degree in electrical engineering and a doctorate in operations research, Malone has always had a keen sense of how important futurist rhetoric was to the new media world.
No, to make sense of the claim that savings are bad you must argue either that interest rates have no effect on spending (try telling that to the National Association of Homebuilders) or that potential savings are so high compared with investment opportunities that the Fed cannot bring the two in line even at a near-zero interest rate.
The "one sense" he is referring to about the epidemic not being over is directed at newly infected people and those who can't access or afford the drugs.
Reading it, you get a better sense of Bush as a character than from the tens of thousands of words lavished upon him by Texas Monthly and the Washington Post .
Democritus (born sometime between 470 and 457 B.C.E.) maintained that despite our sense perceptions, in reality there are only atoms and the void.
Black-and-white photos of the neighborhood in the early 1940s have been affixed to the windows for a sense of going back in time.
But this pat explanation doesn't entirely make sense.
I want that hope, that encouragement, that sense of possibility to be a reality for everybody."
This book was also made possible by the rise of professionalism among African-Americans since the 1960s and the rise of a black middle class that has demanded more artifacts and objects, more "education" about its experience (more institutionalization of it, in other words, and more orthodoxy about its significance), that are all meant to reinforce its sense of identity, its psychological well-being, its sense of race mission, all important reasons for the existence of black studies, but all clearly anti-intellectual.
Here it is expected that this action will act as a nasal and chest decongestant and the dog will subsequently have a better sense of smell and improve its ability to follow a scent.
This indicates that the inteins in Thermoplasma and Pyrococcus are homologous in the evolutionary sense, i.e., they are derived from a common ancestral gene.
"What I'm hoping is that everyone will have a sense of closure from this," a police officer told a reporter after an execution was carried out last month in Arizona, 18 years after the crimes had been committed.
This 233-km (140-mile) drive on Highway 93, up the spine of the mountain range from Lake Louise to Jasper, gives a rich sense of the Rockies’ varied beauties —  glaciers, waterfalls, lakes, and canyons.
It is possible for a very skillful writer to convey in plain English a sense of what serious economics is about, to hide the algebraic skeleton behind a more appealing facade.
Trying to make sense of U.S.-China relations these days can reduce even the most resolute Sinologist to a blubbering wreck.
Of the artists represented, Rist is the only one who approximates a sense of humor, and it's a fairly distant approximation.
3. "The Sci-Fi Channel announced that it will begin broadcasting a weekday talk show with medium John Edward, who is 'known for his uncanny ability to see dead people .' (Just like the kid in The Sixth Sense .) Variety said Sci-Fi was hoping to 'appeal to viewers who are not necessarily believers of the occult.
Most Chicano convicts have little education, speak primarily in Spanish, and have a strong sense of Mexican nationalism.
Berger told us that he did not feel any sense of constraint.
Lidiar , for example, is what a man does with a bull in a bullring, and to him the process is not in the remotest sense a fight . It is a lid , and if you do not understand that word you will not understand him.
Chihuly succeeds because he's not a maker of art in the usual sense; he's a coach, ringmaster, and impresario--and, above all, an entrepreneur.
Personally, I like to see as much discussion of the meaning, sense development, and origin of a term as I can find, but one must sacrifice that to get a longer list of entries.
It was reported previously that Fmi/Stan protein accumulated to a higher level in the PI cell that forms the bristle lineage [ 22 ] . Previous experiments have shown that Fz regulates orientation of the spindle in the division of the PI cell of the bristle sense organ lineage and it has been thought that this is the way that fz regulated bristle polarity [ 4 6 ] . Our observations suggest that fz may also play a later role in specifying bristle polarity that is analogous to its role in regulating hair and lateral development.
But it only makes sense to speak of low returns and low margins if you're making products to sell to others.
Detractors say the film lacks any real sense of narrative continuity and feels like "bits and pieces of half a dozen coming-of-age films" (Gleiberman, Entertainment Weekly ).
Realism tempers the romanticism of idealists with a sense of tragedy.
The makers of a $450 doll that bears the features of a young Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis attributed the doll's popularity to the public's "unresolved feelings about Jackie": Buying a doll "gives them a sense of closure."
Yet all these films are suffused with a sense of the basic justice of the Irish nationalist cause and, more than that, of the purity of the motives that drive the IRA.
Anyway, Bradley's answer was not really honest, even in this cynical sense.
The phrase, for instance, makes no good sense in English; and this affords a presumption that it was borrowed from abroad.
When will publications such as yours manage to develop some sense of human moral responsibility?
(It makes sense that the London production was more successful than the American one, and that the director and two of these three actors in the film are English.
The sense of an impending new era can be discerned in the pride, confidence, and energy of people on the city streets.
During the 200 years of European occupation these have declined in use, to the point where not more than about twenty are active, in the sense that they are being learnt by Aboriginal children and cover aspects of the everyday life experienced by those children.
Your theory, which is that the Soviet empire suffered from "grave internal weakness" and collapsed of its own weight, makes little sense to me.
Indeed, there is no definition of compartment in the MWIII that fits the sense to which it is stretched in the definition of hotel .
There's a sense of something older in this space, but not of the past.
In a sense, the Internet was the ultimate time-sharing project: a nationwide network capable of connecting any sort of computer with another computer.
Both men are noted risk-takers and cutting-edge improvisers whose penchant for the maniacal makes them ideal partners" (Karl Stark, the Philadelphia Inquirer ). Gene Seymour writes in Newsday that "there's a sense of play between the two that's almost kinda sweet.
The physicians generally lacked a sense of behavioral capability, expectation, and self-efficacy [ 27 ] regarding their ability to successfully recommend, produce, and sustain a change in patient health behaviors.
74) than the sense ESTs (3/15 = ~0.
But Frank lacked a sense of humor.
Though printed in the traditional Yiddish/ Hebrew alphabet, most of the words were misspelled, as though the writer had never seen a Yiddish dictionary; the syntax was garbled almost beyond recognition; the lexical content made little sense.
It appears that the heightened sense of alert at the national level played no role in Ressam's detention.
From the mid-1940s to the mid-1960s, Las Vegas nurtured a growing sense that it was the “Entertainment Capital of the World. ”
Desk officers at the CIA's Bin Ladin unit did not have "cases" in the same sense as an FBI agent who works an investigation from beginning to end.
En menos de lo que un gallo makes no sense in that form; it should be en menos de lo que canta un gallo.
Thus he is right on to say that there are two ways in which to reduce the theft of car radios (Page 90), one of them is to increase the punishment for theft, and the other is to render them useless once they are taken out of the car by someone who does not know the code (old-fashioned sense) for their release.
It should particularly be remarked that the sense coincides exactly with that of the English phrase.
Her part makes no sense, but watching those long limbs flying through the air, I never felt like complaining.
While at one time the sense of penis was relatively far down the awareness scale of those who had occasion to refer to cocks (as male birds), its sense of penis has increased in frequency and awareness level in recent years.
The excesses of sexual-harassment regulations are popular targets for defenders of common sense because feminism remains a target for pundits on the right--and the concept of harassment remains controversial.
 hype sort of sounds like hyperbole and sort of means hyperbole . It would also seem to make sense that frosh would be derived from freshman , since it sort of sounds like freshman and sort of means freshman . But it isn't.
The Indians had known other conquerors, but at least they had been able to gain a sense of them as human beings.
It made sense for the state to outsource tactical functions such as help desks and mainframe management.
The higher that cost, the larger the transaction has to be in order for it to make financial sense.
The city has a new sense of vitality, with a spate of new architecture, art galleries and chic shops and restaurants.
It has to be said that if one attempts a literal translation of many Chinese placenames one simply ends up with a sense that is surreal rather than suitable.
From the details of this case, or from the other opportunities we catalogue in the text box, one can see how hard it is for the intelligence community to assemble enough of the puzzle pieces gathered by different agencies to make some sense of them and then develop a fully informed joint plan.
Sense strand hybridization results for E10.
A solution that makes most sense, she said, would be to change calendar procedures in order to expedite hearings where pro bono counsel are scheduled to appear.
To go on using in its former sense a word whose meaning has changed is counterproductive.
The sense of impartiality or an absence of self-interest did not develop until the middle of the 17th century, after which the original sense disappeared for about 200 years.
Asked if he thought John Jr. had been different from the others, Talese replied: "Different in the sense that he wasn't a sexual predator, like his father, uncle and grandfather, nor addicted to drugs or alcohol, like other members of his family.
As a consequence of a signal from the circadian clock, located in the suprachiasmatic nuclei (SCN) of the anterior hypothalamus in mammals [ 1 ] , sleep is more likely to occur at certain times of the 24-h day than others, thereby determining the daily sleep-wake distribution [ 2 ] . Sleep is homeostatically regulated in the sense that sleep drive accumulates in the absence of sleep and decreases during sleep.
Two studies involving hepatitis A virus (single-stranded positive sense RNA genome) and rotavirus (double-stranded RNA genome), showed their PCR assays to be inhibited by UV inactivation of the viruses [ 28 29 ] . Conversely, Ma et al showed no effect of UV on a PCR assay when they irradiated poliovirus (single-stranded positive sense RNA genome) [ 30 ] . In this study, we present an extremely sensitive PCR based assay to detect airborne rhinovirus and demonstrate the effect of ultraviolet irradiation on the assay.
It only makes sense that he would revive these long-unused stereotypes and squeeze them for their entertainment value.
Expansion of affirmative action was an instinctual response of liberalism, and not in the crude talk-radio sense that "liberals love big government."
For those of us who love her, she seems a wise, funny, unpretentious, and compassionate friend, one blessed with a decidedly wicked sense of humor.
Correspondingly, male consumers are being sold fickle and impossible images of their sexuality and their social honour: fickle because the clothes, face creams, and similar goods now change like women's hemlines, offering no stable sense of self, impossible ornaments because the Porsche and the $10 cigar lie in the realm of fantasy for most men struggling to make ends meet.
Jammed into small rooms, the staff is still trying to piece together a sense of place.
In this sense, the old Hays Office production code, which required that films teach a moral lesson by having evildoers punished, had it backward.
The puzzling decision to relegate the painter of sun-drenched tablecloths and rainbow gardens to the underground makes some sense given the direction and drift of the show, the third MoMA retrospective of Bonnard's work since his death just shy of age 80 in 1947.
Slavin's uncluttered, room-temperature prose renders the monstrous familiar, even beautiful" (Charles Taylor, the New York Times Book Review ). Others note that "[i]t seems to be a common, almost universal, tactic in American literature to depict the suburbs as a duplicitous world where a safe, materialistic, blandly cheerful surface conceals a dark secret life" and that the stories' predictable outlandishness verges on becoming "precious" (Judy Budnitz, the Village Voice ). Or as Kirkus Reviews writes, "Slavin has a warped sense of humor and enjoys rubbing the reader's nose in it."
worrying sound working its way from his mouth that's not so much a mouthas a coin purse cinched tight, sewnwith the fragments of his lips--the yipping gait of breathlessness he makes, which makes no sense
2 throws around the silly word "vast" in order to convey a sense of imminent diet apocalypse (as in, "vast unknown consequences," "administration of these drugs on a vast scale").
On the other hand, it makes perfect sense.
But companies are getting much better, not worse, at treating each consumer differently, which means, in some sense, becoming a different company for everyone who buys from them.
This meaning is obsolete, but it hung on until late in the last century, even though the current sense of `offensive or highly disagreeable' began to make inroads as early as c. 1600.
But there seems to be something true about the argument that to secure the maximum number of subscribers who can afford to pay an annual subscription, as well as increasingly discriminating advertisers, journals always have to work hard to appeal to the developed world audience [ 25 ] . Therefore the filling of scarce pages with research from the developing world makes no commercial sense and publishers are unlikely to support editors who take their journals in such a direction [ 25 ] . This hindrance should be swept away by the appearance of e-journals like the BioMed Central periodicals, which theoretically have no page limitations.
All told, the obstacles to intergroup harmony posed by human nature are big enough that there is little exaggeration in saying that xenophobia is a part of human nature, at least in this sense: Uncritical hostility toward an identifiable group of people--identifiable by language, dress, color, whatever--is an inherent capacity, activated under certain predictable circumstances.
A. God Proves Sadistic, but With Sense of Humor
 hype sort of sounds like hyperbole and sort of means hyperbole . It would also seem to make sense that frosh would be derived from freshman , since it sort of sounds like freshman and sort of means freshman . But it isn't.
Most people don't want novels to be, in the deepest sense, unreal.
They really have no idea how exactly life began, or whether its emergence was in some sense inevitable or simply a prodigious bit of good fortune.
Gary Becker's argument is the only one that appears to make any sense.
However, the Egyptians are tenacious shopkeepers and you will have to have a will of steel and sense of humor to ignore their sales pitches.
The "typical" taxpayer paid estate taxes last year in the same sense that the "typical" golfer scored some fraction of a hole in one.
The dictionary maker's job is to capture the habitualisms without overloading the dictionary with items which are putatively valid enough in absolute terms by not in the statistical sense of significance derived via measurable co-occurrence.
..” [XVIII,4] refers to huevos in its slang sense, `balls,' not its literal sense, `eggs.
Her mother lives just long enough to inculcate in her (unjustifiably) a sense of her own awkwardness.
(If you need help making sense of Pokémon, click to read David Plotz's assessment of the craze in
A sense of humor about a subject is born of a feeling of security about it, but security is the one characteristic often lacking among those who would use Current American Usage .
He conveyed his "sense of shame" and vowed to make the police into "an anti-racist force."
Common sense tells us that the nation needs to save more when it has a healthy economy, sufficient resources to meet some current needs while still building our capacity for the future, and a relatively large workforce.
(In some sense, it probably was, and in Moneybox tomorrow, I'll have something on whether this matters.)
Cow recruits the next generation of Nike wearers by building a bridge between young people's innate sense of play and the next stage--competition.
and it is not till we get to the end, where a dozen styles are listed that there is any sense of semantic or associative grouping.
I do not know when the word, standing alone, came into common use with an explicit sexual sense.
We must teach them the sense of right and wrong, good and evil."
In a very general sense the Puritans can be said to have added a few names to the stock which modern parents draw upon, but the author obviously did not mean that.
, the capital-gains tax) seems to make sense.
But I argue from the beginning that black affection for Clinton stems from: 1) a widespread sense among blacks that the economy is doing better by them than ever before; 2) a deliberate Clinton program to court black churchgoers who make up the heart of the black middle class; and 3) Clinton's intuitive understanding that the black middle class is basically conservative on the issues of crime, unwed motherhood, and welfare.
Both Brokaw (born in 1940) and Spielberg (born in 1946) evince a powerful sense of nostalgia for the world of their fathers.
The DJIA starts today at a record high and the papers' consensus is that this is due to the three Federal Reserve interest rate cuts, increased merger and acquisition activities, and a general sense that the global economic crisis is on its way to being handled.
But with its top line, the paper does best communicate the government's sense of urgency: "U.S.
Ministering to their sense of irony and their sense of insecurity at the same time, she was the perfect campy connoisseur of propriety for a tie-dyed generation now into ties.
We have applied these methods to the analysis of microarray data in toxicogenomic studies [ 12, 14], where the results made good biological sense and, where relevant, were confirmed by subsequent experimentation.
usage Since sense 2 is the opposite in meaning of sense 1, it has been frequently criticized as a misuse.
Such differences in behavioral strategy do make Darwinian sense."
In this sense, the 1984 Super Bowl ad featuring an athletic woman hurling a hammer and destroying Big Brother was not so much some invention of Chiat/Day's imagination as it was the visual expression of everything Jobs had been saying since Apple began.
Fenfluramine increases the brain's serotonin levels (Prozac does, too, but not as dramatically) to produce a sense of satiety.
This strong sense of transience and impermanence has doubtless arisen as a natural response to Japan’s devastating geography and seismology.
In that sense, you helped drive the story.
PCR products were generated using the following primer set: sense primer (5'TGACATCTGAGCTCTATGAGGGT3', GenBank AF365927 nucleotides 545-567) and antisense primer 5'CCCAGGGAGTCCTGGGCCCGGA3' (nucleotides 782-803).
If your reserves are infinite, though, it makes sense to worry less about price and more about maximizing output, since your source of cash is never going to dry up and force you into another line of business.
This fragment was excised with Not I and subcloned into the Not I site of the mammalian expression vector pcDNA3 (Invitrogen), in either the sense or antisense orientation.
The resulting pMIRB-HA-NPM3 plasmids (both sense and antisense orientations) were transiently transfected into NIH 3T3 cells, using transfection conditions with Lipofectamine and OptiMEM serum-free medium (Gibco-BRL, Bethesda, MD) as described [ 49 ] . Following a six-hour incubation of the DNA-Lipofectamine complexes in OptiMEM, the cells were washed and incubated in 10-cm dishes with their usual growth media (DMEM with 10% v/v fetal calf serum, 2 mM L-glutamine, 100 Units/ml of Penicillin G and 100 μg/ml Streptomycin) for 48-72 hours at 37°C in humidified 5% CO 2 incubators.
To be jealous of a person is to be open to another's influence, to have one's sense of self continuously challenged by another.
The intensity of the hybridization signals were determined as previously reported [ 26 27 28 ] . A subjective comparison of eight sections from each ovary from six animals hybridized with the same concentrations of sense and antisense cRNAs and exposed for the same time (4 weeks) was made.
As written and played, however, Maggie's scenes are intrusions in the best sense: They gnaw on Pistone from another angle; they add a point to the film's complex geometry.
IDO-antisense and sense transfectants were aggregated in 1% DMSO and cell aggregates were visualized by phase contrast microscopy.
"There is an increased sense of desperation in China about Taiwan.
Others shared this aversion to referring to the convention proceedings because, it was felt, each generation had to make sense of the Constitution for itself.
A Galápagos travelogue/essay says that Darwin's curiosity and enthusiasm enabled him to make sense of the peculiar islands' ecology.
At one point, West quotes Du Bois--with no sense of irony--to the effect that "we must have honest men or we die.
