Alice, sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders;
His question drove home the fact that we haven't faced a severe, protracted economic setback for nearly 2 decades, leaving us terribly unpracticed at dealing with tough times.
An association of ENA response with liver disease has been described in children with autoimmune hepatitis, where anti-ENA-positive patients demonstrated more severe liver test abnormalities than those who were anti-ENA-negative [ 32 ] . In another study, a 15 % of patients with various chronic liver diseases were found to be anti-RNP positive [ 33 ] .
Both the California Energy Commission and Cambridge Energy Research Associates (CERA), a private sector energy think tank, have issued reports showing that California faces a severe supply-demand imbalance.
Nelson, born Glenn Nelson, had severe psychological problems and a history of reclusive behavior into adulthood, and was convicted on a weapons charge in 1988.
This accounts for the two fractured ankles, broken tooth and severe lacerations of my legs and lower body.
DR. TAMBALA He suffered severe trauma to the neck, back, torso, and abdomen.

The German architect Karl Friedrich Schinkel is best known for his severe Classical public buildings such as the superb Altes Museum in Berlin, but he also worked in other styles: Gothic in churches, and picturesque Italianate in villas.
The Cotswold style, with its relatively severe details and blunt forms, created a very different setting from French Provincial, which tended to have more delicate details, from Free Style with its almost rustic atmosphere, or from sturdy Colonial.
Hunt modeled the design of this 250-room residence on the Château de Blois, whose style is not the severe Classicism of the Italian Renaissance favored by architects such as Charles McKim, but the more ornate and picturesque French Renaissance.
Thank God it's raining (we are in severe drought)!!!
Now that Obama is president it puts severe limits on how he can use email and indeed Twitter.
The paper clearly laid out its Wag the Dog theory: "After a weekend of sexual revelations and lies, which have taken a severe toll on his reputation, the President with the help of the Defence Secretary, William Cohen, has found a means of rallying the country behind the presidency and the Stars and Stripes."
This effect could be further increased in severe obstruction with active exhalation and no active breaking.
The NYT is more firm about saying that if this is indeed the case it could be a severe setback for gene therapy.
In addition, as I've pointed out here before, the auto industry is facing severe problems with excess capacity, so reducing the number of players in the global marketplace may decrease the chance of dramatic overbuilding.
Thus, some of us recently showed that administration of two self peptides that can induce EAE, myelin proteolipid protein peptide 139 to 151 (PLP139-151) or myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein peptide 35-55 (MOG35-55), can result in severe anaphylactic reactions [ 14 ] . This result clearly indicated that severe allergic reactions to self peptides can occur in mice that have been induced to express pathology (i.e.
I have already simplified Coulmas's description out of all sensible recognition for the sake of brevity, but, while the time compression has been severe, I do not think I have distorted the facts.
In contrast, inspiratory resistive loading by tracheal narrowing has consistently shown increases in the percentage of type I fibers and the corresponding MHC isoform in the diaphragm [ 41 42 43 ] , closely resembling the changes seen in severe human emphysema.
Type A influenza is thought to cause more severe illness [ 17 18 19 ] . Therefore, the majority of influenza/ILI diagnoses captured in the NEI system using ICD-9 codes would be expected to be type A and represent a higher proportion of true influenza illness than ILI during the 1996-1997 influenza season.
Higher doses could not be achieved without inducing unacceptable liver toxicity, as manifested by a severe inflammatory infiltrate and vacuolisation of the hepatocytes.
Doctors reported that fenfluramine and phentermine, a popular diet pill combination, may cause severe heart-valve disease . The story is all over front pages and the TV news because the pills are prescribed about 20 million times a year.
One D2 eye examined histologically was excluded from the study because of the complicating presence of a large corneal ulcer accompanied by severe intraocular inflammation; this eye had a very severe retinal phenotype and severe optic nerve damage.
Physical examination showed an alert, nondysmorphic infant with severe reduction in muscle mass and subcutaneous fat.
The PT3 (moderate abnormality compensated by maximum dilatation of sinusoids) and PT4 placentae (severe abnormality without compensatory vascular dilatation) were coupled as abnormal placentae (AP).
That procedure uses per capita income estimates generated from Federal Government projections of income and population growth, and applies three different income elasticities for mortality, severe morbidity, and light symptom effects.
Although only 0.3 to 3% of pregnant women are diagnosed with hyperemesis gravidarum [ 3 ] , less severe forms of NVP exert a significant impact on the quality of life of those affected [ 1 ] . In one study, close to 50% of employed women reported reduced work efficiency due to NVP, with as many as 25-66% of women actually requiring time off work.
The xid mouse, in which Btk is mutated, and the Btk knockout mouse display similar, although somewhat less severe, phenotypes [ 1].
More importantly, the electric pulse delivery caused on its own a severe rhabdomyolysis and the prior injection of saline significantly increased the muscle damage, but the addition of naked DNA did not influence the muscle injury.
Such severe and extensive retinal damage never occurs in strain D2.
The finding that anti-Sa antibodies are associated both with male gender and with severe early RA further emphasizes the importance of gender differences in the clinical expression of this heterogeneous disease.
A correlation between sequence conservation and severe phenotype by RNAi had previously been shown by comparison of C. elegans to genomes from the distant phyla Saccharomyces, Drosophila and human [ 63 64 ] . Here we show a similar trend following detection of homology to expressed genes in other nematode species.
The multivariate analyses showed that female sex and hypokalemia were independent risk factors for severe QTc prolongation in patients with SAH.
I'd say that any downside to sexually integrating nonmilitary workplaces is not severe enough to restrict the rights of women (or men).
The NYT lead on the fast track fizzle calls it the most severe legislative setback for Clinton since his national health care plan died, and the paper reports that many on Capitol Hill are saying that it marks the beginning of Clinton's lame-duck status.
However, both GAD65 and GAD67 mRNA can be detected in the thymic medullary epithelial cells in mice [ 24 ] . Thus, despite thymic expression of GAD65 and GAD67 at the level of mRNA, NOD mice spontaneously develop autoreactivity to these islet (and brain) expressed proteins, and re-challenge of mice that have been immunized with peptides from GAD65 results in severe anaphylactic reactions.
A centerpiece of both tax cuts is a severe trimming of the capital-gains tax, which seems like a very odd decision at a time when short-term investing is on the rise and companies are having absolutely no trouble raising capital.
∴Seville is suffering from a severe identity crisis.
Moderate or severe optic nerve damage was first observed in some 17 month old mice (3 of 12) and occurred in almost all 19-20 month old mice (20 of 22).
6A, the placentae with strong ERα expression belong to the PT1 (normal) or PT2 (slightly abnormal) types, while placentae with low ERα expression belong to the PT3 and PT4 types (moderate and severe abnormality).
One D2 eye examined histologically was excluded from the study because of the complicating presence of a large corneal ulcer accompanied by severe intraocular inflammation; this eye had a very severe retinal phenotype and severe optic nerve damage.
But, of course, just about everything that a client ever tells a lawyer is a secret or a confidence . Similarly, there appear to be specific and severe rules forbidding "extrajudicial" remarks, such as lawyers' statements to the press about a pending case.
The presurgical BMIs of 1021 males and females, ranging in age from 23 to 94 years and who had been diagnosed clinically and radiographically as having moderate to severe end-stage unilateral or bilateral hip OA, were calculated from the appropriate height and weight data found recorded in their complete medical records.
The progressively more severe phenotypes of single, double, and triple deletions indicate partial redundancy of function between the three ~50-bp stretches of which each of the two essential ~150-bp regions is composed.
Above all, it seems implausible that the proposed solution to such severe difficulties could involve so little pain.
It's also possible that subjects with less severe pain were able to improve quicker.
The HR was significantly increased following severe hemorrhage (29%).
All mice over 18 months of age had severe ganglion cell loss both peripherally and close to the optic nerve (Figure 3, Table 1).
Pending a randomized controlled trial, the use of intravenous colistin should be considered in severe infections with Gram-negative bacilli when it remains the only antibiotic to which the causative pathogen is sensitive in vitro .
To the extent permitted by local IRBs, surrogate consent is permitted for patients rendered incompetent by stroke to avoid biasing the study toward discovery of risk factors for mild or moderate stroke but not severe stroke.
Quenching of peroxynitrite was not evaluated as it can only be effectively studied at a severe alkaline pH, given the lability of peroxynitrite at neutral pH.
vulcanize to inflict severe burns on a victim, causing him to become a stoon.
In general, more severe responses (such as acute effects) occur at higher concentrations of the toxicant, and less severe responses (such as chronic effects) occur at lower concentrations.
Second, although D2 and AKXD28 strains demonstrate similar magnitudes of IOP, AKXD28 mice develop more severe and more extensive retinal damage and are more prone to optic nerve head excavation than D2 mice.
Absorption with porcine ovaries resulted in severe diminution of 3B5 reactivity with rat, porcine and human tissues in western blots (Fig.
It may be that the aberrations induced by this mutant protein were sufficient select for down-regulated expression from the pGS58 vector, or the aberrations may be more severe in E. coli . A second mutation of Wang et al.
4, panel E) show that even at the highest siRNA concentration (400 nM), at which essentially all the profilin was knocked down (data not shown), 60-80% of viral RNA synthesis continued in A549 cells, whereas in L2 cells the effect was slightly more severe, with 30-50% RNA synthesis remaining.
Some markers, such as sputum cytology, inherently involve ordered categories, such as no evidence of cancer, slight atypia, moderate atypia, severe atypia, and frank cancer.
For example, in one study of intra-arterial thrombolysis for treatment of acute ischemic stroke, 12,323 patients with stroke were screened, and only 180 patients were selected [ 4 ] . Other stroke studies include only patients with nondisabling strokes [ 52 ] , or include only patients with moderate to severe strokes [ 4 ] . Because ISGS is a dedicated stroke genetic association study, it has broad eligibility criteria relative to clinical trials of drugs or devices.
The grades are easy, moderate, difficult, very difficult or v. diff, severe, very severe or VS, hard very severe or HVS, extremely severe or ES, and exceptionally severe or XS.
6°F, is the most severe neutropenic complication and can cause prolonged hospitalization.
Future research in the form of clinical trials is needed to test interventions to manage the severe dyspnea and related symptoms that occur in patients with cancer and end-stage lung disease.
We do not know whether other cell migrations were affected by the titrating sequence, but no other phenotypes were observed in animals with severe ALM migration defects.
A decade earlier, the British government led by Margaret Thatcher was facing severe economic troubles and insistent calls for a change of policy to deal with them.
The thalassemias are a group of inherited disorders of hemoglobin [ 1 ] , the most severe form of which is beta thalassemia major.
Additionally, the caregiver ranks their level of distress from each behavior, on a scale of 1 to 5, with 5 indicating the most severe level of distress.
Even though critics have been chewing on Eyes Wide Shut for weeks, its reality problems are so severe that I have decided to call myself in as a specialist.
Patients who had history of severe dementia or had abused psychoactive drugs and alcohol were excluded from our study.
However, to exclude that a massive hepatitis or a severe inflammatory infiltrate in the liver is causing the difference of luciferase expression, the inflammatory infiltration and pathological changes were determined in the liver of the two rat strains (Table 5).
The base deficit became slightly more negative after mild hemorrhage but was significantly reduced after severe hemorrhage (-5.
The severity of arthritis in each paw was graded according to an established scoring system [ 3, 5] as follows: 0, normal; 1, mild erythema and/or swelling, usually in one or two toes; 2, moderate erythema and/or swelling of the paw; 3, more diffuse erythema; 4, severe erythema and swelling affecting the entire paw (maximum score for the four paws = 16).
Unfortunately, the civil legal needs of all low-income Americans are not being adequately met due to severe funding shortages at the federal and state level.
For a variety of reasons, including the devaluation in neighboring Brazil, Argentina has been sliding into a moderately severe recession and with it a growing budget deficit, just as a presidential election approaches.
The NYT focuses on one Chechen village, a former refuge for a Chechen rebel commander, which has recently suffered severe attacks even though there is currently no indication of rebel presence in the village.
The demographics of the 969 eligible patients are shown in Table 1. It is noteworthy that 32% of all patients had one or more severe chronic illnesses.
The purpose of this report is to provide a comprehensive review of the safety of drotrecogin alfa (activated) for all adult patients with severe sepsis enrolled in clinical trials (completed and ongoing) since the start of phase 2 clinical development and up to 12 April 2002.
Histological scoring was made with a 5-point scoring system graded from 0 to 4 (0 = normal, 1 = slight, 2 - moderate, 3 = severe, 4 = very severe) based on criteria noted below after examination of four consecutive high-power fields.
In treating patients with severe sepsis, physicians are mainly concerned with biologic, physiologic, and clinical outcomes.
Deletion of the EGF-like domains encoded by exons 60-62 in the C-terminal domain of fibrillin-1 results in a much less severe phenotype than deletion of three EGF-like domains in the second longest stretch of EGF-like domains (between exons 43-49).
Maxwell posed a severe question for statistical mechanics and the second law.
One D2 eye examined histologically was excluded from the study because of the complicating presence of a large corneal ulcer accompanied by severe intraocular inflammation; this eye had a very severe retinal phenotype and severe optic nerve damage.
The Covenanters faced severe persecution at the hands of the king’s supporters, who had decided to follow his father’s policy of imposing bishops on the Scots.
This is what the German central banker Hans Tietmayer always calls, with severe disapproval, "the easy way out."
The present findings suggest that female sex and hypokalemia are independent risk factors for severe QTc prolongation in patients with SAH.
Given values reported in the benefit-cost analysis of the Clean Air Act [ 16 ] of $38 for a minor restricted activity day (which is more mild than a restricted activity day) and $83 for a work-loss day (which is presumably more severe than a restricted activity day), we use $60 (in 1990 dollars) as a reasonable central estimate.
Cross-contamination between successively spotted samples is a potentially severe problem and was found to be minimized by increasing the stringency of pin washing procedures beyond the manufacturer's recommendations by increasing sonication in the washing solution for 5 seconds at the highest power setting.
They don't offer intricate performances that took years of severe training to perfect; they don't sing, speak, or chant; they don't earnestly appear for a cause; they aren't eagerly joining in a festival.
This deletion resulted in a more severe phenotype with onset in infancy and a rapidly progressing clinical course.
• Pending a definitive randomized controlled trial, the use of intravenous colistin should be considered in severe infections with Gram-negative bacilli when it remains the only antibiotic to which the causative pathogen is sensitive in vitro 
In cases of severe and persistent insomnia that did not improve by implementation of our recommendations, patients were referred to specialized sleep clinics for evaluation and treatment.
And yet only about 50% of cochlear sensory neurons are lost overall with a less severe loss in the apex in which we could not detect any immature hair cells with MyoVIIa immunocytochemistry.
 prevents genuine reform--or that even if it does, the corruption of the current system is severe enough to warrant tinkering with the Bill of Rights.
A Scud missile exploded over the 24th Naval Battalion, exposing its soldiers to rocket propellant and, some claim, mustard gas --a weapon used to rapidly induce blindness and severe skin burns.
b) Courts rarely consider a one-time instance of harassment "severe and pervasive."
The risk is small, and cloning could benefit victims of Parkinson's disease, leukemia, and severe burns.
Doctors reported that fenfluramine and phentermine, a popular diet pill combination, may cause severe heart-valve disease . The story is all over front pages and the TV news because the pills are prescribed about 20 million times a year.
Not only would that explain Alexander's fever, chills, and severe bowel distress, the scholars say, but the disease can induce a rare complication called "ascending paralysis," which looks like rigor mortis even though the afflicted person may not yet be dead.
The Guardian of London said in an editorial that the consequences of this could be "as severe as those which have almost destroyed the Middle East peace process since Israeli agents killed the No.
Since 1993, nearly four dozen severe winter storms have been so designated, 17 in 1996 alone.
But there is a catch: The democratic process, the only decent way we know for deciding how that coercive power should be used, is itself subject to extremely severe free-rider problems.
But the mistreatment of all groups other than blacks was far less severe, and it has proven far more amenable to cure without radical intervention.
The Transportation Department has informed airlines that under new disability rules, it must provide "peanut-free buffer zones"--defined as at least three rows--for any passenger who declares in advance a medically documented severe allergy to peanuts.
If the motorcyclist, delirious with pain and a severe blow to the head, had lost sensation in his feet, he wouldn't have known if we could have prevented it.
Donald Dossey, a North Carolina behavioral scientist, has coined a term for it: "paraskevidekatriaphobia," which he derived from the Greek for fear of Friday the 13 th . He estimates that between 17 million and 21 million Americans suffer mild to severe anxiety or change their activities--performing rituals before leaving the house, calling in sick to work, or postponing flights or major purchases--and that businesses lose $750 million in revenues because of these fears.
More importantly, talking with a news subject about a possible job is not always grounds for dismissal on Lehrer's show, which has not been so severe with commentator David Gergen, who while still on the show talked to Bill Clinton about coming to work for him before actually doing so.
He returned to Paris only when a severe stomach ulcer condition necessitated a last-minute operation.
While it is certainly true that Prozac is overprescribed, and likely abused, it is also true that it is a powerful, necessary therapy for the treatment of severe depression.
It is possible, by choosing the right suburb, for middle- to upper-middle-class people to live their lives in very little contact with the most severe problems of this country.
This year he's stubbornly producing an expensive and risky version of On the Town , despite severe doubts in the industry that the musical could ever be a success.
The transition from the 1880s to the 1920s was severe.
Fortensky suffered severe brain damage in a fall down a staircase in January.
"Well, gee, I dunno, the performance is funky but also kinda severe so you kinda need both."
It also has severe disadvantages, such as long hours, harsh discipline, isolation from loved ones, and the risk of injury or death.
The liberal spin: No, they won't, because it's almost impossible to prove "severe and pervasive" harassment.
Describing the church's influence as "enormous," Corriere said this was "the first severe attack" on the Serbian regime.
"People who cannot be subdued with pepper spray alone, but require repeated, severe beatings.
But I think he is factually incorrect on the question of whether severe storms are increasing.
But he said the United States "must take further action to remove all the severe negative effects of the bombing" and must "stop its arms sales to Taiwan, and refrain from creating new obstacles on the question of Taiwan."
Only children who suffer the most severe deprivation are permanently damaged.
A recent study showed that the current La Niña-a one-to-two-year pattern of severe winters in the northern states and aridity in the Southwest-may be part of a decades-long oscillation in the world's climate.
. Partisan reaction was severe: Republicans called Callender a "clot-hearted Scot," and Jefferson himself wrote that "the federalists have opened all their sluices of calumny."
' In the course of its transfer to English through French it has become `a severe or formal rebuke,' i.e., the act of repressing.
Most lawyers accept proximate cause as a necessary term of art and will consider the author's treatment of it as “concise gibberish’ for which you can “get a definition at any supermarket’ as rather severe.
It could be a hypocoristic or baby-talk form of hysterical , or it might be from the imitative word hiss ; or perhaps it is a variant of another dialect term, jesse , meaning a `severe scolding,' which is probably from a Biblical allusion.
The grades are easy, moderate, difficult, very difficult or v. diff, severe, very severe or VS, hard very severe or HVS, extremely severe or ES, and exceptionally severe or XS.
The grades are easy, moderate, difficult, very difficult or v. diff, severe, very severe or VS, hard very severe or HVS, extremely severe or ES, and exceptionally severe or XS.
Kids like Tommie J., made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father; Alice, sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders; and John H., a recovering alcoholic, rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again.
The Boolean idealization is severe, but it is a very useful place to start.
The German architect Karl Friedrich Schinkel is best known for his severe Classical public buildings such as the superb Altes Museum in Berlin, but he also worked in other styles: Gothic in churches, and picturesque Italianate in villas.
Study guidelines caution against a hasty HF diagnosis in patients with severe pulmonary disease, including chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), pneumonia, or other severe, documented lung disease.
Deletion of pcu1 and pcu3 results either in lethality or in severe growth retardation, respectively [ 6].
For W89, an alanine substitution has been shown to prevent binding of [ 3H]granisetron; therefore a less severe mutation was constructed.
Assumption (1) is a fairly general analytical concept, i.e. the closer data is to the measurement threshold, the higher the variability is in that measurement [ 12 19 ] . Assumption (2) appears to be empiricaly valid when surveying the literature for high-density microarray experiments which evaluate severe biological events, from caloric restriction [ 20 21 ] to apoptosis [ 22 23 ] . In these experiments [ 20 21 22 23 ] , regardless of the gene selection method used, less than 5% of the total number of genes probed were differentially regulated.
At 23°C, Myr also improved the function of the KKTK (the most severe) mutant version of Boi1-PH: at this temperature, whereas Boi1-PH(KKTK) without Myr did not allow any sectoring, Myr-Boi1-PH(KKTK) allowed 17% of the colonies to show moderate or heavy sectoring (Fig.
In contrast, dark-grown seedlings undergo skotomorphogenesis (or etiolation), typified by elongated hypocotols and closed cotyledons [ 1 ] . COP1 was first identified through genetic screens as a negative regulator of light regulated development in Arabidopsis [ 2 ] . Arabidopsis cop1 mutant seedlings are constitutively photomorphogenic even when grown in the dark, and the severe cop1 mutants cause lethality in the late seedling stage, indicating that COP1 is essential for plant development [ 2 3 ] . Arabidopsis COP1 (Arabidopsis thaliana COP1, AtCOP1) is essential for the proteasome-dependent degradation of two transcription factors, HY5 and HYH [ 4 5 ] . These two homologous bZIP-type transcription factors directly interact with AtCOP1 and are capable of binding to light-responsive promoters to activate the transcription of many target genes [ 5 6 ] . Genome wide micro-array analysis shows that AtCOP1 regulates most, if not all, of the light-responsive genes under various light conditions [ 7 8 ] , substantiating the notion that AtCOP1 functions as a crucial developmental switch through targeting key transcription factors for degradation, thereby controlling the light-responsive gene expression and photomorphogenic development.
Further deletions of this region (pJC18 and pJC19) resulted in less severe migration defects.
This finding was unexpected in light of the severe cartilage defects in Hoxc-8 transgenic mice [ 1 ] . However, the possibility remained that, despite apparently normal maturation, proliferation of chondrocytes could be affected by the Hoxc-8 overexpression.
No pigment dispersion or accumulation was observed in AKXD28 eyes (Figure 1a,b,c), and the iris pigment epithelium remained remarkably intact considering the severe iris stromal atrophy (Figure 1h).
Retinal damage in AKXD28 eyes was more severe than in D2 eyes (Figure 3, Table 1, and Ref.
Paralleling RGC loss, optic nerve head excavation or cupping was also more severe and more frequent (P < 0.0001, Chi-square) in AKXD28 than D2 mice.
The excavation in these mice never extended deeper than the INL and was never rated severe.
Strikingly, all old AKXD28 mice have severe retinal ganglion cell loss typically associated with severe optic nerve excavation, whereas, few old D2 mice have severe RGC loss and optic nerve excavation is rarely, if ever severe (defined here as extending to a level out side of the inner nuclear layer).
Additionally, following initial RGC loss, most AKXD28 eyes exhibit thinning of the inner nuclear layer, and some mice older than 26 months show severe depletion of all retinal layers.
It was ranked as mild (minor loss of iris complexity), moderate (notable lack of iris complexity and focal thinning of iris), or severe (iris lacking complex morphology and is thin, frequently with focal full thickness holes).
Based on nerve morphology, damage was rated using a broad scale consisting of mild, moderate, and severe categories.
Furthermore, all four of the studied eyes with high IOP also had severe abnormalities extending over 80% or more of the analyzed sections (Figure 3).
Although Bmp4 +/-eyes of each IOP class had some degree of drainage structure abnormalities, only eyes with severe drainage structure abnormalities extending over 80% or greater of the analyzed locations had high IOP.
The parasitic microsporidean Encephalitozoon caniculi has been under severe and sustained evolutionary pressure to reduce the size of its genome, which is the smallest of any sequenced eukaryote, with an overall length of only 3 Mbp [ 43 ] . One result of this pressure has been to compact many of the essential genes that the organism could not afford to eliminate [ 44 ] .
In 1988, another spontaneous Brachyury mutation, called T Wis , was reported [ 9 ] . The T Wis homozygous and heterozygous mutant phenotypes are more severe than those of the T deletion, suggesting that the T Wis allele acts as a dominant negative.
Recent studies have applied this approach to microarray analysis and found that it faithfully preserves the initial representation of RNA species [ 15 16 17 ] . Other reports suggest that PCR-based amplification may also preserve this representation [ 18 ] . However, IVT remains more attractive from a theoretical perspective as biases should be less severe due to the linear nature of the amplification [ 19 ] .
The B cell antigen receptor (BCR) signaling defect is very severe such that XLA patients have a block in the pro-B to pre-B cell transition and consequently have no mature B cells.
All of the mice challenged with G7 peptides developed severe anaphylactic shock (100%; 14/14), with the majority of them dying within 30 minutes after the injection (86%; 12/14) (Table 1).
Searches of public genome databases indicate that Aspergillus fumigatus (a major invasive pathogen in humans, with severe morbidity and mortality) encodes a homolog of Cet1, as does Neurospora crassa.
4, top panel) revealed that anti-F dsRNA, at concentrations as low as 20 nM, produced a severe reduction in F protein levels.
D45 is close to and probably contacts the γ-phosphate of the GTP, and was the most severe of this group of mutations.
In addition, the success of the yeast two-hybrid technique suggests that the geometric constraints on transactivation are not severe (i.e.
The substitutions introduced at position 61 generally resulted in severe repressor defects (Table IV).
Microscopic examination revealed severe muscle necrosis (fig 5) that was accompanied by a severe polynuclear eosinophilic and mast cell infiltration.
Intramuscular injection of 10 10iu induces moderate local inflammation [ 15 ] . However, the local and systemic toxicity of the adenoviruses can be dramatically reduced by using gutless viruses [ 16 ] . Notably, we observed severe muscle damage after the electric pulse delivery, which was worsened by the pre injection of saline but was not influenced by the presence of plasmid.
These findings are supported by recent observations suggesting that HIV infected drug abusers have a more severe encephalitis at autopsy [ 7, 8, 9] and at least in some HIV infected drug abusers an accelerated form of HIV dementia may be observed [ 21].
In agreement with this suggestion, our in situ data show a severe reduction in expression of BDNF (Figs.
Despite the severe impairment in SA accumulation within the first 12 hours post-inoculation of ndr1 plants, bacteria carrying avrB could nonetheless induce PR gene expression and SAR because of the HR-associated pathway.
Pain measures allowed for the calculation of TOTPAR or SPID were a standard five point pain relief scale (none, slight, moderate, good, complete), a standard four point pain intensity scale (none, mild, moderate, severe) or a standard visual analogue scale (VAS) for pain relief or pain intensity.
In children, bile acid losses can be so severe that a deficiency of the amino acid taurine can occur due to excessive losses of taurine-conjugated bile acids [ 7 8 ] .
Our patient developed a severe systemic illness following three weeks of SSZ therapy for rheumatoid arthritis.
Lastly, Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis with extraintestinal manifestations was a possibility with her severe iron deficiency anemia, diarrhea, and granulomatous enteritis.
Treatment of severe adverse drug reactions is primarily supportive once a diagnosis has been established and the offending agent has been discontinued.
However, there is a subset of patients who may develop severe and unusual systemic side effects.
An association of ENA response with liver disease has been described in children with autoimmune hepatitis, where anti-ENA-positive patients demonstrated more severe liver test abnormalities than those who were anti-ENA-negative [ 32 ] . In another study, a 15 % of patients with various chronic liver diseases were found to be anti-RNP positive [ 33 ] .
RSV infection in infancy cause severe bronchiolitis and pneumonia and may predispose children to the subsequent development of asthma, the most common chronic illness of childhood [ 1 ] . Many studies have indicated that chemokines can play an important role in the onset and severity of asthma and it has been shown that RSV infection of lung epithelial cells increases chemokine production, although the mechanisms involved are largely unknown [ 2 3 4 5 ] .
De novo deletion of three cbEGF-like domains encoded by exons 44-46 resulted in a severe form of MFS diagnosed in infancy.
Deletion of one EGF-like domain due to exon skipping, especially in the region between exon 24 and 32, usually causes severe neonatal-onset MFS [ 8 24 25 ] . Similar deletions in other regions of fibrillin-1 may also result in early onset of cardiovascular symptoms [ 8 ] . Patient 1, described here, had a genomic deletion of exons 42 and 43 that results in an in-frame deletion of part of the 5th LTBP-like domain and the adjacent downstream cbEGF-like domain.
Each patient had a single, severe or life-threatening infection that required hospitalization or four or more infections per year that required antibiotic therapy for at least two consecutive years.
Tissue hypoxia therefore remains a possible mechanism of increased expression of Fas and FasL, although it seems less likely that the arteriolosclerosis that developed in S kidneys was severe enough to produce hypoxic conditions sufficient to up-regulate Fas, until the third week of study.
We confirm that controls have not had a prior stroke by means of the Questionnaire for Verifying Stroke-free Status (QVSS), a structured interview that was validated in an adult population (age, > 60 years) using systematic review of electronic medical records as the benchmark [ 25 ] . The QVSS was further validated in an independent population using history and physical examination by a study neurologist as the benchmark [ 26 ] . Interviewers administering the QVSS may exclude a subject they judge to be an unreliable historian on the basis of a global impression of moderate or severe impairment of speech, language, hearing, or memory.
All patients experienced fever in the setting of severe neutropenia.
Direct inhibition of PI-3Kinase activity may not be feasible either as it is likely to have severe side effects.
Further studies are needed to identify patients at higher risk of severe LH infection to prevent disease-associated morbidity and to test the hypothesis that HHV-6 infection early in the infancy may be protective against leukemia in the frame of Greaves hypothesis.
Subjects were characterized by a variable level of obesity, divided into one of three obesity classes (overweight:Ov, moderate to severe obesity:I-II, and extreme obesity:III), and a range of symptoms (AD, ADSx, or NAD).
She was dehydrated and in severe liver failure, with negative virology.
Previous liver or thyroid disease, and concurrent insults to the liver (such as from alcohol, dehydration, an oral contraceptive pill, recreational drugs, and other drugs that can damage the liver) may be related to the development of many severe or prolonged adverse reactions to mefloquine.
Fluoroquinolones, such as sparfloxacin, of loxacin and ciprofloxacin, are increasingly prescribed in severe cases of traveller's diarrhoea, and have been associated with severe reactions in mefloquine users.
Since human infection with Cryptosporidium parvum was first documented in 1976 [ 1 ] , this protozoan parasite has been recognized worldwide as a major cause of diarrheal disease in humans [ 2 ] . In healthy, immunocompetent persons, C. parvum causes a self-limited diarrheal illness (cryptosporidiosis); however, in persons with severe immunosuppression, particularly those infected with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and who have developed acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), the diarrhea can be prolonged, severe, and life-threatening [ 3 4 ] . Currently there are no effective chemotherapeutic agents against cryptosporidiosis [ 5 ] . Cryptosporidium oocysts are found in the feces of infected humans, livestock, and wild animals [ 6 ] . Humans acquire the infection through person-to-person or animal-to-person contact, ingestion of fecally-contaminated water or food, or contact with fecally-contaminated environmental surfaces [ 7 ] .
Of the different types of adverse events, 70% of respondents were most concerned about severe reactions like encephalitis, severe infection, and death; while 18% were more concerned about the more frequent mild-to-moderate reactions, and 11% said they were not particularly worried about vaccine adverse events.
Here we report that MCMV infections of gene-targeted mice lacking IFN-γR and subjected to whole body irradiation develop vascular lesions that over 4 months progress to severe vasculopathy characterized by significant neointima formation, a prominent feature of autoimmune vasculopathies in humans.
During exercise, slow twitch motor units serving oxidative fibers are recruited first during moderate exercise, and motor units serving glycolytic fibers are recruited later and during more severe exercise [ 1 ] . This is in contrast to electrical stimulation of sufficient intensity where all motor units are thought to be activated simultaneously [ 31 ] . The larger regional difference in VEGF mRNA signal after electrical stimulation may be due to the fact that this protocol was more metabolically demanding than the treadmill exercise protocol, or indeed because the rat muscle was hypoxic during electrical stimulation.
Most dental students had mild caries and gingivitis and most patients had moderate to severe caries and gingivitis.
In fact, if pain is severe and uncontrolled after 1 or 2 doses (eg, crescendo pain), do not wait for 24 hours to pass before increasing the routine dose.
Lachesis muta can inject a large dose of venom in a single bite [ 8 ] . These snakes have front fangs and bitten areas show severe swelling and necrosis of tissue due to haemorrhagic, myotoxic, necrotizing, defibrinogenating, coagulant, caseinolytic, proteolytic, oedema-inducing, coagulant and neurotoxic venom activities [ 8 ] .
Local evidence of a sting is often minimal or absent but several patients report severe pain or a burning sensation with intense pruritis and local or general hyperesthesia [ 11 ] . Symptoms may last from seven days to several weeks.
Nausea and vomiting during pregnancy (NVP) affects up to 80 % of all pregnant women, and has a significant impact on the quality of life of those who experience it [ 1 2 ] . The effects can range from mild nausea to more severe forms such as hyperemesis gravidarum , which is characterized by an intractable nausea and vomiting so severe that it can lead to hospitalization.
Punctate signal patterns in a tissue unmasked at one set of digestion conditions continued to be detectable as punctate signal under more severe unmasking conditions.
Influenza/ILI" in this study is likely to be representative, on a population level, of influenza/ILI diagnoses and a smaller percentage of more severe influenza-like illness.
The facts that the parasite culture was asynchronous, i.e., contained all three major stages (ring, trophozoite, and schizont) (data not shown) and that the effect of dsRNA was severe, suggest that PfPP1 is required for cell cycle progression at all stages of the parasite.
For hospice patients with severe dyspnea and fatigue, a bipolar 11-point Dyspnea Graphic Rating Intensity Scale (DGRIS) was used.
For the purpose of statistical analysis in this study, the PT1 and PT2 placentae were coupled, since they can be considered as normal placentae capable of responding and fulfilling the demands of the growing fetus by compensatory villous development or expansion of existing mature villi [ 30 ] . They were compared with placental types showing moderate and severe abnormality (coupled PT3 and PT4).
On the other hand, placentae exhibiting moderate and severe abnormality showed virtually no ERα expression by western blot analysis or immunohistochemical staining of tissue sections (except the vessels).
The apoptotic pathway is invoked in cells subjected to a severe trauma that causes irreparable damages.
Exclusionary laboratory values included a platelet count of > 500,000/mm 3, hematocrit <30%, and a white-blood-cell count < 3000/mm 3. Other exclusionary criteria included use of intravenous or intra-articular corticosteroids within four weeks of randomization, any prior use of cyclosporine or cyclophosphamide, use of any investigational agent within 30 days of randomization, severe extra-articular manifestations of RA, acute infection requiring antibiotic therapy within two weeks of randomization, other autoimmune disease (e.g.
The development of RAD only in those patients with severe testicular dysfunction suggests that such dysfunction is one endogenous factor that predisposes to the development of RAD.
In the absence of IL-4, the production of PG-specific IgG2a isotype was dramatically enhanced and disease was significantly more severe.
The finding that the proportion and percentage of chemokine binding sites on macrophages increases in the inflamed intima of RA and non-RA synovia suggests that these receptors may function in chronic severe synovitis in RA and more mild synovitis associated with joint damage/ degeneration in non-RA pathology.
First, CD4 +T cells selectively proliferate in response to proteoglycan antigens [ 14 ] . Second, prevention of arthritis can be achieved by in vivo treatment with anti-CD4 monoclonal antibodies [ 15 ] . Third, arthritis can be transferred to naïve BALB/c or severe combined immunodeficient (SCID) mice using T and B cells from arthritic animals [ 16 17 18 ] . Fourth, a proteoglycan-specific T-cell hybridoma (T-helper-1 type) can induce arthritis in BALB/c mice [ 19 ] . Finally, CD4 +T cells from arthritic animals are resistant to activation-induced cell death [ 20 ] . These data suggest a breakdown of peripheral tolerance and accumulation of autoreactive T cells in the periphery.
5I,5J), compared with the contralateral control joints that had severe inflammation (Fig.
This study provides evidence suggesting that anti-Sa antibodies appear to be a marker for a subset of early RA patients whose disease may be more severe and erosive.
This study provides evidence suggesting that anti-Sa anti-bodies appear to be a marker for a subset of early RA patients whose disease may be more severe and erosive.
Neutropenic complications, defined as febrile neutropenia, severe neutropenia, or dose delay or reduction due to neutropenia, are the most common side effects of myelosuppressive chemotherapy [ 1 2 ] . The frequent occurrence of neutropenic complications suggests that it is impossible to predict accurately which patients will present with a neutropenic complication.
Severe hepatic disease was the leading chronic illness, followed by immunosuppression, severe respiratory illness, renal illness and cardiovascular illness.
In a few cases it was severe and spread all over the body surface.
Soon after the presumptive diagnosis of severe sepsis, initial laboratory specimens were obtained and within 2 hours the patients were randomized to treatment with prednisolone or placebo groups.
In contrast to other studies, our study was performed in patients with sepsis, severe sepsis and septic shock with the use of physiological-dose prednisolone with or without vasopressor support.
It concludes that AT III treatment is effective in improving long-term patient QoL, and that future outcome research studies of severe sepsis should follow up patients throughout their hospital stay and after discharge.
The KyberSept trial was a large, international, phase III clinical trial that enrolled 2314 patients who were evaluable for efficacy and safety in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled design in order to determine the role of high-dose AT III in patients with severe sepsis.
· Future studies in patients with severe sepsis should include long-term follow up throughout hospitalization and after hospital discharge.
High serum PCT concentrations were first described by Assicot and coworkers [ 16] in children with severe bacterial infections, and were suggested to be a specific marker for bacterial infection.
Lower blood pressures, caused by removal of 25 ml/kg blood, created a deteriorating and irreversible systemic hypotension, accompanied by severe tachycardia.
All variables were recorded during severe hemorrhagic hypotension, and then the shed blood was reinfused over 20-30 min.
The partial arterial oxygen tension was increased significantly during both mild and severe hemorrhagic hypotension, apparently caused by hyperventilation.
Each patient underwent a cerebral angiogram to identify a ruptured aneurysm, except for eight patients whose SAH were so severe that there was no indication for cerebral angiography.
The patients with severe QTc prolongation had lower serum potassium levels (3.
• Female sex and hypokalemia are independent risk factors for severe QTc prolongation in patients with SAH
A total of 1821 adult patients with severe sepsis were enrolled in the randomized, placebo-controlled trials supporting the approval of drotrecogin alfa (activated); 940 patients received active treatment and 881 patients received placebo.
Patients excluded from participation included those at high risk for bleeding, those with severe thrombocytopenia (platelet count ≤ 30,000/mm 3), those taking a variety of antiplatelet agents, and those receiving systemic heparin anticoagulation.
Both events in the drotrecogin alfa (activated) group occurred during the study drug infusion period and were associated with severe thrombocytopenia (platelet count ≤ 30,000/mm 3).
7% associated with drotrecogin alfa (activated) use reported in the pivotal, phase 3 trial F1K-MC-EVAD (PROWESS) [ 4 ] . These mortality rates are lower than recent mortality rate estimates for severe sepsis, which ranged between 30% and 50% [ 7 ] and lower than the combined placebo rate from controlled clinical trials of 31.
Clinical trials of treatment of severe sepsis with other novel therapeutics that have antithrombotic properties also excluded a similar patient population.
However, all patients experiencing ICH had a diagnosis of severe sepsis and a platelet count of 30,000/mm 3or less, suggesting that the event rate for the severe sepsis population overall may exceed 0.4% [ 12 ] . In a recently completed phase 2 trial of platelet activating factor-ase, an ICH event rate of 2.3% (1/43) was reported in placebo-treated sepsis patients (Opal S, personal communication).
Risk for sepsis-related death in these patients may be greater than that in the overall population of severe sepsis patients with no coagulopathy.
The goals of the present study were to examine systematically the variations in overall resource use, therapeutic modality use, and outcome in patients with severe sepsis across academic medical centers, and to evaluate relationships between therapeutic modality use and variation in resource use.
Moderate or severe liver disease was defined as cirrhosis with portal hypertension, or hepatic failure with coma or encephalopathy within the preceding 6 months.
Multivariate comparisons were made using generalized linear modeling, with post-onset LOS and hospital charges as dependent variables and study center (coded as dummy variables) as the main covariate, adjusting for age, sex, Charlson comorbidity score, discharge DRG weight, organ dysfunction (ARDS, uncontrolled hemorrhage, moderate or severe liver disease, or acute renal failure), and service (surgical versus medical) at onset of sepsis.
Among all patients with severe sepsis, frequent complications included shock (45.
Guidelines for the management of severe sepsis are probably most applicable for certain treatment modalities, such as PACs, albumin, dextran, and hetastarch.
If agitation resists the titrated effects of rapid-acting, short-duration sedatives and becomes so severe that hemodynamic stability is threatened, therapeutic musculoskeletal paralysis, endotracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation, and titrated hemodynamic support may be necessary to prevent cardiorespiratory collapse.
One might postulate that severe inflammation causes such a profound hypersynthesis of the prohormone that the NE endoproteolytic machinery is overwhelmed.
Although there are minimal human data, animal studies suggest there is an initial hypodynamic state secondary to severe extravasation of fluids into the tissues followed by a hyperdynamic state after fluid resuscitation.
Bein et al also found that patients with more severe lung disease (Murrary Lung injury score more than 2.5) did not respond to rotational therapy, whereas those with less severe disease (less than 2.5) had significant changes in P a O 2 /FIO 2 . This can be explained by the changes in ARDS with time, as the lung evolves from a wet, heavy, atelectatic lung to a brittle fibrotic lung [ 12].
Recurrent, severe ischemic discomfort and new, recurrent ST-segment elevation ≥ 0.1 mV in at least two contiguous leads, either persisting ≥ 30 min.
A second well justified objection to using RI strains to map quantitative traits is that fully inbred strains may not provide representative phenotypes precisely because they are inbred and subject to often severe inbreeding depression.
As Mycobacterium tuberculosis already uses a valine in position 64 (Figure 3), it is understandable that the Met64 → Val substitution should cause a less severe disease phenotype.
In males the D2 allele was associated with more severe withdrawal responses than the B6 allele, whereas the opposite direction of effect was found in female mice.
Listeria monocytogenes is a ubiquitous, Gram-positive, soil bacterium and facultative intracellular pathogen, which on occasion causes severe food-borne disease in newborns, pregnant women or immunocompromised individuals.
In African populations, three TNF promoter SNPs have been independently associated with severe malaria [ 1 2 3 ] . To better understand these complex genetic associations with malaria, we have defined the haplotypic structure of the TNF gene region using 12 SNPs genotyped in 212 Gambian and 84 Malawian adults.
As cultured genital fibroblasts originate from the urogenital mesenchyme and retain expression of the AR in vitro , we compared gene-expression patterns in cultured genital fibroblasts from normal 46,XY males and from 46,XY females with severe or complete AIS, using DNA microarrays representing 32,968 distinct human genes.
These changes are qualitatively similar to those reported in severe human emphysema [ 12 13 ] : that is, they too are manifested as a shift toward slower MHC isoforms.
Because adults with asthma treated by specialists usually have more severe asthma than those treated by generalist physicians [ 25], our study results should be generalized to the overall population of asthmatic persons with caution.
In the present study we exposed wild-type mice to severe hypobaric hypoxia from birth and measured NOS mRNA and protein levels.
No animals died, however, suggesting that the stress was not sufficiently severe to decrease survival during the study period.
The present study also suggests that exposure of neonatal mice to hypoxia may lead to more severe pulmonary hypertension than that observed in mature mice exposed to hypoxia, and this warrants further study.
The Access to Justice Commission was created in 1996 as a coordinating body to seek support for legal services programs and develop strategies to address the severe lack of access to justice that had been identified earlier by a State Bar-sponsored blue ribbon study group.
Screening tests designed for patients with more severe problems (6 drinks) will be less sensitive at identifying patients with less severe problems (3 drinks).
Individuals with less severe alcohol problems may benefit from a brief intervention with little or no follow-up or referral.
His second point was that there is an easy assumption that a brief intervention is more appropriate for patients with mild-to-moderate problems than for patients with severe problems.
Monti believed that a decision to screen only for patients with severe alcohol problems is premature.
Patients with severe dependence have a disproportionate share of alcohol-related medical consequences, but it is estimated that such patients generate only a fraction of all alcohol-related problems.
The intent of this law was to bring people into the treatment system and to avoid the consequences of unrecognized severe problems with alcohol.
In general, more severe responses (such as acute effects) occur at higher concentrations of the toxicant, and less severe responses (such as chronic effects) occur at lower concentrations.
These numbers are up from the 1990's when a severe drought of work for boilermakers caused many boilermakers to seek other lines of work.
study, however, describes a severe case of CB to the survey respondents.
The distribution incorporates uncertainty from three sources: (1) the WTP to avoid a case of severe CB, as described by Viscusi, et al.
While it is unclear just what the right level of saving is, it is clear that America needs to begin saving more if it is to avoid severe problems in the future.
These Year 2000 conversion efforts are often conducted under severe time constraints that, without adequate management attention, could result in a weakening of controls over the integrity of data and programs and over the confidentiality of sensitive data.
The process usually takes too long, and in the final analysis, the most severe sanction the AICPA can impose is expulsion from the Institute.
the international operations in Bosnia and Kosovo face severe obstacles to achieving
Lin’s crackdown was indeed severe.
Northwest of the monument, the 15th-century Palazzo Venezia is a fine example of severe but elegant early Renaissance architecture, now containing a museum of medieval and Renaissance arms, furniture, and sculpture.
Opposite its rather severe classicism is the curving Baroque façade of the Alte Bibliothek (Old Library).
In the 19th-century section, look for the imposing, if rather severe, classical portraits of Antoine-Sébastien Plamondon (1802–1895) and the markedly gentler works of his Québécois student and rival Théophile Hamel (1817–1870).
The NYT depicts the rapidly disintegrating political relations between Israel and Palestine, reporting that yesterday, Israel "threatened to send commandos into Palestinian areas and had decreed a series of severe punitive measures against the Palestinian Authority.
Shocking stat: "[A]s many as 20 percent of schoolchildren may have a neurological deficit, ranging from mild to severe, that makes it hard for them to read and write."
Scientists are befuddled about its relationship (if any) to global warming: Some say global warming is making El Niño more severe; others say El Niño is making global warming more severe.
The consequences of Union Pacific's problems have been rather more severe.
Whatever the merits of the rather severe idiom in which Hegel chose to couch his ideas, he was nonetheless a member in good standing in the wine lovers' circle.
Certainly the obese, particularly obese women, face severe disadvantages in both the job and marriage markets.
If the locked section had insufficient inventory for a Dillard’s order, product from the rest of the warehouse could be picked and sent to Dillard’s, but no retailers could receive products from the locked section reserved for Dillard’s, no matter how severe their needs.
However, these anaphylactic responses were less severe than those induced by subsequent peptide challenge of the same mice, with a less dramatic drop in body temperature (data not shown) and no deaths.
For example, exon-skipping mutations in the central region of the gene, exons 24-32, cause severe phenotypes or neonatal presentations [ 8 ] . But there are exceptions, only four of the many other mutations in this region cause severe phenotypes, while one mutation predicted to lead to skipping of exon 24 was found in a patient with classic MFS [ 5 ] . In contrast, most cysteine substitutions cause classic MFS with a high frequency of lens dislocation, although some patients in our study did not meet the Ghent criteria for diagnosis of MFS [ 9 ] . Amino-acid substitutions not disrupting disulfide bonds may be associated with fibrillinopathies other than MFS, although mutations in the calcium-binding consensus sequence have been reported in individuals with classic MFS [ 5 10 11 12 ] . It is clear from the studies reported so far, that genotype-phenotype correlations are not straight-forward for FBN1 mutations.
[ 4 ] The first randomised controlled trial of mefloquine prophylaxis in heterogeneous, non-immune Western travellers was published in 2001 and found that one-third of all mefloquine users reported neuropsychiatric adverse effects and 6% of all users reported at least one severe adverse event (defined as requiring medical advice).
AICD = activation-induced cell death; CTLA = cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen; ELISA = enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay; FITC = fluorescein isothiocyanate; IL = interleukin; PE = R-phycoerythrin; PG = proteoglycan; PGIA, proteoglycan-induced arthritis; SCID = severe combined immunodeficient; TCR = T-cell receptor; TGF = transforming growth factor; WT = wild-type.
Unfortunately, patients hospitalized with severe sepsis may be unable to complete a QoL measure or it may be too burdensome.
Patients that appear to be at risk for such a complication are those with severe coagulopathy (i.e.
Because all patients with sepsis syndrome also meet the criteria for 'severe sepsis' (the term that is most popular now), below we use the term 'severe sepsis'.
In humans, our group and one other have demonstrated marked alterations in MHC expression in the diaphragm in severe emphysema [ 12 13 ] . This shift toward slow MHC isoforms has been proposed to subserve an adaptive resistance to fatigue in the human diaphragm in emphysema which is similar to that seen in the animal model.
A physiologically significant shift toward slower MHC isoforms does occur in elastase-induced emphysema in rodents as it does in severe human emphysema, but in the animal model the shift occurs at the faster end of the isoform spectrum, primarily between the type II isoforms.
In summary, we identified a unique pattern of NOS upregulation in the murine lung with severe hypoxia-induced pulmonary hypertension, which may be important when considering studies using NOS-deficient mice.
Unfortunately, because VSL is specified as quadratic in age, extrapolation beyond the range of the data can lead to a very severe decline in VSL at ages beyond 75.
Of course, cell-phone users, who don't remember what it felt like to live without the threat of severe mental impairment hanging over them, will rationalize the rat news.
According to the Supreme Court's interpretation of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964--the basis for most harassment cases--harassment is actionable when it is "sufficiently severe and pervasive to ...
Despite severe unemployment, Danes still live the good life (great health care, seven months of paid maternity leave, social harmony).
"Elliott Abrams is a severe, insightful critic of the assumptions that have brought the American Jewish community to its current predicament," says Mark Miller in the Weekly Standard . Liberals rebuke Abrams for his alarmism about intermarriage.
The offstage hero: former Red Wings star Vladimir Konstantinov, who, a year after suffering severe brain damage in a car crash, was rolled onto the ice in his wheelchair to celebrate this year's championship.
Reporting President Daniel arap Moi's election to a fifth five-year term in chaotic and controversial polling in Kenya, the Kenyan daily the Nation emphasized the problems he was now facing, especially "severe criticism by the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund," which were withholding aid payments "citing tardiness in effecting reforms in the energy and telecommunications sectors and in tackling corruption generally."
Newt Gingrich confidently predicted a severe recession.
To present the Huang story as something new, reflecting the uniquely severe moral failings of William Jefferson Clinton, is absurd.
The effect on his athletic performance might be severe.
Research shows, for example, that patients' SF-36 scores consistently improve after hip-replacement surgery (for severe arthritis) and prostate surgery (for trouble urinating) when they're done right.
USA Today goes with the severe storms that are forecasted to punish both coasts starting today.
The year is 1964 and all seems well, notwithstanding the recent Great Famine, perhaps the most severe in human history and almost entirely Mao's fault.
In effect, Nixon's misdeeds () so dwarf Clinton's--even the most severe charges of suborning perjury--that Republicans could wind up bollixed.
This time around, the problem seems to be more severe.
The Fray's reputation as a home for hostile, rude, and mean-spirited exchanges suffered a severe beating at the hands of the "Reading" thread, which was so civilized that participants suggested taking insulin shots afterward.
Many apartheid-era blacks claimed mixed ancestry in order to avoid more severe restrictions, often changing family names and falsifying birth records.
Presented with a sentence containing two adjectives in succession ("Jason Tiddlywinks gives a funky, severe performance"), Schiff would say, "Choose one."
Never mind that under NATO's plan, the bombing will become more severe each week.
The particular mission of these institutions--training new doctors, developing new methods, treating the poor--is paid for not by patient fees but by federal funds, and cuts have been severe.
Sang said the organizers, Turner Sports, assured her they would cover all costs after a highly publicized vaulting accident July 21 left her with severe spinal cord damage.
The team concluded that severe air pollution existed before the air attacks, which had merely worsened it in some places.
But, on the whole, I felt moved by the level of energy and feel that the show provides a welcome antidote to the New York scene, which at the moment is suffering from a severe case of theory-itis.
The problem is especially severe among men in their 50s, of whom 6,103 killed themselves in 1998, an increase of 45.
Thanks to world capital flow, says Sweeney, "financial collapses have grown more severe and more frequent."
The South China Morning Post of Hong Kong described the action as a severe blow to efforts to normalize diplomatic relations between China and the Vatican and said that "the timing of the ceremony at a Beijing cathedral appeared to be an open challenge to the Pope, just hours before he was due to ordain 12 new bishops from around the world at St. Peter's Basilica in Rome."
The NYT even goes out of its piece saying that the vote revealed a severe split in the Republican Party that may be hard to patch up.
Optimally, the drug will cut the length of a flu bout by 40 percent, and significantly reduce the chances of escalation into a severe case.
For those classmates with severe anatomy burnout (“I can't remember anything !”) we devised the acronyms teon (Two Eyes, One Nose), and, for the joints of the arm, sew (Shoulder-Elbow-Wrist).
(Further severe criticism appeared in Jewish Language Review 5, 1985, pp. 363-376 and 6, 1986, pp. 416-418).
The disturbance is severe enough to interfere significantly with work or usual social activities or relationships with others.
The grades are easy, moderate, difficult, very difficult or v. diff, severe, very severe or VS, hard very severe or HVS, extremely severe or ES, and exceptionally severe or XS.
It suffers from one severe, reprehensible shortcoming: it lacks an index, something no book should be without.
Within 15 minutes after the impact, debilitating smoke had reached at least one location on the 100th floor, and severe smoke conditions were reported throughout floors in the 90s and 100s over the course of the following half hour.
Owing to their species selectivity, increasing attention has been paid in recent years to identify insect-selective toxins that can be used to develop recombinant biopesticides as a safer alternative to broad spectrum chemical insecticides [ 12 13 14 ] . Several insect-selective toxins have been identified and purified from scorpions collected in different geographical locations [ 2 11 15 16 17 18 ] . However, the Indian red scorpion, Mesobuthus tamulus, known for its severe toxicity [ 19 20 ] received little attention in this regard.
For instance, viruses including Herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) have been known to induce severe alterations of the host translational apparatus, including the up-regulation of ribosomal proteins and the progressive association of several nonribosomal proteins, such as VP19C, VP26, and the poly(A)-binding protein 1 (PAB1P) to ribosomes [ 39 ] . In the case of HIV-1, approximately one infectious HIV-1 genome in an infected cell could be transcribed and translated into 50,000 to 100,000 physical particles [ 40 ] . This poses an immense challenge for the virus to be able to transcribe, splice, transport, and translate its RNA into fully packaged virions in a timely fashion.
This can lead to severe consequences in humans when thiamine is limiting; thiamine deficiency may result in beriberi and the Wernike-Korsakoff syndrome [ 1 2 ] . Being positively charged and present in relatively low plasma concentrations, thiamine movement across cellular membranes requires transporters.
It seems likely that the C-terminal disruption of sα i2 (replacing the 24 C-terminal amino acids) is a more severe disruption than the A327S substitution.
In contrast, cells expressing a non-phosphorylatable myosin II construct (3xAla myosin cells) display severe myosin overassembly into the cytoskeleton [ 11 ] , and excessive myosin localization to the cleavage furrow during cytokinesis [ 7 ] . The 3xAla myosin cells also display severe defects in chemotactic cell migration, demonstrating the importance of proper myosin II assembly dynamics in this process [ 12 ] .
Mutant embryos shown here are those exhibiting the most severe mutant phenotypes.
The defect is not severe enough to block or dramatically slow lateral outgrowth.
ISA became progressively more severe, profoundly affecting all eyes by 23 months (Table 1, Figure 1).
Retinal and optic nerve damage is more severe in AKXD28 than D2
Mice at 18 or 19 months had no more than a moderate loss of RGCs, and only 1 of 11 mice older than 20 months had severe RGC loss.
The severe atrophy extended to a level outside of the inner nuclear layer (INL) and often outside the choroid (Figure 3e).
Strikingly, all old AKXD28 mice have severe retinal ganglion cell loss typically associated with severe optic nerve excavation, whereas, few old D2 mice have severe RGC loss and optic nerve excavation is rarely, if ever severe (defined here as extending to a level out side of the inner nuclear layer).
Strikingly, all old AKXD28 mice have severe retinal ganglion cell loss typically associated with severe optic nerve excavation, whereas, few old D2 mice have severe RGC loss and optic nerve excavation is rarely, if ever severe (defined here as extending to a level out side of the inner nuclear layer).
Observed clinical phenotypes were recorded at the time of examination and rated as normal, mild, moderate, or severe based on the following criteria.
Ocular lesions were rated as normal, mild, moderate, or severe using previously published criteria [ 11].
The incidence of drainage structure abnormalities and synechiae deemed severe enough to significantly decrease or prevent aqueous humor drainage was recorded by careful analysis of many sections from different regions around these eyes (see Methods).
The nature and variability of anterior segment phenotypes of Bmp4 +/-heterozygotes resemble those we reported in mice with dominant mutations in the forkhead box genes Foxc1 and Foxc2 [ 42 ] . However, the Bmp4 haploinsufficient phenotype is typically more severe.
The angles of every high quality section were included and angles whose morphology suggested drainage was not possible were rated severe.
Some patients might have more tissue damage and/or more severe pain than others.
Small markers which do not contain the PWS/AS deletion interval are associated with a normal phenotype [ 8 ] . Larger idic(15) duplications are typically associated with a more severe autistic phenotype than that seen in cases of interstitial duplication [ 5 6 7 9 10 11 12 ] . The increased severity may be due to the presence of two additional copies of this region, however these duplications also extend significantly farther telomerically and therefore contain more duplicated genes.
The importance of the Tec kinases in antigen receptor signaling was first demonstrated by the observation that mutations in BTK result in the human disease X-linked agammaglobulinemia (XLA) and the murine counterpart X-linked immunodeficiency ( xid ). These severe B cell immunodeficiencies are characterized by diminished numbers of mature B cells and reduced immunoglobulin levels associated with impaired PLC-γ activation and Ca ++mobilization in response to surface IgM stimulation (sIgM) [ 8, 9, 10, 11].
Thus, some of us recently showed that administration of two self peptides that can induce EAE, myelin proteolipid protein peptide 139 to 151 (PLP139-151) or myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein peptide 35-55 (MOG35-55), can result in severe anaphylactic reactions [ 14 ] . This result clearly indicated that severe allergic reactions to self peptides can occur in mice that have been induced to express pathology (i.e.
recently demonstrated that strong IgG1 responses can be induced in NOD mice that have been immunized subcutaneously with insulin B chain peptides administered in physiological saline [ 15 ] . However, both studies showed that anaphylaxis can be induced in such mice upon subsequent re-challenge with preparations of the peptides used for immunization [ 15 ] . Moreover, the anaphylactic reactions in mice that had been immunized and challenged with G7 peptides were severe, with reductions in body temperature that were very similar to those observed in mice exhibiting IgE-dependent passive systemic anaphylaxis and with a very high fatality rate (12/14 mice, or 86%).
Although we have not tested lower amounts of dsRNA for P, the severe loss of P protein at 10 nM dsRNA and only a slightly greater loss with higher dsRNA concentrations (Fig.
In general, genome-length RNAs of both positive and negative sense could, therefore, be potential targets for RNA interference, resulting in severe inhibition of replication.
Two ~150-bp deletions (Δ16-18 and Δ19-21) have even more severe effects, reducing both transformation frequency and colony size to the levels of the enhancerless core, within experimental error (Fig.
The observation that repression is restored more completely in V29W-T91I than in V29W-Y85H indicates that the effects of the V29W substitution are more severe in the pocket where A-10 is bound.
A severe delay in glucose-mediated regulation of the GIRE-containing fatty acid synthase (FAS) gene is found in both USF-deficient mice, although insulin response was unaltered, indicating that the USF1/USF2 heterodimer is implicated in FAS expression [ 14 ] .
The toxicity of these vectors is well documented [ 6 5 ] . Systemic delivery of adenovirus vectors induces mild liver damage at low dose (10 9iu in mice) and severe hepatitis and bone marrow necrosis at high dose (10 11iu in a mice).
Indeed, alterations in AVP regulation and secretion are thought to be one possible biochemical abnormality in patients with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) [ 15 16 17 18 ] . This disorder is characterized by sudden, recurrent thoughts or images that intrude into consciousness (obsessions) driving stereotyped acts that the person feels compelled to perform (compulsions) [ 19 ] . Interestingly, patients with OCD show elevated basal levels of AVP in the cerebrospinal fluid and exaggerated plasma levels of AVP in response to hypertonic challenge [ 16 ] . Many patients with anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa, both compulsive eating disorders, have abnormal levels of AVP in the cerebrospinal fluid and plasma [ 15 17 ] . Pediatric patients with severe OCD have low levels of AVP in cerebrospinal fluid, while a subgroup of pediatric patients with compulsive checking rituals has elevated AVP levels [ 18 ] . Hence, there are many clinical examples of compulsive behavior associated with a perturbation in the AVP system.
Because of its metabolic role, drugs which interfere with MAOA such as clorgyline have been used to treat ADHD [ 64 ] . The most notable of MAOA polymorphism was a nonsense mutation that led to a complete loss of MAOA function in males showing extreme forms of impulsive behavior and aggression [ 65 ] . More recently, the association with aggression was replicated in a study showing that maltreated children with certain alleles of MAOA were more likely to show aggressive behaviors [ 66 ] . MAOA male knockout mice also show high levels of aggression [ 67 ] . Less severe genetic variants are known to exist in MAOA which have been studied as candidates to explain various dimensions of psychiatric illness.
Several physiological and biochemical changes distinguish plant genotypes during and after cold acclimation [ 5 6 7 8 9 10 ] . One such distinction among genotypes is tissue water content that decreases more rapidly in certain genotypes than others during the cool autumn season [ 11 12 13 ] . Martin [ 11 ] observed from field results that northern selections contained less tissue water in late autumn than did those selected farther south where winter freezing conditions are less severe.
Criteria for inclusion for postoperative pain were: full journal publication, randomized controlled trials which included single dose treatment groups of oral rofecoxib and placebo, double blind design, baseline postoperative pain of moderate to severe intensity, patients over 15 years of age, at least 10 patients per group, and the pain outcome measures of total pain relief (TOTPAR) or summed pain intensity difference (SPID) over 4-6 hours or sufficient data to allow their calculation.
Interestingly, a similar whole-body accumulation of plant sterols, less severe than in human sitosterolemia, has been reported recently in SHR, SHRSP and WKY rats, but not in the other genetically related rat strains, such as SD, Wistar and WKA rats [ 16 ] . These rats exhibit defects at two levels: increased absorption of sterols (plant and animal) at the intestinal level and decreased excretion of sterols into bile [ 16 ] . The higher sterol absorption in the intestine and the lower biliary excretion of plant sterols in these rat strains led us to hypothesise that Abcg5 or Abcg8 gene mutations may be responsible for the sitosterolemia observed in these hypertensive rats.
Sulfasalazine (SSZ) is a widely used and highly effective anti-inflammatory agent in the treatment of Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis [ 1 2 3 ] . SSZ is also being used with increasing frequency in the treatment of various rheumatolgical disorders [ 4 5 6 7 ] . SSZ is preferred over other agents such as gold and penicillamine in rheumatology patients due to its more favorable side effect profile [ 8 9 10 ] . Nonetheless, rash, fever, and dyspepsia occur in 3% to 20% of treated patients [ 7 11 12 ] . These reactions are usually dose dependent and improve with dose reduction or discontinuation [ 7 12 ] . However, more serious but less common side effects have also been reported [ 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 ] . We now report a severe systemic reaction to SSZ in a 21-year-old female with rheumatoid arthritis characterized by granulomatous infiltration of the bone marrow, colon and small bowel as well as cholestatic hepatitis and seizures.
In retrospect, her clinical presentation with rash, fever, and lymphadenopathy within 4 weeks of initiating treatment is consistent with severe SSZ toxicity [ 17 ] . However, in this case and others, it can be difficult to distinguish a severe drug reaction from other disease processes such as infection and malignancy.
Both severe hepatitis and acute liver failure have been attributed to SSZ [ 25 26 27 28 ] . Patients with SSZ hepatotoxicity demonstrate a prompt recurrence of symptoms upon rechallenge with SSZ or sulfonamide [ 15 29 30 31 ] . Susceptibility to the toxic effects of SSZ and other sulfonamides may be due to the interaction of metabolic pathways regulating N-acetylation and specific detoxification of the metabolites of the drug [ 32 33 ] . However, it remains unclear if genetic differences in drug metabolizing enzyme expression may increase the risk of SSZ toxicity.
It appears reasonable to reserve steroids for patients with severe systemic SSZ toxicity that fail to respond to supportive care following drug discontinuation.
In addition, some inflammatory bowel disease patients have demonstrated cross-reactivity to 5-ASA products [ 11 ] . If severe symptoms do not resolve with SSZ discontinuation, a short course of corticosteroids may be of benefit.
[ 22 ] observed that fever in severe septic shock patients' was reduced after ibuprofen administration.
Before valve-replacement surgery, her severe pectus excavatum was repaired.
Each patient was diagnosed to have CVID or IgGSD deficiency as an adult because he/she had frequent or unusually severe infections.
Despite this common genetic background, phenotypic expression of sickle cell disease is widely variable, ranging from a mild, asymptomatic course with survival into the sixth or seventh decade to a very severe course with multi-organ damage and early mortality [ 1 ] . Some of the genetic factors contributing to this phenotypic diversity (particularly those linked to the globin genes, i.e. α-thalassemia and β-globin gene cluster haplotypes) have been well recognized [ 2 ] .
In this study, we investigated the relationship of patients' cognitive function to dependence on caregivers before the patients reach a severe stage of the disease.
All patients received standard supportive care including blood component support for severe cytopenias as previously described.
Three (10%) patients experienced severe neurological toxicity (1 with seizure, 2 with severe vertigo) but those complications resolved shortly after the completion of induction therapy.
These animals have muscle cell abnormalities, severe postural anomalies, selective muscle degeneration, and shorter life spans compared to normal controls [ 23 ] .
Although generally thought to have a later presentation [ 1 ] than other primary intestinal malabsorption syndromes, recent reports of infants with SI deficiency indicate the existence of an early onset form (presentation of diarrhea at 2-16 weeks) that is complicated by severe malnutrition [ 2 ] . Starnes and Walsh [ 3 ] observed renal calculi in two adults with sucrase deficiency, but neither patient had evidence of hypercalcemia.
[ 5 ] It seems likely that in some mefloquine users dehydration will impose an added burden on the liver, and that this could contribute to a severe reaction to the drug.
Fluoroquinolones, such as sparfloxacin, of loxacin and ciprofloxacin, are increasingly prescribed in severe cases of traveller's diarrhoea, and have been associated with severe reactions in mefloquine users.
Cryptosporidiosis is caused by a coccidian parasite, Cryptosporidium , which is transmitted in its infective form, the oocyst, by the fecal-oral route [ 1 ] . It causes self-limited, watery diarrhea in immunocompetent individuals but can be severe and life threatening in people with immunosuppressive conditions [ 2 ] . Because of the severe nature of the disease in the immunocompromised, most epidemiologic studies have focussed on people with HIV/AIDS and other immunosuppressed states [ 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ] . What is known about transmission patterns in the general US population is based on studies undertaken during outbreaks of the disease, usually waterborne [ 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 ] . Even though cryptosporidiosis is a reportable disease, limited data are available on the routes of endemic transmission and on accurate incidence rates of cryptosporidiosis, especially in the immunocompetent population.
Of the different types of adverse events, 70% of respondents were most concerned about severe reactions like encephalitis, severe infection, and death; while 18% were more concerned about the more frequent mild-to-moderate reactions, and 11% said they were not particularly worried about vaccine adverse events.
Most previous reports of HTLV-I bronchio-alveolitis reported more frequent and severe pathological and biological abnormalities of bronchoalveolar lavage fluid in patients with HTLV myelopathy or uveitis compared to HTLV-I carriers without apparent disease [ 6 8 14 ] . Since our patients were without overt inflammatory disease, we cannot comment on potential pulmonary function abnormalities in patients with clinical inflammation.
Histological scoring was made with a 5-point scoring system graded from 0 to 4 (0 = normal, 1 = slight, 2 - moderate, 3 = severe, 4 = very severe) based on criteria noted below after examination of four consecutive high-power fields.
The greater the consumption of dietary sucrose, the greater the fall in pH and fraction of acidogenic, acid tolerant bacteria in tooth adherent plaques [ 10 11 ] . The number of these bacteria (mostly mutans streptococci and lactobacilli), and the fluoride content, discriminate between severe and mild caries in 12-15 year-old children [ 12 13 ] . Acid-tolerant bacteria require D-alanyl glycerol lipoteichoic acid (D-alanyl LTA) in their membranes and cell surfaces [ 14 ] . D-alanyl LTA is made by esterifying carboxyl-activated D-alanine to glycerol in membrane LTA by means of a D-alanyl-carrier enzyme, DCP [ 15 ] . Strains of
If pain is severe or uncontrolled, an increase of 50% to 100% should be expected.
This approach can have severe adverse consequences such as the development of osteonecrosis related to glucocorticoid therapy [ 4 ] . Here we demonstrate that detection of ovarian antibodies by indirect immunofluorescence using one specific commercial test system has poor specificity as a diagnostic test.
Some hairy caterpillars have urticating hairs, which can cause severe skin reactions and pain [ 9 ] . It is not known what effect if any the caterpillar venom has on the snake bit remedy.
[ 22 ] , using MRI analytic methods determined that EtOH-related callosal area reductions were most severe in the splenium.
In addition, all respondents were asked to describe the severity of their NVP on a scale of 0-10, with 10 being the most severe, as well as whether or not they had previously used CAM.
We developed performance measures that met several or all of the following criteria: the disease or condition was relatively common and potentially severe; a clinical service that could affect the health outcome of the patient was identifiable; the performance of the indicated service depended in part on the role of a physician or health system and not only on the patient; service performance was potentially subject to financial incentives; it was possible from other research to assume that the indicated service would on average improve outcome; and data to construct the indicator were currently or potentially available.
Several studies have suggested that patient charts do not always adequately report the occurrence of behavioral problems in acute care settings, and only the most severe problems are likely to be documented [ 18 19 20 ] . We felt that the NPI-Q would provide a more objective and reliable assessment of the extent of behavioral problems in this population.
Moody and other researchers have found, that the onset of acute dyspnea in patients who have not experienced dyspnea before, may cause severe anxiety in both the patient and the caregiver.
Here we show for the first time that the ERα protein is expressed in normal and marginally abnormal placentae (normal placental types) but barely detectable in placentae exhibiting moderate and severe abnormality (abnormal placental types).
The same cells cultured in PhR-/E2- medium showed severe retardation of syncytium formation in early and late cultures (Fig.
The mother can no longer detect abnormalities in the LIFR null pups severe enough to stimulate culling behavior.
Disease severity was assessed every other day using an established macroscopic scoring system ranging from 0 to 4: 0, normal; 1, detectable arthritis with erythma; 2, significant swelling and redness; 3, severe swelling and redness from joint to digit; and 4, maximal swelling with ankylosis.
Because the clinical picture of RAD in some of the patients was severe, with clear systemic and articular symptoms, their RAD had been diagnosed elsewhere.
We show here that mice deficient in IL-4 develop arthritis that is significantly more severe than in wild-type animals.
These inflamed regions displayed intimal layer thickening and some infiltration of mononuclear cells, although not as severe as in RA samples, and noninflamed sites showed a normal intimal layer and no leukocyte infiltrates.
1c,1d), although the degradation in the 'moderate' group was more severe and homogeneous than in the 'mild' group (the control images and abundant experience with this model system supports the implicit assumption here that the initial [before IL-1] distribution of GAG was homogeneous).
To determine whether TGF-β1 expression could inhibit the mild inflammation induced by intra-articular injection of high doses of adenovirus or the severe inflammation occurring in the AIA model, the levels of white blood leukocytic infiltrate in the synovial lavage fluids were determined (Fig.
The selection of biopsy material with detectable lining layer and sufficiently large size for analysis may have biased our results toward patients with more proliferative synovial lesions, and possibly more severe disease.
Anti-Sa antibodies identify a male predominant subset of RA patients with severe disease
HC+ patients had a 3.4-fold elevation in α LCTX levels, and a 2.2-fold elevation was seen in NC+ patients, indicating that the more severe condition in the HC+ patients is reflected by the α LCTX marker.
The main reason for ICU admission, whether the admission was after emergency surgery, and the presence of severe chronic illness were documented in accordance with the original definitions [ 2].
Our database also has more severe chronic illnesses (32%) compared with 5-29% in different participating ICUs in the APACHE II development database.
However, the use of a physiological dose of steroid in patients with sepsis, severe sepsis, and septic shock has not yet been completely evaluated.
Sepsis is a severe and life-threatening disease.
The purpose of this investigation was to establish whether these trends also held for the subjective effects of AT III in severe sepsis.
Future studies of critically ill patients with severe sepsis or other conditions should include long-term follow up of patients throughout hospitalization and after hospital discharge.
In addition, even though hand ventilation was not available during simulated transports with the LSTAT ventilator, there was no difference in the time to diagnosis or treatment for either the tension pneumothorax or the severe adult respiratory distress scenarios.
On the basis of their findings, the investigators concluded that PCT, CRP, white blood cell and body temperature does not discriminate SIRS from sepsis, and PCT was the only parameter to discriminate between sepsis and severe sepsis [ 9].
This procedure was repeated after removal of another 5-10 ml/kg blood (for generation of severe but reversible hemorrhage).
Mild and severe homorrhagic hypotension created average reductions of 33% and 53% in MABP, respectively.
In those experiments [ 47, 48], severe hemorrhage (45-47 ml/kg versus 30 ml/kg) might have contributed to ischemia/reperfusion injury, leading to persistent mucosal hypoperfusion and elevated tissue P CO 2 -Pa CO 2 gap.
Multiple logistic regression analysis was then performed to identify independent risk factors for severe QTc prolongation.
43; P < 0.001) for severe QTc prolongation, while female sex was associated with a relative risk of 3.69 (95% confidence interval 1.27-10.
Activated protein C, an endogenous plasma serine protease with antithrombotic, profibrinolytic and anti-inflammatory properties [ 1 2 3 ] , is an important modulator of the host systemic response to severe infection [ 1 ] . Recently, recombinant human activated protein C (drotrecogin alfa [activated]) was approved for the treatment of adult patients with severe sepsis.
Studies were classified as 'controlled' if they included a blinded placebo comparison with drotrecogin alfa (activated; Xigris ®, Eli Lilly and Company, Indianapolis, IN, USA); 'open-label' if drotrecogin alfa (activated) was administered in a single arm study conducted at prospectively identified and trained investigative sites; or 'compassionate-use' if drotrecogin alfa (activated) was provided on emergent request to noninvestigator clinicians treating patients with severe sepsis.
Of the remaining nine patients, three had severe thrombocytopenia (platelets ≤ 30,000/mm 3) and three had an elevated international normalized ratio greater than 2.0.
One of these involved thrombocytopenia (platelets 19,000/mm 3) with severe coagulopathy (partial thromboplastin time ≥ 150 s).
some patients with multiple trauma) or patients with severe thrombocytopenia (i.e.
1%) was similar to the background rate for ICH reported for patients with severe sepsis.
• ICH during infusion period of drotrecogin alfa (activated) was frequently associated with severe thrombocytopenia and/or meningitis
Hospital length of stay (LOS) before and after the onset of severe sepsis and total hospital charge were obtained from the unified Academic Medical Center Consortium hospital billing database.
Interventions used frequently after the onset of severe sepsis included PACs (19.
Approaches such as protocols for early recognition and treatment of severe sepsis, and facilitation of medication orders that are really needed urgently may be helpful.
Furthermore, the present study was larger and we included patients with more severe disease (ratio of fractional inspired oxygen to PaO 2 : 139 in the present study versus 168 in that conducted by Kiefer and coworkers).
In severe systemic inflammation in humans, however, enormous levels of ProCT and other component peptides appear in the serum, while mature serum CT remains normal or only minimally elevated [ 17].
Patients experiencing the severe stress of critical illness demonstrate higher than normal amounts of circulating cortisol.
Splenectomy should be reserved for those patients with severe rupture or those with continued or recurrent bleeding [ 26].
Recurrent, severe ischemic discomfort and new or recurrent ST-segment elevation ≥ 0.1 mV in at least two contiguous leads, either persisting for ≥ 30 min.
Whereas ablative mutations of Tlr4 abolish the capacity to detect LPS, the question arises as to whether less severe mutation might alter either the specificity of LPS detection, as discussed above, or the magnitude of the LPS signal.
The two common pathogenic mutations in ND6 (Met64 → Val and Ala72 → Val) lead to a less severe and a very severe form of LHON, respectively [ 12].
Indeed, a rapid search of the Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man database (OMIM [ 18]) for genes associated with the terms 'severe' and 'disorder' confirmed that mutations of GALC, LAMB3, GJB2, JAG1, TGFBI, LPL and LDLR were the origin of serious disorders: Krabbe disease, Herlitz junctional epidermolysis bullosa, autosomal dominant deafness - Vohwinkel syndrome, Alagille syndrome, corneal dystrophy, type I hyperlipoproteinemia and hypercholesterolemia, respectively.
Local normalization techniques are mostly discussed in the context of cDNA arrays [ 16, 17], where the intensity dependence can be severe.
This is particularly important considering that within a few hundred base pairs, there are several potentially functional polymorphisms which show apparently independent disease associations with severe malaria [ 1 2 3 ] . Alternatively, these TNF SNPs may be serving as neutral markers of functional polymorphisms elsewhere in the central MHC.
By comparison, RNAi surveys of all predicted genes on a C. elegans chromosome have found a smaller percentage of genes with phenotypes: 14% for chromosome I [ 63 ] and 13% for chromosome III [ 64 ] . Surveys of expressed genes reveal an intermediate level of 27% with phenotypes [ 65 ] . Further, selecting for C. elegans genes with expressed Meloidogyne homologs led to enrichment for genes with severe phenotypes by RNAi such as embryonic lethality or sterility as compared to the overall dataset (Figure 5) (For a complete tally of all observed phenotypes see Additional data files).
Further, we sought to correlate changes in MHC and SERCA expression with the physiologic function of diaphragm strips in vitro . We hypothesized that we would identify significant alterations in MHC (and perhaps SERCA) expression in the emphysematous rat diaphragm similar to those identified in humans with severe emphysema, and that these changes would be accompanied by corresponding changes in contractile properties.
Possible total scores range from 0 to 28, with higher scores reflecting more severe asthma.
Upregulation of all three NOS isoforms following severe hypoxia has been reported in rats [ 4, 13, 14, 15, 16].
The pulmonary hypertension in mice exposed to hypoxia from birth was more severe than we had observed in previous studies of 4 weeks of hypoxia in mature animals [ 9].
It also threatens severe impairment of the judicial function by sifting out cases presenting constitutional challenges in order to insulate the Government's laws from judicial inquiry.
Screening tests designed for patients with more severe problems (6 drinks) will be less sensitive at identifying patients with less severe problems (3 drinks).
The screening procedure can have a net with larger or smaller mesh that can be set for more or less severe alcohol problems.
Patients in the emergency setting range from those with no alcohol problems to those with severe dependence.
DiClemente noted that some trials have found patients with more severe problems being helped; others have helped patients with more moderate problems.
2 This process may identify patients who have not yet developed severe dependence, thereby pre-venting the development of more intractable stages of alcoholism.
Integrated mental health and substance abuse treatment for severe psychiatric disorders.
In general, more severe responses (such as acute effects) occur at higher concentrations of the toxicant, and less severe responses (such as chronic effects) occur at lower concentrations.
Consequently, installation of these technologies on many coal-fired utility boilers is not expected to result in severe changes in demand for the hardware items listed.
This is done to account for the likelihood that an average case of pollution-related CB is not as severe.
These Year 2000 conversion efforts are often conducted under severe time constraints that, without adequate management attention, could result in a weakening of controls over the integrity of data and programs and over the confidentiality of sensitive data.
Rather than simply count the number of forecasts it made-that is, to simply gather data on its activity level-NOAA began to measure the extent to which it could increase the lead time or advance notice it gave the public prior to severe weather events.
The analysis concluded that the rule as proposed in 1993 would have had severe adverse effects on small businesses.
In April 2000, the airport surveillance radar at Boston's Logan Airport was ripped from its mounting pedestal during severe weather conditions, severely reducing the number of flights in and out of Logan Airport.
May not be so severe.
For six years he begged for his food, learned to meditate, and practiced severe self-mortification, but still felt no nearer to understanding life’s suffering.
Each room has something of note but look for the pediment of a lion tearing apart a bull, dating from the sixth century b.c. in room 1. Pediment depicting a triple-headed demon, and a kouros (male statue) named The Calf-bearer — a young man carrying a calf to ritual slaughter at the temple — are both displayed in room 2. Kritikos Boy and Blond-haired Boy — two sculptures carved in the “severe” style fashionable around 480 b.c. are displayed in room 6. Panels from the Ionic frieze that decorated the Parthenon are in room 8, and the original Caryatids can be found in room 9.
You might face severe punishment from those very proud Torontonians if you don’t begin your waterfront tour with a trip up the CN Tower.
Without trees to absorb the moisture, monsoon rains run off rapidly, swelling the rivers and causing severe floods downstream in India and Bangladesh.
This wasn't a case of misinterpretation--the book has very severe problems, which were barely touched on even in the harsher newspaper reviews (which, in any event, are unlikely to have much effect on Encarta 's sales).
Is the problem now more severe?
Only last year did the country begin to emerge from a severe depression, but it still lacks consistent electricity in Tbilisi, its capital.
Thyroid problems can be hard to detect and can cause severe, unexplained depression.
Abner Louima plans to hire Johnnie Cochran to represent him in a half-billion-dollar lawsuit against New York City for police brutality , according to the New York Post . Four cops have been charged with assaulting the Haitian immigrant and buggering him with a toilet plunger, causing severe injuries.
A majority of economists believes that during a severe depression--which certainly doesn't describe America right now--it's important to pay people to do make-work (digging ditches or restoring hiking trails will also do).
Scientists are befuddled about its relationship (if any) to global warming: Some say global warming is making El Niño more severe; others say El Niño is making global warming more severe.
Another special case is where one member of a couple has a severe genetic disease.
Yet governments are no more stupid or irresponsible now than they used to be; how come the punishment has become so much more severe?
There have been complaints by a small percentage of Norplant users of severe pain or scarring from having it removed.
Yes, reports suggest that teen-age marijuana use has risen five percentage points since 1992, but the big news of the 1995 National Household Survey on Drug Abuse is that people over 35 have the most severe drug problems.
Ingest these toxic bacteria, and you experience watery diarrhea and severe abdominal pain at first, bloody stools next.
If severe enough, even wrinkling or hair loss can be considered medical problems.
And the Times says severe cases can result in arthritis, and nervous system and heart damage.
In 1992, a commission chaired by Andrew Cuomo, now the federal housing secretary, released a study showing that up to 30 percent of single homeless men suffered from severe mental illness, and 65 percent used drugs or alcohol.
For those of us with lifelong, debilitating, severe, and chronic depression, Prozac is literally a lifesaver.
But the fabric has severe weaknesses, as I found out from testing a Wickers brand long sleeve T-shirt made of pure polypropylene ($17.
The U.S. had been counting on Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto to do these things, but as a result of his party's severe election losses, he resigned Monday.
But overlaid on these long-term difficulties is a severe recession.
Short of bringing your own dinner in a paper bag (only acceptable for Carol Channing and people with severe food restrictions), Prudie suggests you incorporate the following two ploys: Do not finish everything you are served, and push the unconsumed portion around on your plate.
A writer chronicles the transformation of her baby nephew, born with a severe genetic cranio-facial disorder.
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, who wrote the 5-4 decision, found that school districts can be liable for damages for failing to stop a student's severe and pervasive sexual harassment of a classmate.
The Coca-Cola crisis in Belgium last month was due more to a mass psychological problem than to anything wrong with the drink itself, according to research reported in this week's edition of the British medical journal the Lancet . Coca-Cola was banned in Belgium, Luxembourg, and France after more than 100 people, many of them children, claimed to have suffered severe nausea and headaches after drinking it.
The severe drop in preference points illustrates more acutely the ancient principle of being a big fish in a small pond.
Across this hemisphere, according to the scientists at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, severe storms--meaning more than 2 inches of rainfall in a 24-hour period--are up about 20 percent compared with the century average.
"Let's face it, the pathologies are severe in these areas," Jackson said.
Tuesday's declines were the most severe in more than a year: The Dow Jones industrial average fell 3.2 percent, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq dropped 5.5 percent.
But, the LAT points out, this seems unlikely to work because when an all-Euro force was on the ground in Bosnia, there was severe tension between the countries involved and the U.S., which didn't have ground troops at risk.
USA Today leads with a forecast that this week severe late-winter snow storms will hit much of the country east of the Rocky Mountains, while tornadoes will hit Texas, Arkansas, and Missouri.
The shock was severe enough to strike her dumb, and she was committed to a London hospital.
The lawyer serves his client by employing his most impressive language: the collision was one of “great force and violence,’ the injuries “severe,’ the pain “excruciating,’ and the mental anguish “extreme.
First, simply, in a severe error within the definition.
The grades are easy, moderate, difficult, very difficult or v. diff, severe, very severe or VS, hard very severe or HVS, extremely severe or ES, and exceptionally severe or XS.
I saw equally severe prejudice against people of darker skin, often including Negroes, by non-Whites in two major Asian countries in which I worked (1968-70, 1978-83) and in fourteen sub-Saharan African countries in which I worked (1972-74).
When diabetes took his sight he suffered severe depression, became withdrawn, and all but refused to leave his home until he went for rehabilitation training at WBRC.
This is important because the on-o Boolean idealization is quite severe.
The Cotswold style, with its relatively severe details and blunt forms, created a very different setting from French Provincial, which tended to have more delicate details, from Free Style with its almost rustic atmosphere, or from sturdy Colonial.
The latter reported multiple attacks planned over the coming days, including a "severe blow" against U.S. and Israeli "interests" during the next two weeks.
Study guidelines caution against a hasty HF diagnosis in patients with severe pulmonary disease, including chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), pneumonia, or other severe, documented lung disease.
HIV-1 infection can cause extensive neuronal loss and clinically, a severe dementia.
For W89F and W89Y, the changes in K i observed for lerisetron were much smaller than for the alanine mutations at Y142A and Y152A, as would be expected for the less severe nature of these mutations.
The present study indicated that severe changes in Ocl morphology are associated with the cells' inability to carry out resorption in the osteosclerotic estradiol-treated mouse.
In contrast, cells expressing a non-phosphorylatable myosin II construct (3xAla myosin cells) display severe myosin overassembly into the cytoskeleton [ 11 ] , and excessive myosin localization to the cleavage furrow during cytokinesis [ 7 ] . The 3xAla myosin cells also display severe defects in chemotactic cell migration, demonstrating the importance of proper myosin II assembly dynamics in this process [ 12 ] .
In some differentiating cell types, changes in both gene transcription and proliferation are regulated by the same transcription factor [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ] . CCAAT/Enhancer Binding Protein alpha (C/EBPα) is a transcription factor that is required for the differentiation of a number of tissues [ 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 ] . Mice homozygous for C/EBPα null alleles have severe defects in tissues involved in metabolic homeostasis [ 19 20 21 ] . Cellular proliferation is elevated in the liver of these knockout mice [ 22 ] suggesting that C/EBPα blocks proliferation in vivo.
We reasoned that pJC4 may have caused more severe migration defects than pJC8 and pJC3 because in pJC4 the titrating sequence was closer to the promoter and was thereby more accessible to binding factors.
Interpreting these data is, however, problematic, as a high proportion of 16°C embryos showed moderate to severe developmental malformation, making measurement of body and leg length difficult.
8 ± 1.8 mmHg at 15-18 months (when synechiae were often moderate or severe).
By 18 months RGC loss was severe in all AKXD28 eyes.
Optic nerve excavation was histologically evident in 27 of 27 AKXD28 mice that were 18 months or older and was typically severe (Table 1).
Clinical fundus examinations agreed with histological findings showing obvious, severe optic nerve damage in successfully analyzed old AKXD28 eyes but not in D2 eyes.
Strikingly, all old AKXD28 mice have severe retinal ganglion cell loss typically associated with severe optic nerve excavation, whereas, few old D2 mice have severe RGC loss and optic nerve excavation is rarely, if ever severe (defined here as extending to a level out side of the inner nuclear layer).
Thus, the duration and magnitude of IOP elevation does not seem to underlie the more severe damage in AKXD28.
TRAN was ranked as peripheral (transillumination limited to peripheral iris), mild (individual specks of transillumination across iris), moderate (individual specks and focal areas of mass transillumination), or severe (majority of iris transilluminates easily, frequently through holes).
Nerves rated as severe contained numerous damaged axons throughout the nerve, had grossly disrupted nerve morphology and sometimes contained few, if any, healthy axons.
Our observations of greater deficits of the b -wave extend our analysis to the entire retina and are consistent with the histologic abnormalities that are more severe in the inner retina.
The major difference in most Bmp4 +/-eyes with low IOP was the presence of severe dysgenesis of the ciliary body that was likely to severely decrease aqueous humor production.
Since the influence of non-specific binding is more severe for probes where no or little specific hybridization occurs [ 8 ] , we treat the problem as one of detecting a threshold value that is both determined by the highest signals attributable to spots representing non-specific hybridization and the lowest signals from spots where sequence specific hybridization must be assumed.
Genetically, the T Wis allele acts as a dominant negative in that T Wis / T Wis embryos have a more severe phenotype than the null T/T embryos.
Alternatively, other hnRNP proteins compensate for reduced levels of the A2/B1 transcripts, just as cells can tolerate severe reductions in the levels of the related hnRNP A1 protein [ 46 47 ] .
Studies of IL-7R mutants showed relatively normal thymocyte maturation at fetal stages, albeit with reduced thymocyte numbers, in contrast to a severe block in thymocyte differentiation in adult thymus [ 49 ] . Analysis of cytokine mutants during fetal stages could therefore reveal a more complete picture of the role of these cytokines during fetal thymus development.
Streptococcus pyogenes causes a variety of diseases in man ranging from mild suppurative throat and skin infections like pharyngitis and erysipelas to severe invasive conditions such as necrotizing fasciitis and streptococcal toxic shock syndrome [ 1 ] . One of the most widely recognized putative streptococcal virulence factors is the oxygen-stable hemolysin, streptolysin S (SLS).
Since NNR viruses co-opt the cellular translation machinery, the interferon response thus causes severe inhibition of viral translation.
In contrast, cell-cell contact in wild-type and control-infected, but not HIV-1-infected podocytes, caused a severe down-regulation of cyclin D 1 transcript and protein concomitant with the up-regulation of synaptopodin, a podocyte differentiation marker [ 7 28 ] , by the end of the 14-day differentiation period.
Tryptophan was the bulkiest substitution we introduced and it resulted in a fairly severe represser defect when present in both halves of the dimer (2V29W).
It is notable that the K61M substitution, which was designed to preserve the aliphatic characteristics of the lysine side chain while eliminating its amino group, causes a severe repressor defect in mutant homodimers.
Microscopic examination revealed severe muscle necrosis (fig 5) that was accompanied by a severe polynuclear eosinophilic and mast cell infiltration.
In case of tumours that are poorly permissive to adenovirus, it is difficult to transduce a large number of tumour cells with adenoviral vectors without inducing severe liver damage.
In the most severe and worst case scenario, application of a sharply-defined band pass filter to pure noise would result in a spectrum with a pseudopeak at the center of the filter's band.
It is interesting to note, however, that in newborn mice a brief local application of 2 mM domoic acid to the exposed cortical surface led to a massive degeneration of AMPA/KA GluR receptor positive Cajal-Retzius neurons [ 44 ] , severe impairment of cortical neuronal migration in vivo and malformation of the domoic acid-treated neocortex [ 44 ] . Thus, because 1 mM domoic acid was clearly toxic to cerebellar granule neurons both in vitro (our current study) and in vivo [ 44 ] , we selected 1 mM domoic acid for the experiments with rat neonatal microglia reported herein.
The complete lack of PR-1 induction supports our contention that npr1-2 is indeed a null mutant or perhaps a severe hypomorph.
The five included studies were of generally high reporting quality (quality scores of 4 or 5), known to be associated with minimal reporting bias [ 30 31 ] . They all had a placebo control, used standardized pain intensity and relief scores in adult patients with established pain of moderate or severe intensity, and measured outcomes over at least six hours.
(1997) [ 27] reported that acetic acid-induced colitis was more severe in iNOS -/-deficient animals, consistent with a protective role of iNOS derived NO in colitis.
In retrospect, her clinical presentation with rash, fever, and lymphadenopathy within 4 weeks of initiating treatment is consistent with severe SSZ toxicity [ 17 ] . However, in this case and others, it can be difficult to distinguish a severe drug reaction from other disease processes such as infection and malignancy.
Our patient had severe cholestatic hepatitis with coagulopathy.
In cases of fulminant hepatic failure and agranulocytosis, several patients have died despite the use of steroids [ 27 28 37 ] . Intravenous immunoglobulin was reported as a successful "rescue" therapy in a patient with SSZ induced fulminant hepatic failure and erythroid hypoplasia who had not responded to steroids [ 25 ] . Due to the infrequent occurrence of severe SSZ toxicity that does not improve with drug discontinuation, it is unlikely that randomized controlled trials of steroids or other interventions will be performed.
Although rheumatology patients may be at increased risk of SSZ toxicity compared to IBD patients, there are no reliable laboratory or clinical predictors of SSZ toxicity [ 45 ] . Therefore, practicing physicians should be aware of the potential for severe, unexplained granulomatous reactions to SSZ that can mimic other infectious, malignant, and autoimmune conditions.
Isolate 14-P4 containing 45% resistant virus caused significant clinical disease in mice, only marginally less severe than that observed with HSV-1 SC16.
For example, exon-skipping mutations in the central region of the gene, exons 24-32, cause severe phenotypes or neonatal presentations [ 8 ] . But there are exceptions, only four of the many other mutations in this region cause severe phenotypes, while one mutation predicted to lead to skipping of exon 24 was found in a patient with classic MFS [ 5 ] . In contrast, most cysteine substitutions cause classic MFS with a high frequency of lens dislocation, although some patients in our study did not meet the Ghent criteria for diagnosis of MFS [ 9 ] . Amino-acid substitutions not disrupting disulfide bonds may be associated with fibrillinopathies other than MFS, although mutations in the calcium-binding consensus sequence have been reported in individuals with classic MFS [ 5 10 11 12 ] . It is clear from the studies reported so far, that genotype-phenotype correlations are not straight-forward for FBN1 mutations.
During early childhood, she developed severe progressive thoracolumbar scoliosis (>80 degrees) requiring spinal fusion procedures.
Because a SWISS proband might erroneously believe that a sibling never had a stroke, discordance is considered verified only if the sibling can be contacted for a structured telephone interview and gives negative answers to all 8 items on the Questionnaire for Verifying Stroke-Free Status (QVSFS) (Table 1) [ 57 58 ] . Discordant siblings are excluded if they are deemed unreliable historians in the opinion of the interviewer administering the QVSFS on the basis of global impression of moderate or severe impairment of speech, language, hearing, or memory.
2 locus [ 9 ] . Mutations in the LMNA gene associated with DCM have a more severe prognosis and higher-event rates compared to individuals with DCM that do not have LMNA mutations [ 20 ] . A recent report describing another family with a LMNA mutation causing DCM and conduction system disease documents the need for permanent pacemaker implantation [ 21 ] . Previous reports on the proband's kindred support a high-event rate in family members often resulting in sudden cardiac death even in family members with permanent pacemakers [ 10 ] . For example, ten out of 38 family members with pacemakers for high-grade atrioventricular block died suddenly.
In comparison to patients with other causes of ESRD, the patients with HIVAN included in the DMMS wave 2 study were younger, the majority were African-Americans and had lower serum albumin and more severe acidosis.
[ 20 21 22 23 ] Not only have remission and survival rates not been increased but the direct effect of growth factors on the untreated leukemia has led to severe toxic reactions and death.
Three (10%) patients experienced severe neurological toxicity (1 with seizure, 2 with severe vertigo) but those complications resolved shortly after the completion of induction therapy.
Another is that doctors see prognostic signs of severe disease that are not measured by our covariates, and therefore prescribe more treatment.
5) [ 20 ] ; type III 3-MGC aciduria (Costeff optic atrophy syndrome) (Mendelian Inheritance in Man database *258501) was described in patients of Iraqi-Jewish origin with bilateral optic atrophy accompanied in some by movement disorders and caused by mutations in the OPA3 gene [ 21 22 ] ; and type IV 3-MGC aciduria (Mendelian Inheritance in Man database *250951) presents with moderate to severe neurological disease, cardiac, ophthalmic, hepatic, and renal symptoms and it has been associated with mitochondrial disorders (Pearson syndrome, mitochondrial DNA depletion) or multiple respiratory chain defects [ 23 24 25 26 ] . This group does not have a defined primary biochemical or molecular defect.
As in these other states, there were generally few claims related to NRL reactions, and with few exceptions most claims were not severe in nature.
[ 5 ] A 20-year old French traveller, concurrently taking an oral contraceptive, had epileptic seizures in her sixth week of mefloquine prophylaxis, directly after 'severe exertion'.
It has been known for some years that mefloquine users who take co-medications are about 1.5 times more likely to experience an adverse drug event than those users who take no co-medications, and twice as likely to experience severe adverse drug events.
Cryptosporidiosis is caused by a coccidian parasite, Cryptosporidium , which is transmitted in its infective form, the oocyst, by the fecal-oral route [ 1 ] . It causes self-limited, watery diarrhea in immunocompetent individuals but can be severe and life threatening in people with immunosuppressive conditions [ 2 ] . Because of the severe nature of the disease in the immunocompromised, most epidemiologic studies have focussed on people with HIV/AIDS and other immunosuppressed states [ 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ] . What is known about transmission patterns in the general US population is based on studies undertaken during outbreaks of the disease, usually waterborne [ 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 ] . Even though cryptosporidiosis is a reportable disease, limited data are available on the routes of endemic transmission and on accurate incidence rates of cryptosporidiosis, especially in the immunocompetent population.
Since human infection with Cryptosporidium parvum was first documented in 1976 [ 1 ] , this protozoan parasite has been recognized worldwide as a major cause of diarrheal disease in humans [ 2 ] . In healthy, immunocompetent persons, C. parvum causes a self-limited diarrheal illness (cryptosporidiosis); however, in persons with severe immunosuppression, particularly those infected with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and who have developed acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), the diarrhea can be prolonged, severe, and life-threatening [ 3 4 ] . Currently there are no effective chemotherapeutic agents against cryptosporidiosis [ 5 ] . Cryptosporidium oocysts are found in the feces of infected humans, livestock, and wild animals [ 6 ] . Humans acquire the infection through person-to-person or animal-to-person contact, ingestion of fecally-contaminated water or food, or contact with fecally-contaminated environmental surfaces [ 7 ] .
Studies have suggested that tuberculosis and HIV may have a particularly severe impact on young women in a low-income setting [ 25 ] . We did not find that HIV-infected women fared any worse from tuberculosis than men.
Histopathological analysis of abdominal aortas collected from transgenic, infected and irradiated animals revealed severe vasculitis characterized by significant inflammatory infiltrate in the adventitia and media (Table 2), (Fig.
Evidence for severe heart failure was markedby significantly reduced left ventricle fractional shortening (controls63.
When initiating or titrating analgesics, it is not necessary to traverse each step of the model sequentially; a patient with severe pain (7-10/10 on a numerical or visual analogue scale - NAS or VAS) may need to have step 3 opioids from the outset.
Given the lack of symptoms/characteristics associated with trisomy 13 (multiple congenital anomolies with severe cognitive delays) we hypothesize that the derivative X chromosome is the inactivated X, thus sparing the patient the expected phenotype.
Hunting dogs may be stung by scorpions of the Buthidae family ( Tityus trinitatis ). The effects of the sting can be severe.
A Xanthosoma species has been tentatively identified in an Aztec herbal [ 103 ] . A Xanthosoma species called "chou poivre" was rubbed on the body by the Caribs in Dominica as a charm before going to war [ 103 ] . Another species called "chou froidure" was used as an infusion for chills [ 103 ] . Xanthosoma auriculatum leaf sap is used in Brazil for severe wounds and skin diseases [ 103 ] . Xanthosoma brasiliense and Xanthosoma undipes probably contain irritating compounds that irritate mucous membranes [ 138 129 ] . Xanthosoma brasiliense belongs to the Araceae family, which generally contain glycoflavones, flavonols and proanthocyanidins.
Nausea and vomiting during pregnancy (NVP) affects up to 80 % of all pregnant women, and has a significant impact on the quality of life of those who experience it [ 1 2 ] . The effects can range from mild nausea to more severe forms such as hyperemesis gravidarum , which is characterized by an intractable nausea and vomiting so severe that it can lead to hospitalization.
Similarly diffuse signal patterns did not appear as punctate when tissue was subject to less severe unmasking conditions.
The caregiver then ranks the severity of the behavior exhibited on a scale of 1 to 3, with 3 being the most severe.
[ 6 ] Patients with severe dyspnea who are in hospice care most often manifest the associated symptoms and problems of anxiety, fatigue, and sleeplessness which in turn affect functional status and cognitive status, and subsequently decrease quality of life.
During the third trimester, and after 34-36 weeks of pregnancy in particular, the placenta may develop an abnormality, often classified as placental aging [ 19 20 21 22 23 24 ] . These abnormal placentae are characterized by generalized interstitial fibrosis and fibrinoid degeneration of villous stroma, and are associated with cellular apoptosis and congestion of villous sinusoids [ 24 25 26 27 ] . Immunohistochemically, villous abnormality is associated with progressive diminution of Thy-1 differentiation protein in the villous core [ 28 ] . Marked changes in villous structure are particularly associated with advanced maternal age [ 29 30 ] . We have recently reported that, with respect to the Thy-1 expression, compensatory dilatation of villous sinusoids, and placental expression of low molecular weight cyclin E variants, the term placentae can be classified into four placental types (PT1-PT4) [ 30 ] , where PT4 corresponds to the most severe placental abnormality.
Table 1shows that abnormal placentae include either advanced placental aging with an excess of villous blood sinusoid dilatation (PT3) or severe villous immaturity without significant dilatation of villous sinusoids (PT4).
Virtual lack of in vivo ERα expression seems to be an additional indicator of moderate and severe placental abnormality.
Disease severity was monitored every other day using an established macroscopic scoring system ranging from 0 to 4: 0, normal; 1, detectable arthritis with erythma; 2, significant swelling and redness; 3, severe swelling and redness from joint to digit; and 4, maximal swelling with ankylosis.
Screening clinical assessments included vital signs, counts of tender and swollen joints, the patient's global assessment and assessment of their pain, and a physician's global assessment using a 7-point Likert scale (0 = none, or good, to 7 = severe, or very bad).
In IFN-γ-deficient mice, not only was the proportion of animals with arthritis lower than in the other groups, but also their reduced susceptibility was further mirrored in the significantly less severe paw swelling (Table 1).
Our findings are also interesting in light of the case-control study by Vingård [ 15] of 239 men with BMIs greater than the mean + 1 SD for the general population; that study did show an increased risk of developing severe hip OA in these individuals than in individuals with a BMI less than the mean + 1 SD.
This young tissue still contains blood vessels, and it is in the perivascular regions that IL-1-induced GAG depletion is most severe.
In contrast, mice deficient in TTP and TNFR-2 show a more severe phenotype, suggesting a protective role for this receptor [ 27 ] .
Anti-Sa identifies a subset of male RA patients with severe disease.
These data are consistent with observations in a French RA cohort, where anti-Sa and SE were associated with severe radiographic erosions [ 9].
Risk factors determined for the syndrome include: age [ 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12], imbalance of electrolyte [ 5, 7, 10], hypotension [ 1, 7], hyperglycemia [ 1, 7, 8], azotemia [ 7, 12], fever/hypothermia and infections [ 5, 7, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15], use of multiple drugs and withdrawal of alcohol [ 7, 8, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16], male sex [ 7, 10], severe diseases such as cancer, cerebrovasculary or cardiopulmonary disease, malnutrition and burn [ 1, 5, 7, 8, 15, 16, 17, 18], patients who have been operated on and kept in ICUs [ 4, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 19], and psychosocial environment [ 1, 3, 5, 20].
Some patients had more than one severe chronic illness.
The prevalence of occult AI (a cortisol increment after a short ACTH test of less than 9 mg/dl) in severe sepsis was estimated at about 50% and the 28-day mortality rate at about 75% [ 17].
Forty patients with sepsis, severe sepsis and septic shock were included in this study.
[ 17] reported that 50% of patients with severe sepsis had occult AI.
QoL gives information on what medical care has achieved for the patient, but severe sepsis is a difficult area in which to obtain such information.
The results of the study indicate that, over a 90-day period, survivors of severe sepsis receiving AT III experienced substantial and statistically significant improvements as compared with placebo in several attributes of QoL.
In the simulations of tension pneumothorax, severe adult respiratory distress syndrome, and cardiac tamponade, the number of anesthesiologists unable to make a correct diagnosis or provide the correct treatment within 5 minutes was evenly divided between the two study groups.
Another group from Germany reported average PCT concentrations of 0.4 ± 3.0 ng/ml for SIRS, 0.5 ± 2.9 ng/ml for sepsis and 6.9 ± 3.9 ng/ml for severe sepsis.
Removal of 20-25 ml/kg blood, while maintaining a MABP equal to or higher than 35 mmHg, was considered severe hemorrhagic hypotension.
Statistical evaluation was performed in the seven rats that completed mild and severe hemorrhage with resuscitation.
The Pe CO 2 -PaP CO 2 was significantly increased after mild and severe hemorrhage, and returned to baseline values following blood reinfusion (Fig.
In order to identify potential risk factors for severe QTc prolongation, univariate analysis was conducted using the χ 2test, Student's t test, or Mann-Whitney U test.
Patients with severe QTc prolongation also had lower serum calcium levels (8.
Activated protein C, an endogenous plasma serine protease with antithrombotic, profibrinolytic and anti-inflammatory properties [ 1 2 3 ] , is an important modulator of the host systemic response to severe infection [ 1 ] . Recently, recombinant human activated protein C (drotrecogin alfa [activated]) was approved for the treatment of adult patients with severe sepsis.
Table 1lists the seven clinical studies that enrolled adult patients with severe sepsis and that were completed or ongoing as of 12 April 2002.
Based on the approved recommendations for the USA, patients receiving drotrecogin alfa (activated) in commercial use would have been expected to have severe sepsis and have been at high risk for death (e.g.
Meningitis was present in two of those five events, and severe thrombocytopenia (platelets ≤ 30,000/mm 3) was present in four of those five events.
Serious bleeding event rates for both active treatment and placebo patients enrolled in clinical trials of drotrecogin alfa (activated) probably underestimate the bleeding risk for all patients with severe sepsis.
Indeed, serious bleeding events in drotrecogin alfa (activated) patients appear to be associated with severe thrombocytopenia, suggesting that this characteristic may be a risk factor for bleeding complications.
However, all patients experiencing ICH had a diagnosis of severe sepsis and a platelet count of 30,000/mm 3or less, suggesting that the event rate for the severe sepsis population overall may exceed 0.4% [ 12 ] . In a recently completed phase 2 trial of platelet activating factor-ase, an ICH event rate of 2.3% (1/43) was reported in placebo-treated sepsis patients (Opal S, personal communication).
Drotrecogin alfa (activated) significantly reduces mortality in severe sepsis.
Because all patients with sepsis syndrome also meet the criteria for 'severe sepsis' (the term that is most popular now), below we use the term 'severe sepsis'.
Additional data, including information on antibiotic use, treatment modalities (pulmonary artery catheter [PAC] use, ventilator support, pressor support, albumin infusion, het-astarch, and dextran), complications (ARDS, renal failure, liver failure, DIC, and shock), and associated outcomes, were abstracted 28 days after the first onset of severe sepsis or at the time of death or hospital discharge, whichever came first.
There was significant variation in mean total charges among admissions with severe sepsis among the study centers, varying from $65 162 (median $42 802) to $244 293 (median $181 758; Table 2).
Overall, we found moderate variation in resource and therapeutic modality use among patients with severe sepsis in academic centers.
• Moderate variation in resource use and use of technologies was present in treatment of severe sepsis among academic centers
Interestingly, in humans with severe systemic inflammation, very high serum levels of ProCT and its component peptides are accompanied by normal or only slightly increased levels of mature CT [ 17].
Although many clinical conditions can cause a low SVR, septic shock remains the most common cause and usually results in a severe decrease in SVR.
Although other conditions such as head injury [ 38, 39, 40], Paget's disease [ 41, 42, 43], arteriovenous fistula [ 44], severe anemia [ 45, 46], multiple myeloma [ 47], thyrotoxicosis [ 48], and spinal cord injury [ 49] have been reported to produce a low SVR, this patient lacked any clinical evidence suggesting one of these diagnoses; his hypotension resolved spontaneously.
Bein et al also found that patients with more severe lung disease (Murrary Lung injury score more than 2.5) did not respond to rotational therapy, whereas those with less severe disease (less than 2.5) had significant changes in P a O 2 /FIO 2 . This can be explained by the changes in ARDS with time, as the lung evolves from a wet, heavy, atelectatic lung to a brittle fibrotic lung [ 12].
In one early study using recombinant protein, a single intra-arterial injection of 500-1000 μg VEGF165 into rabbits with severe experimental hind limb ischemia increased collateral vessels, as detected by angiography and histological analysis [ 6].
The two common pathogenic mutations in ND6 (Met64 → Val and Ala72 → Val) lead to a less severe and a very severe form of LHON, respectively [ 12].
Hereditary spastic paraplegia (HSP), a class II assembly disorder, is characterized by progressive, usually severe, lower extremity spasticity due to degeneration of the long axons of the central nervous system (while the cell bodies remain intact).
Andrews et al . [ 16] suggested that the number of genes in Drosophila might be a severe underestimate, based on 7,297 testes EST sequences they generated and aligned to the annotated genome.
The availability of both avirulent and virulent strains of these pathogens facilitates identification of genes that are important for resistance, as well as those expressed during disease development [ 19 20 21 ] . Moreover, both of these pathogens cause severe damage to crops of economic importance, such as tomato and crucifers [ 19 ] . We also treated plants with SA and methyl jasmonate (MJ) because both are important signaling molecules implicated in plant responses to pathogens, herbivory and wounding and they induce different aspects of the SAR [ 22 ] .
All were parents of children who presented to hospital with severe malaria.
Despite these limitations, we believe the present study results may be generalized to persons with moderate to severe asthma.
The major finding of this work was the upregulation of lung expression of eNOS and possibly iNOS in mice with severe hypoxia-induced pulmonary hypertension.
Despite the increase in eNOS, however, the mice developed severe pulmonary hypertension; this suggests either that NO production was not increased (see below) or that NO was consumed.
The restriction imposed by the statute here threatens severe impairment of the judicial function.
screening with a low cut point on the AUDIT identified more people with severe alcohol problems and alcohol dependence than did not using a uniform screening method.
The authors suggest that this type of intervention alone is insufficient for patients with more chronic and severe alcohol dependence.
46,47 Should we triage the most severe problem patients into a more intensive intervention in the emergency setting?
At follow-up, it is the non-students and students with more severe problems who are more likely to improve.
She noted that we have to help patients who have severe alcohol problems.
Thus, if all patients with severe problems stopped drinking, a substantial number of patients with alcohol-related problems would still present to the emergency department.
In general, more severe responses (such as acute effects) occur at higher concentrations of the toxicant, and less severe responses (such as chronic effects) occur at lower concentrations.
Reducing ozone levels will result in fewer hospitalizations, emergency room and doctors visits for asthmatics, significantly fewer incidents of lung inflamation for atrisk populations, and significantly fewer incidents of moderate to severe respiratory symptoms in children.

(1991) estimate of the WTP to avoid a severe case.
Benefits for each of the categories - minor health effects, severe and chronic health effects (which include chronic bronchitis and premature mortality), and visibility - were adjusted by multiplying the unadjusted benefits by the appropriate adjustment factor, listed in Exhibit 10 below.
NOAA concluded in its 1995 strategic plan that the nation's ability to prepare for severe weather events, including tornadoes, thunderstorms, hurricanes, and flash flooding, depends on the quality and timeliness of the agency's observations, assessments, and information delivery.
The American Public Power Association commented that conversion to secondary status would have a severe impact on the limited budgets of small, non-profit public utility systems.
Since CPAs are not required to belong to the AICPA in order to conduct public company audits, the most severe sanction would only serve to save the CPA some dues without any other practical effect.
The need for volunteers is most severe outside the five-county Atlanta metropolitan area, where 70 percent of the state's poor people are served by only 24 percent of the state's lawyers.
But Assisi’s frescoes of the saint’s life, painted by Cimabue and disciples of Giotto (which barely survived the severe earthquake of 1997), proved an immensely effective act of artistic propaganda against the prevalent libertinism and heresy.
The church of the Gesù, severe and relatively discreet on its own square west of the Piazza Venezia, was a major element in the Jesuits’ Counter-Reformation campaign.
Although rule began in repressive fashion, gradually, by the mid-1960s, severe ideological doctrines were being relaxed.
Cave No. 14 has suffered severe damage.
