You needed this- orange leaves and winding roads, the sound of her voice and the radio humming softly in the back of the car.
I didn’t ask her; soon I heard the soft splashing sounds of the water, and jumped...
For a while there was the sound of yelling and doors slamming, and then an entourage of hansom cabs drove up the road, containing Noon and his escort.
The sound of the rain on the roof!
The sound was loud, but didn't muffle out everything else.
I scratched the pillowcase, making a soft sound to help distract myself.
He falls exhausted to the ground and the sound of the snow crunching beneath his body fills his frozen ears.
He can hear the sound of nearby cars driving by and he lifts an arm uselessly.
Felicia, Does this sound right to you?
Ensure wildlife programs are based on sound science.
His lips contorted as if they had lost their ability to shape sound.
I don't think the audience is laughing at Coons; the laughter has an incredulous, oh-my-god sound to it.
ase after case, regulators continued to rate the institutions they oversaw as safe and sound even in the face of mounting troubles, often downgrading them just before their collapse. And where regu
Fact: Sound is a vibration.
Sound travels as a mechanical wave through a medium, and in space, there is no medium.
The ship had all the usual accoutrements (artificial gravity, tastefully painted walls, sound dampeners to keep the noise of the engines from driving the crew batshit insane, recycled air systems), and a few less-usual: lush carpeting, lighting that was decorative as well as functional, spacious corridors.
Fact: The speed of sound in dry air at twenty degrees Celsius or sixty-eight degrees Fahrenheit is three hundred and forty-three meters per second, or one thousand one hundred twenty-five feet per second.
Repeat it enough times, it's just a sound.
Adrienne shook her head and made a sound of disgust.
Fact: Sound is a vibration.
The speed of sound in dry air at twenty degrees Celsius or sixty-eight degrees Fahrenheit is three hundred and forty-three meters per second, or one thousand one hundred twenty-five feet per second.
May be Sung to 'The Sound of Music'.
Since light travels faster than sound, isn't that why some people appear bright until you hear them speak?
sounds of frantic pecking on keyboard.
More screaming and the sound of rushing water.
Curious about its depth they threw in a pebble and waited for the sound of it striking the bottom, but they heard nothing.
Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky.
All four people move closer to the TV as PERKINS turns the sound on.
Now that the international character code ISO 10646 is out, isn't it time for communication systems to be able to not only exchange pictures and sound but also plain text?
The pulse from inside made the building sound like a giant heart.
Footsteps echoed through the stone chamber, and the sound reflected back to me from everywhere.
PIRATES OF THE CARRIBEAN: DEAD MAN'S CHEST by Ted Elliott & Terry Rossio [view looking straight down at rolling swells, sound of wind and thunder, then a low heartbeat] Scene: PORT ROYAL [teacups on a table in the rain] [sheet music on music stands in the rain] [bouquet of white orchids, Elizabeth sitting in the rain holding the bouquet] [men rowing, men on horseback, to the sound of thunder] [EITC logo on flag blowing in the wind] [many rowboats are entering the harbor] [Elizabeth sitting alone, at a distance] [marines running, kick a door in] [a mule is seen on the left in the barn where the marines enter] [Liz looking over her shoulder] [Elizabeth drops her bouquet] [Will is in manacles, being escorted by red coats] ELIZABETH SWANN: Will...
PIRATES OF THE CARRIBEAN: DEAD MAN'S CHEST by Ted Elliott & Terry Rossio [view looking straight down at rolling swells, sound of wind and thunder, then a low heartbeat] Scene: PORT ROYAL [teacups on a table in the rain] [sheet music on music stands in the rain] [bouquet of white orchids, Elizabeth sitting in the rain holding the bouquet] [men rowing, men on horseback, to the sound of thunder] [EITC logo on flag blowing in the wind] [many rowboats are entering the harbor] [Elizabeth sitting alone, at a distance] [marines running, kick a door in] [a mule is seen on the left in the barn where the marines enter] [Liz looking over her shoulder] [Elizabeth drops her bouquet] [Will is in manacles, being escorted by red coats] ELIZABETH SWANN: Will...




BAYOU: Tia's shack [bayou with fireflies, and an iguana on a tree trunk on the left] [the iguana eats a firefly with a quick slurping sound] [people are occasionally seen standing quietly in the darkness among the trees] JACK SPARROW: No worries, mates.
So we've established my proposal is sound in principle, now we're just haggling over price.






Although the multi-paned windows are present at an upper level of the wall, the corner of the room is glazed with large, mullionless sheets of plate glass, offering dramatic views of Long Island Sound.
Your mom and aunt sound great.
He had filled his pen and raised it, the nib descending towards the paper, before the sound came: the gentle, persistent tapping of the gnarled, primeval willow touching the window with long, insistent fingers.
He spoke the last word with such heavy intonation that Allan shrank back before the physical wave of sound emanating from Arthur's throat.
reading a pathology book,listening music and wondering what movie is the one running on tv with muted sound..
Browsing: Christine Vachon - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia url Browsing: Dirty Laundry (2007) url writing a business plan, under the defining sound of god/dess laughing uproariously Reading: The Long Tail: Are dead-tree magazines good or bad for the climate?

From digital picture and sound to new premium packages and a really cool picture-in-picture guide, it’s television you have to see to believe.
DTV offers more than 200 channels, delivered with a picture as bright and as sharp as you’d see on a movie screen and crystal clear sound that rivals your favorite CD.
Hong Kong has a vast range of the most high-tech audio-visual, sound, and screen equipment.
Doesn't that sound like celebrating a defeat rather than celebrating a victory?
SOUNDS LIKE THIS IS GOING TO BE A GREAT BACHELOR PARTY.
My absolute favorite of these semantic mistakes, however, does not come from the problem of sound.
, or the `sound effect for sudden destruction' (int.)
Mudd, roaring with laughter, immediately blanked out the sound.
Anthony Quinn performs the syrtáki dance (in fact an amalgam of several different traditional dances), to the sound of the bouzoúki, a stringed guitar-type instrument that produces melodic, slightly metallic sounds.
In the great dome’s interior rotunda, painter George Southwell’s murals illustrate the four virtues that “made” British Columbia: Courage, as shown by George Vancouver confronting the Spanish at Nootka Sound in 1792; Spirit of Enterprise, with James Douglas establishing Fort Victoria for the Hudson’s Bay Company in 1842; Work, by those who had to build the Fort; and Justice, meted out to the unruly mob engaged in the 1858 gold rush.
To drive home his point that inaction, like action, requires justification and bears consequences, Clinton distilled his frame job to a brilliant sound bite: "In dealing with aggressors in the Balkans, hesitation is a license to kill."
Thanks to first-rate sound equipment, though, we hear everything they hear--especially a snapping of branches in the dark outside their tent that escalates into an omnidirectional clatter.
But those falsetto timbres of his make a searing tone, even in a middle register, where tones are usually not searing, and the sound is an X-ray, which penetrates everywhere.
There is no doubt that the book is very well presented, well written, and well organized; moreover, it offers good, sound, accurate information about the lexicon of English.
In all the following cases, the spelling, (apparent) roots, or sound of the word actively suggest a meaning different from the true one.
The acoustics inside the tomb are very precise, exaggerating the sound of your approaching fellow visitors.
"It put a lot of strain on me," he admitted, making Chinook sound not like a machine but like a grizzled counterpart who deserved respect, even affection.
The goal of effective tinnitus management is not necessarily to mask or remove the patient's physical perception of tinnitus sounds.
We are pleased that the Administration has just released the national homeland security strategy and GAO stands ready to work with the Congress and the Administration to ensure that a sound and strong strategy can be effectively implemented to protect the country against terrorism.
Thousands of Boer prisoners were shipped to the colony, and prison camps were established on half-a-dozen islands in Great Sound.
Just beyond the bay, there is a left turn leading to Devil’s Hole Aquarium, at the very southern tip of Harrington Sound.
Although Wal-Mart’s rapid climb has created the most sound and fury, a variety of retailers adopted and adapted different pieces of lean retailing in the early 1990s.
The current issue of a national magazine lists these warning signs: stain, unusual odor, the sound of broken glass or plastic.
The sound is equal parts glam, punk, and metal, and features Cheap Trick guitarist Rick Nielsen.
Participants are invited to submit actual quotations that sound dirty and adolescent enough to be dialogue in his future projects.
PC maker Gateway 2000 bills the Destination Digital Media Computer as an audio/video monster that engulfs you in a "wall of sound" as you play Doom on a 31-inch monitor with a "screaming 300 MHz Intel Pentium II processor."
The discussion of Faulkner's The Sound and the Fury wrapped up with a lively exchange about Faulkner's continuing relevance--particularly regarding race.
When she fails to sell that house, she closes the shades and lets go with a naked wail--it's the sound of a vacuum crying to be filled--then furiously slaps herself while sputtering, "Shut up--you're weak--shut up.
Anthony Quinn performs the syrtaki dance (in fact, an amalgam of several different traditional dances) to the sound of the bouzouki, a stringed-guitar instrument that produces melodic, slightly metallic sounds.
Some sound so real that they flit past like butterflies or called strikes, only to awaken us in the middle of the night with the realization that they cannot be: halcoid, subuculate, Chief Manciple.
Sequences that once were run together by a studio bent on linearity are now fractured and intercut in accordance with Welles' intentions, and the still-astonishing first shot has been shorn of credits and of the Henry Mancini theme that obscured its cacophonous sound mix.
For whatever reason, phrases such as pushing up daisies, breathed his last, is no more, gone to a better world , etc. sound decidedly old-fashioned these days.
The only people to emerge with any credit from this sordid saga are the American people, who continue to show the sound sense they have demonstrated throughout."
"Awesome action and realistic sound effects"
Increasing literacy and pressures towards `correctness' led in England to spelling-pronunciations which caused speakers to restore a whole range of sounds which earlier generations had dropped, like the l in fault, vault, and soldier; the second w in awkward and the sole w in Edward; the t at the end of pageant, respect, and strict; and the d in the middle of the word London and at the end of husband.
The Olympic Peninsula sits perched on the northwest corner of Washington like a small state, an expanse of mountains, rivers, and coastlines wrapped by an arm of the Pacific and separated from the urban swath of Greater Seattle by the inland sea of Puget Sound.
Sound good?
Quemessourit became Missouri, Ookannasa Arkansas, Uneaukara Niagara, Machihaganing Michigan , and Potawanmeac Potomac . English speakers changed the pronunciations because the sound patterns in the Indian languages were so different from those of English that they could not hear, much less imitate, the exact words the Indians were using.
A funny thing or two happened in the pronunciation key: the distinction is made between r as the symbol for the initial sound in rim and rr for the medial sound in marry . Although these are different sounds in many British English dialects, they are not only allophonic but in complementary distribution (that is, they never exchange places), hence do not need separate symbols.
Owen Sound Stun Crimes (Sun Times).
The nightingale Keats heard in a garden in May 1819 was not the music of poetry, but the sound of death, a siren call to suicide.
On Thursday , Fox offers The World's Most Shocking Medical Videos (9 p.m.) and The Learning Channel profiles the sickos who kill leaders in Shadow of the Assassin -- complete with fast-paced footage of famous assassinations, President Clinton's head, and repeated gun-shot sound effects.
This may be sound politics, argues George Will (ABC's This Week ), because midterm elections are often decided by political bases.
I have not been paid one penny for the records, tapes, or motion picture sound tracks made with my voice.
murmur, murmur, murmur, murmur"--we wake up, recognizing the sound of our own inner babble.
Part of the problem is that Italian makes everything sound like a sex act: Menaggio, Dongo, Lemna, Cadenabbia, Faggeto, Bellagio.
aphthong, a letter having no [archaic] sound.
A quick check into the sounds of its era reveals what the set's 198 pages of liner notes don't--that 1959, the year Sketches of Spain was recorded, was also the year The Soul of Spain by the mood orchestra 101 Strings hit the Top 40.
Mark Shields Loves Late Edition : Punditry's leading exponent of redundancy, Mark Shields, plows new ground on NewsHour . Ordinarily, he recycles sound bites from his Friday NewsHour gig on Saturday's Capital Gang . This week, Shields expresses amazement at the White House spin machine's "cautious, almost slow" response to the Chinagate accusations.
3. The new sound system for the New York City Opera that will not amplify voices.
Do I get it when “I shall not want,” four simple one-syllable words, swaying in iambic rhythm, with the shall sliding irresistibly into the breathy w of want calling up the memory of God's “breathing the breath of life” [Genesis 2:7] and man becoming a “living soul” is “improved” to “I shall lack nothing” with its jagged k sound, its materialistic, vacuous nothing , or changed to “I have everything I need” to which “Well, whad-daya know!”
Afro-Cuban traditions remain strong, reflected in music (walk down any street and a cacophony of sounds emanates from unseen sources) and particularly in carnaval, now a pale shadow of its former self — due to lack of resources — but still Cuba’s best.
But Italy’s largest and eastern-most lake is actually shaped more like a banjo, 52 km (32 miles) from the ruggedly romantic cliffs of the neck down to its broad “sound box,” 18 km (11 miles) across, surrounded by rolling green hills and gardens.
Its mockumentary premise: Three young filmmakers disappear while trekking through the woods of Maryland in search of a local witch; a year later, their footage is found and presented as The Blair Witch Project . The trio get increasingly suspicious of each other as they hear eerie sounds in the night and find mysterious bundles of sticks hanging from trees, and by the end they're running for their lives.
This was a confusing half measure, however; the initial ch remained as in the French spelling, representing a Russian letter borrowed from the Hebrew alphabet for the sound represented in English by sh . As a result, many Americans innocently mispronounce the name of the great operatic bass and his descendants.
They order things more neatly in France here, for râle is both the name of the bird and the word for this agonized and agonizing sound.
Songs that I hoped never to hear again--"Hold Your Head Up," "Take It Easy," "Band on the Run," "Free Bird"--sound, in context, startlingly fresh, and Dunph's brown corduroy jacket looks like the one I persisted in wearing into the late '80s when a girlfriend finally took the initiative to drop it down a garbage chute.
In the streets directly below the castle walls, you may well hear the sounds of craftsmen beating copper — from whom you can buy direct.
It surely evolved from earlier use in more literal, straightforward contexts (for instance, to describe the sound of an automobile engine or a musical performance) and ultimately from the long-established and nonjudgmental phrase to make noises (that is, to express oneself about something), a construction that happily accommodates all manner of adjectival prefixes.
Passed from village to village, from hearthside to field and tavern, losing a word here, gaining one there, sometimes so badly pronounced as to change sound, though not sense, the refráin or saying having the almost sacred pan bread as its foundation came to form an integral part of country life.
The reason for this variation is that when the Cyrillic letter that represents our English v -sound is final in a word, as in the nominative case for Gorbachev , it is unvoiced and sounds like f (or ff for good measure); when an inflectional ending is added, as in Gorbacheva (the genitive case), that same letter is voiced, like v .
Over the years, the new sound may acquire its own distinction: a dignified gentleman announcing Ahem! to gain attention, rather than actually clearing his throat, or someone cackling Yukkety yuk yuk! at a lousy joke.
Also, it is likely this kind of analysis will not support the same free-market agenda that bionomics pursues, but then the purpose of sound science is the search for the truth, not the support of a pre-defined agenda.
(2) required audited financial statements annually, and (3) set expectations for agencies to develop and deploy more modern financial management systems, produce sound cost and operating performance information, and design results oriented reports on the government's financial condition by integrating budget, accounting, and program information.
His methods also encourage high prices: The 901s cost $1,400 a pair (some companies make $300 speakers that sound better) because nine cones cost more than two or three; the Wave radio costs $350 because that 7 foot tube was a bear to design.
Auditory spoonerisms preserve the right sound when transposed, but require varied spelling when written.
As for the sounds from other desks, use earplugs or the above-mentioned Walkman to drown out the sounds of celery.
My office is two doors down from his, so there's no escaping the sound.
Magic, the black, mouthy, "Showtime" guard, won over basketball fogies with his sound fundamentals and court intelligence.
There's an edginess, a tough guy's melancholy, to Davis' sound.
The organization is by sound types: Stops, Nasals and Nasalized Consonants, Fricatives, Laterals, Rhotics, Clicks, Vowels, and Multiple Articulatory Gestures, the last being combined sounds.
The current issue of a national magazine lists these warning signs: stain, unusual odor, the sound of broken glass or plastic.
Sound and Light Shows: All the most impressive ancient sites in Egypt have a sound and light show, and it adds an extra theatrical dimension to your Egypt experience.
How sweet the sound.
At the time, the name was much mocked, violating as it did the precept that you don't choose words ending in the sound "iss " because people associate it with disease.
If there are other crimes, they will surely come out in the form of sound evidence, and then there might be a story.
What is the sound of one hand shredding?
In the nation's capital, the sound you hear is of paper being shuffled.
Meanwhile, the music's sound and technology was providing the sonic space and public rituals for hip-hop--as electrifying a pop form as I've ever heard.
There is a notion favored by the bureaucrats in Brussels that products should not be named after a place or sound like some original thing such as champagne or cheddar cheese unless they come from that place.
Only after I had ferried my cart to the next aisle did I figure out what she meant: tsk tsk , that half-pitying, half-disapproving sound made by pressing the tongue against the upper palate and teeth and sucking in slightly.
Through outdoor activities, learning projects, and community service, Girl Scouting provides girls with the tools to face those challenges and make sound decisions.
Starting in August, a $300 million advertising campaign will show jet pilots breaking the sound barrier--and then being magically transported to their bathrooms, where they'll enjoy the quickest, slickest shave in history.
Although Freud, so far as I know, did not discuss Spoonerisms on his classic analysis of slips-of-the-tongue, his theories as to the psychoanalytic implications of transposed sounds, such as those attributed to Rev. Spooner, could have been usefully added to Learn To Spike Lunars [ XVIII , 4] by Robert Archibald Ford.
I heard a big falling sound ... like he was being hurt."
At the west end of Front Street, on the waterfront, you will find the Visitor Service Bureau and the terminal for the local ferries that ply across Great and Little Sound from Hamilton to the southern and western parts of Bermuda.
I like to watch with the sound off, because the sports pundits are no better than the policy pundits, and if I fall asleep during the game, that's fine.
This work has made significant contributions to agencies' abilities to develop and implement sound security policies.
At first I took it to be French because of its sound, but actually it comes from the Dean Martin song That's Amore, which enjoyed enormous popularity here.
Leading organizations recognize that sound planning is not enough to ensure their success.
Every time my browser goes to the page, it hits some sound file that belts out Brokaw's booming baritone: "This is Tom Brokaw.
Yes, at first glance, this alternative derivation would seem to make sense, because hype sort of sounds like hyperbole and sort of means hyperbole . It would also seem to make sense that frosh would be derived from freshman , since it sort of sounds like freshman and sort of means freshman . But it isn't.
Cameramen, sound men, still photographers, and reporters clogged all available space, jostling people as they sat and ate.
Each spelled sound is discussed at the beginning of its alphabetic section, digraphs being treated at the beginnings of the sections for their first letter.
Chatterbox also likes "Incredible Sucking Sound," but doesn't want to annoy Ross Perot.
Kurtz points out that the interview gracefully negates Hillary's previous denials (real, Freudian) of her husband's affairs, and might prevent her "vast right-wing conspiracy" sound bites from being played ad nauseum during the Senate race.
They also noticed the stench of rotting meat from his apartment and they "heard sounds of sawing from his apartment day and night."
The New Radicals sound like Todd Rundgren has just emerged from the cryogenics lab where he's lain frozen since 1972.
Miller describes Bob Marley's stance as "uplifting unruliness," and notes that when The Harder They Come set Jamaica's record for box-office take, it replaced The Sound of Music , "a musical that perfectly symbolizes the goody-goody moralism that, for better or worse, reggae, like rock and roll, mocked, ridiculed, and beat into cultural retreat."
("That giant sucking sound you hear is the sound of the Republican Party sucking up to Buchanan," quips McLaughlin's Eleanor Clift.)
The LAT and the WP allude to Haider's controversial 1991 praise of the Third Reich's "sound employment policies," while the NYT notes his resemblance to Kevin Costner, right down to his "amiable grin."
Hewing to the journalistic dictum to "sell every piece twice," Mark Shields has perfected the art of recycling his own sound bites.
The memory of the first "incident"--the fuzzy, barely audible sound of the person on the other end of the line, interrupted by "break up," the need to scream insanely into the phone, "BRING HOME A QUART OF MILK I SAID" while passersby stare curiously--would be enough to convince people to throw away the damn things immediately.
( USAT says that the plane was weightless for 20 seconds and reached 94 percent of the speed of sound.)
(The sound you hear in the background is my emergency hyperbole alarm going off.)
Masters praised Y2K for its superior sound production, noting that the term features an elegant plosive progression, moving from soft (Y) to hard (2) to hardest (K).
And the headline makes the whole thing sound like science gone mad: "SCIENTISTS PLACE JELLYFISH GENES INTO MONKEYS."
Maybe Nora Ephron and Kurt Andersen write e-mails that sound "Breakfast Table"-y all the time.
Refracted through a British prism, these styles became Merseybeat , the sound of the Beatles . Bob Dylan and The Byrds expanded rock's themes to include the poetic and the political, while Eastern influences and psychedelic drugs changed the music and the culture.
The profile of hirsute New Age physician Andrew Weil criticizes his anecdotal approach to bee-venom therapy, acupuncture, and the like, but concludes that most of his recommendations--low-fat diet, exercise, vitamins--are medically sound.
Some systems offer slightly cheaper rates, but the sound quality is lousy.
Critics dismiss the fourth installment in the Batman series as nonsensical kitsch, a "wild, campy costume party" (Janet Maslin, the New York Times ). Director Joel Schumacher ( A Time to Kill ), a former window dresser, leans heavily on high-concept get-ups (villainess Uma Thurman sports a suit made from 450 Santa Claus wigs) in the apparent hope of deflecting attention from a script that "has the eerie feeling of having no beginning, no middle and no end" (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ). Still, his overwrought attempts to make the film fun--fast editing, crashingly loud sound effects--end up making it "a punishing ordeal" (Alex Ross, Slate).
Although reviewers grant that this production benefits from some nuanced performances, they still conclude that "The Sound of Music isn't really for grown-ups" (Ben Brantley, the New York Times ). They predict audiences will continue to devour the show's sentimental story anyway.
Theater -- The Sound of Music ;
(Thesis sound bite from the speech: "The enemy of our time is inaction."
This description makes Dole's proposal sound more like an old Democrats' big-spending program than a tax cut.
The picture printed, the racket is suddenly replaced by the striking sounds of calm--the low hum of the grandfather's voice, punctuated by the ticktock of the grandfather clock.
The firm, which composed the music and designed the sound for Mischief , counts BMW, Pepsi, and Ocean Spray among its clients.
The pundits happily recycled their hoariest 1997 sound bites in a road-rage rampage of drive-by analysis.
In an editorial, the paper said that "[b]etween rampant organizational chaos, a stingy funeral budget, sound and fury from the Russian Orthodox Church and a growing list of prominent no-shows, this proposed 'act of national repentance and reconciliation' is shaping up as one lousy historical event."
Also drawing wide attention: the only segment of the compilation without a sound track is the one in which Clinton is seen meeting with John Huang.
In 1965, for example, Dylan went electric, abandoning folk's soft sound, earnest politics, and rabidly loyal fans.
The business press is keen on salacious sound bites, because without such enhancement, nobody would give a damn.
Once upon a time a politician had to worry about the reactions of unions, churches, newspaper editors, even local political bosses, all of whom had the time and inclination to pay attention to politics beyond the sound bites.
Britain was vulnerable to speculators in 1992, because there was a sound, if not universally accepted, economic case for devaluation.
Hozell, Isaac Tyo, Climate Lookout, Truth in Science, the Association for the Advancement of Sound Water Policy, Jim Sackman, Back to Eden, Naked Truth , Ryan Hogin, Andrew Zubitsky, the "Newt-O-Meter," the First Church of George Herbert Walker Christ, the Committee for the Former President's Integrity, Steve Tellis, the Tellis Times , and the Commission to Restore the Presidency to Greatness.
One of the hottest retirement communities in Puget Sound, Sequim knows precisely where it wants to go and how many more new golf courses it will take to get there.
Talk-show guests these days often have had formal training in how to avoid answering questions, and every 3-year-old knows how to deliver a prepackaged sound bite.
In the early days of the administration, Days made a legally sound but politically disastrous decision to appeal the child-pornography conviction of a graduate student for having videotapes that showed teen-age models with their clothes on.
This attitude was fueled in part by Bennett's leaks and sound bites about what a big-haired slut she was, and reversed by an influential article by Stuart Taylor Jr. in the American Lawyer . For the same reason that the National Organization for Women can no longer give Clinton the benefit of the doubt in his sexual-harassment case, the media are now in be-extra-fair-to-Paula mode.
DiGenova says he is at a loss to explain, since he and his wife have been "very fair" to the president in their scores of recent appearances on programs including Rivera Live and Crossfire . TV bookers love diGenova because he is a former prosecutor who goes for the sound bite, and also because he is a former independent counsel himself.
Surrounded by cameras, sound men, still photographers, and reporters, he could barely see the audience, let alone take notice of the casualties in it.
And the sound must be interference-free.
As absurd as it may seem, she and Johnson sound like a couple of suitors (click to listen in on the courtship).
and listen for the sounds of happy folks in joyous communion .
We see the bad with the good, the debased and decadent with the sound and the vital.
Chat shows replayed his best sound bite: "Being gay [has] nothing to do with the ability to read a balance book, fix a broken bone, or change a spark plug."
Geoffrey Block, professor of music at the University of Puget Sound School of Music in Tacoma, Wash.
The WP 's "Reliable Source" column says, "A scintillating read, they are not," and Maureen Dowd says they make Gates' life "sound as boring as ours."
I've omitted names of people directly connected with the case--Marcia Clark, Chris Darden, Judge Ito--although Dunne has a way of making their names sound dropped as well.
If this makes Horwitz sound like a journalistic Sherman, he wears his Yankee bias lightly.
The tell us a lot about this recording: First, a superbly voiced E-flat major chord with every instrument audible, the winds biting through the string sound, the timpani crisp yet viscerally forceful.
2 sonatas, for example, don't need a sound source identical to the Hammerklavier . And the coming original-instrument performances of the remaining concertos from Levin and Gardiner promise to be revelatory.
And, all the while, Yuri Bashmet goes threading his way across the foreground, a lonely man with an eerie and haunting sound, sometimes quietly shrieking, sometimes singing lyrically--a heartbreaking figure, heartbreakingly courageous--until, by the end, he seems to be quietly sobbing.
As for Leonardo's "inventions," those that were sound from an engineering point of view were usually borrowed from contemporaries.
The drums, usually so central to jazz, are for the most part rendered useless by the intricately accented horn charts within the 19-piece ensemble sound.
First, a newly prominent form of what is known as "sound symbolism" is crowding out some older ones in competition for a familiar piece of habitat.
There are telltale characteristics, widely if not universally present: the replacement of an initial "th" with a "d" sound ("dis," "dem") and of a medial or final "th" by an "f" or other consonant sound ("with" becomes "wif," "brother" becomes "bruvah"); a reduction of consonant clusters in general (so that "first" becomes "firs" and "hand" becomes "han"); the replacement of a final "r" sound with a vowel sound ("summah" for "summer" and "mo" for "more"); the prevalence of so-called plosive consonants (making a word such as "bill" sound more like "beel"); the placement of stress on a first, rather than a second, syllable ("DEE-troit"); the disappearance of the final "s" from third-person singular verbs ("what go 'round, come 'round"); the dropping of the copula ("I here," "the coffee cold") and of certain tense inflections altogether.
In his book Rock Gold: The Music Millionaires , George Tremlett observes that "people in the music business always talk about [music] with one word that you hardly ever see mentioned in the popular press: Product . Sound recordings may be technically superb, with all the benefits of the latest digital electronics, but it's only 'good' Product, 'live' Product, or 'strong' Product if it sells.
It's repeatedly blotted out by the sound effects that erupt in tandem with every move or twitch on-screen.
Sound of Mind
And while most candidate Web sites are rich in position papers and press releases and sound clips and applets, they're the cyberequivalent of a table set up at a campaign rally where you can pick up brochures.
Sound of the breath blown over the bottle,sound of the reveler home at dawn, light of the sun a warbler yellow, the sun insong-flight, lopsided-pose.
The last thing you want to hear is the sound of your own worn heart.
He looked as though he wasn't sure if he liked the sound of that term.
Her stepping out then forbidding you to do so, even though she is an unwilling sex partner, makes her sound like a perfect candidate for the single life.
It keeps the initial capital A and the first two syllables of "A&A" (pronounced "A 'n' A"); it puns on "eon," which implies longevity and stability--a desirable connotation for an insurance-services company, especially one that has just undergone a major and disruptive change; it has a remote but perceptible similarity in sound to "Bain"; and it gives the company a unique, legally protectable, and memorable name, unlike the generic "Combined Insurance" moniker.
Your value-free ramblings, unconnected as they are to any sense of morality or healthy shame, sound a lot like the greatest hits from a sophomore philosophy seminar.
Even when something new breaks on the Clinton-scandal front, it takes on a familiar sound in "Clinton and the Media."
Lenny Bruce built a routine around the idea that repeating the word "nigger" over and over and over very, very fast could strip it of its cruel power, reducing it to an impotent sound.
Such a long tube gives sound waves lots of room to enlarge.
Although most of the public debate over that agreement focused on alleged job losses or gains (Ross Perot's "great sucking sound" vs. the administration's claim that NAFTA would create hundreds of thousands of jobs), believed that the net effect on employment would be zero.
Sound familiar?
My comment was that there was another possibility besides economics: namely, that black college students might disproportionately prefer spending their disposable income on items besides computers, such as sound systems and cars.
But it's also true, as never before, that the archives of sound and image constitute a continuous retro loop that people can--and will--draw on.
But he has consistently applied the principle of "transparency" and candor, believing this to be the best guarantee of sound policy.
Since then, groups like the Animal Legal Defense Fund--does the name sound familiar?
Jack Nicholson, who starred in Kubrick's The Shining , was the only star big enough to talk about the maestro with anything less than total respect: "Stanley's good on sound," Nicholson said to Time . "Stanley's good on the color of the mike.
I informed him of my CD-ROM/sound card suspicions, and he pried open my computer's metal box and started gabbing about 40-pin connections.
Gerth makes this sound bad, even treasonous.
Q: Is there some sort of hoity-toity name you could give the procedure to make is sound kind of--I don't know--not stupid?
Nicknamed "The Velvet Fog" for his smooth voice, Torme "sang with a geniality that seemed ingrained and a voice that was incapable of making an unpleasant sound" (Holden, the New York Times ). He was most famous for his scat improvisations and enjoyed a renaissance in the 1990s, when, after a lifetime of performing, he was discovered by a younger generation interested in lounge music.
Hazelwood: Pristine waters of Prince William Sound
Other people's chants, particularly when chanted in translation, sound a little silly.
The grueling monotony is broken only at night, when the students go into their tents and the sounds come again and the very celluloid seems to shiver with cold and fear.
We have to fight hard not to compromise the natural sound of the voice and its natural projection."
Not only does Congresswoman Prudie have a nice ring, but your constituents/readers would definitely benefit from all the sound advice you could impart to all those bozos such as Tom DeLay currently taking up space in D.C.
Other characters are only shown reacting to the sound of the gunshot.
I could track Floyd, read Weather Service bulletins, and follow satellite images without having to suffer through moronic anchor-blondes screaming into microphones over the sound of the wind.
It is an odd sound and, like chewing gum, should best be done in private.
The best I can describe the process for me is that it resembles noodling on a piano: I run rhythms and sentences--or maybe not even sentences, the shapes of sentences--across one another, trying out their sounds, and sometimes I get a tune-like combination of sound and syntax that makes me want to go on, extend and refine it, as it comes to dredge sustenance from the great pool of feelings and ideas that accumulates in a life.
To lure Christmas shoppers, the malls promise tree lightings and other "sights and sounds of the holidays."
Sound familiar?"
I put in the sound of cartilage being crunched and show the bright red blood pouring out of someone's nose, and I give you a close up of the other person's broken fingers beginning to swell.
Onomatopoeia has a long, honorable, and pleasurable history—from Aristophanes' brek-ke-kex ko-ax ko-ax to Kermit's ribbet, ribbet —from majestic lines in ancient epic poetry to simple, homey words like plop, splash , and murmur . In every language and time, the sound and look of some words have given clues to their meaning: their sound has suggested their sense.
It is as if you looked up, say, infer/imply in a usage manual and the author's treatment, in place of an explanation and sound advice, were an unpleasant diatribe against anyone so dense and rude as to have had to look up the entry to begin with.
A funny thing or two happened in the pronunciation key: the distinction is made between r as the symbol for the initial sound in rim and rr for the medial sound in marry . Although these are different sounds in many British English dialects, they are not only allophonic but in complementary distribution (that is, they never exchange places), hence do not need separate symbols.
I don't know where the -sh sound arose in nebbish , but in all eastern European dialects of Yiddish the word is nebbikh or nebbakh , with a velar fricative sound that is rendered as -sh by speakers who find that easier to pronounce.
Those who are not intimately familiar, from listening to them on radio and television, with how specific British politicians and entertainers of the decades since WWII sound may find themselves at sea in the rather detailed descriptions (chapters six and seven) of their pronunciations and their effects, good and bad, on the British public.
It is a series of sounds impressed into a kind of semantic slavery, for urltil recently the collocations could do no semantic work on their own in their present form.
Nor does fury sound like bury.
Similarly, the phrase recorded live , while it suggests the overtones of a concert rather than a studio performance, may still sound odd to an untrained ear (this may be termed sound mixing, in a double sense).
According to Wyndham Lewis, the voice of Jacob Barnes contradicts his own character because it makes a man of action sound passive:
How much easier for the tongue to splat itself against the palate and make a ch sound rather than make three more delicate maneuvers to form the sounds of a t , and an r , and a y .
Sometimes the words we use are the sounds of the communicating: whispering, cackling, prattling, chuckling, chortling, mumbling, grumbling.
The text is punctuated here and there by tables showing the progressive development of selected symbols (as, for example, in Sumerian), the Devanagari syllabary (in which several modern and ancient Indian languages are written), the Hebrew, Arabic, and other alphabets, Chinese and Japanese writing, and attractive drawings showing the hieroglyphic (with sound values in English orthography).
What I found was that the syllabics occurred only when the preceding sound was a dental or alveolar (d or t); when it was a velar (k or g), there was enough time for a speaker to release a sound which was more like a full schwa than a syllabic.
“Forced’ for forest would hardly be surprising among German settlers, for Forst is a German word for forest . More intriguing is “meowk’ for milk . In the Bernese dialect of Swiss-German, the l is replaced by a rather indistinct u sound, so that the German Milch becomes Miuch (with “ch’ as in “loch’).
Listen with an attentive ear to the sounds of Inglish and the Englishes of other lands.
Poe, for example, used repetition in his poem The Bells to convey to the reader a sense of actually hearing the tolling of the bells, as though the sounds themselves were imprinted on the page.
Conversing over a noisy telephone line would be impossible were it not for the complexity of speech sounds.
Conversely, if the listener continually finds himself disoriented with each new note, unable to identify any underlying pattern or theme, then the piece seems merely a random collection of sounds and is equally uninteresting.
Yet, as we all know, there are many instances of playful language, which we encounter every day, and there is no sound reason to reject playfulness solely on the grounds that it is “unscholarly” to be jocular.
But on balance Wiltshire's book is sound and sensible, a distinguished contribution not only to Johnsonia but to the wider field of eighteenth-century studies.
Structural categories depend upon changes in the sound of words or upon their appearance in written form, particularly the effect upon spelling.
Since sound and mental image are the keys to good spoonerisms, auditory types are most acceptable.
Meaningless spoonerisms may be amusing in sound, but do not create real words.
Going a step further, linguists have noted the similarity between the sonorous sound manipulations of such artificial words in magical incantations and children's game songs.
This is rendered as `without tone or sound.
Indeed, Langenscheidt's Russian-German Pocket Dictionary has the entry fol'klor which reflects the sound correctly (the letter l has a soft sign after it), meaning Volkskunst or folklore.
But in slovenliness sleeps the sound of new sayings.
[from sound bound.
Sound and Sense
There are linguistic terms for these sorts of sounds, from bilabial implosives—a kiss becomes a smooch —to dental or alveolar stops— tut tut , scolds the cautious professor.
Other spelled-out bodily reactions range from eructation to fright, though admittedly people sometimes over-pronounce the sounds for a humorous effect.
In other countries, animals are similarly saddled with precisely imprecise sound effects, such as gnaf-gnaf for a French poodle, or wanwan for a Japanese akita.
[William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury] 
' For three centuries there was no spelling distinction between the two, but the noun was pronounced with a long “u” sound (COORSE).
xxxii), but that cannot be said to be r -coloring, which we ought to restrict to a sound that has some resemblance to the pronunciation of r .
It has a pleasing sound once used by the poet Burns with his Bonnie Lesley , and its French form is immortalized by the delightful Leslie Caron.
In a Chinese restaurant in Tehran (in 1977) a waitress told me that her name meant the sound of small bells heard tinkling across the valley.
Note that the old t-for-th sound survives also in Esther, Theresa, the river Thames, the British pronunciation of Anthony as Antony, and the name of the spice thyme , usually called time.
[A slightly bowdlerized translation might read: I heard a sound which I took to be the hiss of a snake emanating from a dark corner.
Phoneticians, pronunciation editors of dictionaries, linguists, language teachers, and others who are—and ought to be—interested in and knowledgeable about the sounds of many languages and who have—and ought to have—sufficient background and training to understand the technical materials on which understanding of the text relies will be amply rewarded by this valuable book.
rhotic accent Non-rhotic accents drop the /r/ when it is followed by a consonant sound, as in part.
Undeniable is the grossly comic intention and effect, doubtless a reflection of pop culture's infatuation with the sputtering, guttural, goofy German (rather than Yiddish) sounds of TV's Stalag 17 .
It is probably true to say that an entire book could be written about this recent period in dictionary development, including not only the reflection of sound linguistic philosophy but the effects of the introduction of computers into the dictionary research, compilation, composition, and accession (as through personal computers to CD-ROMS and diskettes): certainly there is more documented information about it than the period of several hundered years covered in the first fourteen chapters of Chasing the Sun .
You can be assured that a donation to the Girl Scouts is a sound investment opportunity.
As their sound developed, they sang at family gatherings, fund raisers and eventually graduated to supermarket openings and proms.
Heart sounds are not the function of the heart.
The cockpit voice recorder captured the sounds of the passenger assault muffled by the intervening cockpit door.
Less than a minute later, the Cleveland controller and the pilots of aircraft in the vicinity heard "a radio transmission of unintelligible sounds of possible screaming or a struggle from an unknown origin."
The results indicate that this assumption is sound overall.
The information about the population behavior of genes estimated from this model is fundamentally important to our understanding of the genetic architecture of a natural or experimental population and is also useful for the design of sound breeding strategies for agricultural crops and forest trees.
These could include hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
• Some patients experience residual inhibition: tinnitus suppression or temporary disappearance following exposure to external sounds.
Depending on test results and individual preferences, patients can increase the level of pleasant sounds in any environment by using hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
The MMG was recorded with acceleration or sound transducers [ 10 11 12 13 14 ] . The technique of recording MMG was refined using piezoresistive silicon accelerometers in a surface mount package [ 15 16 17 ] to provide a reliable acquisition of MMG [ 15 16 ] . Preliminary results showed the potential of the MMG signal to monitor the muscle fatigue [ 15 ] . The EMG and MMG recorded simultaneously from the same muscle seem to have similar behavior [ 3 15 16 ] , i.e. the MF of SEMG and MMG decrease from the very beginning of the contraction, and their RMS values increase.
This problem may be the result of two conflicting design goals: the military needs (low sound and low light emissions) and the needs of the intensive care unit (visual physiologic data presentation and loud auditory signals and alarms).
1. Establishing Emission Reduction Targets, Based on Sound Science, That Will Significantly Improve Air Quality, Protecting Human and Environmental Health: By reducing air pollution, and conducting constant monitoring of emissions, the Clear Skies Initiative guarantees that America's power plants will meet ambitious air quality goals, even as they bring new power plants on line to meet growing demand.
Our intentions are to (1) assist agencies in maintaining sound internal control and (2) help them focus requests for our assistance on the effectiveness of planned internal control for revised payment systems.
If the firm has not made a sound business case, or has been unable to deliver on one or more of the business case factors, it faces a very real prospect of failure-the customer may walk away.
Many diverse methodologies are needed to develop sound and timely answers to the questions that are posed by the Congress.
Leadership-Successfully leads organizational change, effectively communicates the mission and strategic goals to employees and other stakeholders, responds creatively to changing circumstances, and uses sound judgment to make effective and timely decisions.
-- Encouraging large and mid-size law firms to support pro bono through sound, written pro bono policies and an annual, quantifiable means of reporting each firm's pro bono commitment.
Escaping unscathed from the Black Death of 1348 and subsequent plagues, it built up a sound economic base and maintained a strong army with plentiful manpower.
Regiments of soldiers in full dress regalia march precisely to the sound of pipe and drum in the Military Tattoo, and connoisseurs of the silver screen gather for an extravaganza of offerings on celluloid.
Here you can experience an earthquake, touch an iceberg, and listen to the sound of a rain forest all in one place.
The distinctive sound of the cicada chirps through the heat of the day.
The buzzing sound of the wings signals their approach and, if you are lucky, they will fly up and perch on your finger to take the food.
Luxor temple does not have a sound and light show but it is open late each evening, offering you a chance to enjoy the majestic remains under floodlights, a very romantic sight to behold.
The gardens here are famous for their five fountains that imitate the many different sounds of the monsoon, from light showers to torrential storms.
As you cross the bridge, stop in the middle to immerse yourself in the sights and sounds of the people, the blazing neon, and the Dotomburi River below you.
In the streets directly below the castle walls, you may well hear the sounds of craftsmen beating copper — from whom you can buy direct.
You have to move out to the deep-water sounds, however, to get to the big fish such as marlin, sailfish, and tuna.
Southern Eleuthera is served by an airport near the little town of Rock Sound, which is famed for its blue hole, which Jacques Cousteau spent time investigating.
The deepwater sounds are where the big fish such as marlin, sailfish, barracuda, and tuna run.
When Britain’s Queen Elizabeth II made an official visit to the lighthouse, she stopped at the roadside below to admire the view toward Riddell’s Bay and the islands of Great Sound.
The sound, some 3 km (2 miles) in diameter, is thought to be a huge caldera that formed after a powerful volcanic eruption.
The South Road (bus route #1) leads east from the Hamilton area, through Paget and Devonshire parishes to the southern edge of Harrington Sound and then on toward Castle Harbour.
On your way up Harrington Sound Road, you will come to Lemington Caves, a series of caves smaller than Crystal Caves but equally spectacular.
On the north side of the square, the Musée du Fort, 10 rue Ste-Anne, stages a sound and light show alternately in English and French on the military history of Québec City.
The only sound here is that of the wind gently whistling through El Río, the waterway separating Lanzarote and Graciosa.
One of the most popular new tourist treats are the bell-striking and drum-beating ceremonies carried out daily by “warriors” to the sound of re-creations of Tang Dynasty music.
The road west (3 km/2 miles from Cascais) passes Boca do Inferno (Mouth of Hell), a geological curiosity where, in rough weather, the waves send up astonishingly high spouts of spray accompanied by ferocious sound effects.
Following dinner, the jungle, sounds of nature, and a replica of a pyramid are the backdrop for a performance of pre-Hispanic dances with a unique contemporary choreographic twist.
Anyway, wasn't it a "giant sucking sound"?
The LAT is to be saluted for running this story prominently, and if American is smart it'll settle this case before large numbers of the paper's 1 million daily readers decide there are plenty of other morally sound ways to fly out of town.
Show me someone like Marilyn Manson and I'll say, OK, Miller's right: Rock is a "finished cultural form--a more or less fixed repertoire of sounds and styles and patterns of behavior."
If Dylan's ears weren't caught up by the Beatles' sound first, he never would have imbued the song with such possibilities--which I have to believe were pretty subversive back in 1964.
Miller obviously enjoys the moment of The Harder They Come knocking The Sound of Music out of Jamaica's No. 1 slot--implying it was a triumph of rock-'n'-roll attitude over goody-goody moralism.
("That giant sucking sound you hear is the sound of the Republican Party sucking up to Buchanan," quips McLaughlin's Eleanor Clift.)
One reason for this is the media's sound instinct not to punish a politician for being exceptionally candid with the media.
As America's unofficial central banker, Morgan tried to rein in the excesses of the business cycle, stifle speculative manias, control corporate competition, keep the currency "sound," and stop panics.
After falling suddenly from 33,000 feet to 16,000 feet (and perhaps reaching the speed of sound), the plane rose like a roller coaster to 24,000 feet and then dropped again to 10,000 feet, at which point it was "no longer consistent with a flying airplane," says the National Transportation Safety Board.
And you thought lawyers were incomprehensible morally compromised bullshit artists in love with the sound of their own voices before . Just imagine being selected to sit on the jury that has to listen to Johnny Cochran appeal the O.J. case on the grounds of factual inconsistencies due to string theory.
They regurgitate their pre-packaged sound bites (which are the astronaut food of political discourse; add water and serve), stand up straight, smile wide, and get the hell off stage.
The term begins with a labial sound: the "Y" being formed with the lips.
Sound familiar?
No music, no voice-over, no sound.
In the '70s, blues rock (a modern white version of the blues) transformed itself into heavy metal , typified by Led Zeppelin . Singer/songwriters like James Taylor recorded easy-listening confessionals, and country-rockers like the Eagles institutionalized The Byrds' country experiments (and adumbrated the slick contemporary country sound of Nashville stars like Garth Brooks ). Funk ( James Brown , Sly and the Family Stone, Funkedelic) made soul wilder and looser, and disco combined the celebration of Eros and dancing with beats derived from funk, Latin music, and German experimentalists like Kraftwerk.
A related article speculates that Hong Kong is safe from excessive Chinese meddling: China doesn't want to alienate Taiwan or the international community, and Tung Chee-hwa is making sound, relatively liberal decisions.
Newsweek 's cover piece hypes the new X-Files movie, profiling its creator and stars--all of whom sound obnoxious.
Critics' doubts about whether the middle-aged rockers have any staying power are overcome; they praise Fleetwood Mac's new songs, their '70s sound notwithstanding.
Theater -- The Sound of Music ;
Theater -- The Sound of Music ;
Analysts cited the usual factors: strong profits, low inflation, expectations of a sound budget agreement.
RealAudio; for sound only
Another note of authenticity: The explosive sound effects come from the show's old episodes.
In a somewhat mysterious allusion, Hodo also compares Harrison's "pilgrimage" to that of Dilsey, the black servant in The Sound and the Fury ; perhaps he meant to refer to incest-victim Caddy.
Issue 3, Bob Bennett's decision not to detail Paula Jones' love life for the court, is portrayed as the triumph of politics over sound legal strategy (Robert Novak, Capital Gang ; George Will).
The courts have ruled that a work cannot be legally copied if it is 1) an original, creative product--not merely a fact or something found in nature, like the sound of the wind, or 2) written or recorded--not just an idea.
The USAT headline--"Biotech Firm to Aid Tobacco Probe"--makes the whole thing sound like good citizenship rather than a plea bargain.
Sound financial practices and organized marketing campaigns replaced Sam's seat-of-the-pants management.
He wanted a sound bite--something pithy to take out of context.
These sound like the kind of thing that The New Yorker might put at the bottom of a page, under the headline "Pronouncements We Doubt Really Got Pronounced."
Whether digital or analog, whether in ink or sound waves or synaptic firings or electrons, information always resides in patterns of matter or energy (which, as Einstein noted, are interchangeable manifestations of the physical world).
Based on a review of the trajectory charts in The Physics of Baseball and Keep Your Eye on the Ball: The Science and Folklore of Baseball , conversations with University of Puget Sound physicist Andrew Rex, and correspondence with aerospace engineer and baseball researcher Roger Hawks, I determined that the McGwire home run would have traveled about 474 feet.
But hunters from all over Puget Sound rushed to apply for permits.
It's having to face a Pat Buchanan who will puncture their postures and snare their sound bites.
But this is the Torch, remember--who, in just a couple of months, has distinguished himself as the member of the upper chamber most in love with the sound of his own voice.
Sound familiar?
What a country should not apologize for is a basically sound foreign policy.
The pencil press can sometimes hang around the edges, writing sardonic little comments in their notebooks, but the TV crews must get good pictures and good sound.
It doesn't happen ." And they don't miss the sound either.
The Sound of One Hand Talking
In fact, a hybrid approach may yield the best results: for example, Java presentation software that uses machine-specific ActiveX controls for high-performance animation and sound.
I can hear better sound on the radio or on a CD, but there is something special about the TV performance that is connected with doing something extremely well.
If the defense is that 1990s rap is documentary--"the authentic sound of the streets"--well, so were those verse-and-chorus ballads of the 1890s.
Herbert Kretzmer, one of the lyricists of Les Misérables , put it to me this way: "It's a question of finding what Johnny Mercer called the sound of the music.
Older Parisians say it has the tone and pitch of a newsreel sound track.
Academic interpreters have failed to meet the challenge posed by Helen Vendler in her landmark study On Extended Wings --to give up the search for intellectual subject matter and to treat Stevens as "pure sound."
His words on Mr. Shawn sound suspiciously like those of Mr. Pooter on his boss Mr. Perkupp in The Diary of a Nobody . Compare.
His finger work is impeccable, his phrasing elegant, his stance as swaggering as one could wish, but the sound of his instrument--a fortepiano, an earlier, less powerful version of our modern-day piano--is irreconcilably at odds with his intentions.
What accounts for charisma in music--for the authority or power that strangely radiates from this or that performer, not just from the sound but (so it seems) from the performer's personality, from the shake of a head or the expressive curl of a wrist?
At the same time, water courses through many of his concert pieces (which have titles like "Rain Tree Sketch" and "Towards the Sea"), and Takemitsu was a master at painting rain, waves, and rivulets in sound.
When she hears herself saying that being with her husband is "like being with papa," she pauses for a second, then flashes her eyes with something close to a recognition of primal sin, utters a sound somewhere between a hysterical giggle and a shriek of horror, and rushes across the room as if in flight from her own words.
Few musicians followed Evans' lead, though fragments of his sound wash up here and there.
English has long had various ways of mimicking the generic sound of spoken language, the noise of a crowd, or idle chatter (chatter being such a word).
There are telltale characteristics, widely if not universally present: the replacement of an initial "th" with a "d" sound ("dis," "dem") and of a medial or final "th" by an "f" or other consonant sound ("with" becomes "wif," "brother" becomes "bruvah"); a reduction of consonant clusters in general (so that "first" becomes "firs" and "hand" becomes "han"); the replacement of a final "r" sound with a vowel sound ("summah" for "summer" and "mo" for "more"); the prevalence of so-called plosive consonants (making a word such as "bill" sound more like "beel"); the placement of stress on a first, rather than a second, syllable ("DEE-troit"); the disappearance of the final "s" from third-person singular verbs ("what go 'round, come 'round"); the dropping of the copula ("I here," "the coffee cold") and of certain tense inflections altogether.
"Ah, the sound of soft money," the operative said.)
In Washington Square , the early 19 th -century American trappings never smack of the sound stage, and each scene is judiciously weighted.
The "Gesture Wall," for instance, puts a little zip of electricity through you, which makes you intelligible to some sensors in front of you, which means you can "play" snippets of music and sound by gesticulating.
The blackening waters, the sound of the pounding surf
Sound of the breath blown over the bottle,sound of the reveler home at dawn, light of the sun a warbler yellow, the sun insong-flight, lopsided-pose.
Colford writes in his biography that Howard has elevated "the final chapter in his war with NBC" to the "myth of the inventive radio personality clashing with the stuffed shirts of a mighty network," but goes on to record events that sound a lot like stuffed shirts clashing with Stern: Bob Rukeyser, NBC's director of corporate communications at the time, said that he alerted Grant Tinker, then chairman of NBC, to Stern's material, and that Tinker decided Stern had to go.
I have read a few of your comments, and you do indeed sound like a thoroughly courteous and sensible person.
If he'd like to assert that Californians are responsible for the growth of Seattle, then Ferrigno had also better take responsibility for the lack of growth-planning, the Eastside sprawl (the Los Angelesifcation of the Puget Sound), and the lack of transportation vision--all of which envelop the region.
Is selling tractors and forklifts somehow a less sound business than selling soft drinks?
William Faulkner's The Sound and the Fury was the subject of the new "Reading" thread this week.
I was hungryfor what you gave, awkward in my largeness: Delicate , you said, like a Victorian .Offshore, low sound of horns in fog, but the pastcomes proudly forward.
Such a little thing--barely the size of a shoe box--yet it puts out the "full, rich sound" of a "primary music system."
He applied 47 years of experience with this art to the rather skimpy components of the Model 88, which explains how he gets such a smooth, coherent sound from not only a small box but also a cheap one.
Anthony Hopkins plays the zillionaire communications baron whom Death enlists in the hope of understanding the human condition--an odd choice for a tour guide, since most people's condition doesn't involve personal helicopters, sprawling mansions on Long Island Sound, or Manhattan apartments that sport Olympic-size swimming pools.
This was as vivid as Clinton's televised finger-wagging "that woman" sound bite, and just as flatly untrue.
Sure, the Linda Tripp conversations do not make her sound like Simone de Beauvoir discussing her relationship with Jean-Paul Sartre.
The upshot is, according to one former Boris Yeltsin advisor quoted in the LAT , that "not a single foreign investor in his sound mind will come to Russia.
My voice has been recorded and Barbra Streisand's face and name have been associated with the sound tracks and recordings made by the motion picture industry.
Some like it: a "foxy, snotty, enjoyably trashy update," says Lisa Schwarzbaum of Entertainment Weekly . Others find the idea of such young actors in this tale of sexual intrigue and betrayal ridiculous: "The liaisons here aren't dangerous, they're incongruous" (Jami Bernard, the Daily News ). Critics are either entranced by the youngsters' acting or find the whole concept of fresh-from-the-WB kids as Vicomte De Valmont and Marquise De Merteuil "faintly ridiculous" (Stephen Holden, the New York Times ). (This site has links to information on all the film versions of the novel, as well as sound clips and photos.)
The sound belongs at a railroad crossing in Kankakee, near the fatal Amtrak crash in Bourbonnais, Ill., said a local resident.
After my experiments, I'll probably stick with Purely Cotton, which costs no more than the premium brands, is environmentally sound, acceptably soft, and appropriately absorbent.
is the vivid tension he generates between earnest romanticism and howling discord" (David Fricke, Rolling Stone ). Reviews compare the band's sound with predecessors as diverse as Wire, Hüsker Dü, and Lou Reed, and several mark the similarity of Martsch's voice to Neil Young's.
(This site has photos, sound clips, and info on Martin.)
After giving the little miscreant a sound thrashing, the governor and his wife will throw Raymond out of the house and disinherit him, or, if you choose to believe the pronouncement of parents befuddled by grief: "We will offer Raymond our unconditional and abiding love, support and guidance."
What you suggest is very sound advice, and Prudie thanks you for being a Prudie.
As for the sounds from other desks, use earplugs or the above-mentioned Walkman to drown out the sounds of celery.
Here are sound effects so hammy that they might have been borrowed from one of those old haunted-house party albums.
McCain doesn't need to persuade the media that his reasons for skipping Ames were morally sound.
Costner stands on the mound shaking off the signals of his longtime catcher (John C. Reilly); he forces himself to tune out the huge Yankee Stadium crowd (the background blurs before our eyes and the sound drops out); and he mutters darkly at a succession of batters, some old nemeses, some old buddies.
Some examples, taken from the delightful Samuel Johnson Sound Bite Page maintained by Frank Lynch.
"What's most troubling about this witless mishmash of whiny, infantile philosophizing and bone-crunching violence is the increasing realization that it actually thinks it's saying something of significance" (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ). Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times derides it as a "frankly and cheerfully fascist big-star movie," labels the violence "macho porn," and frets that though "sensible people know that if you hit someone with an ungloved hand hard enough, you're going to end up with broken bones, the guys in Fight Club have fists of steel, and hammer one another while the sound effects guys beat the hell out of Naugahyde sofas with Ping-Pong paddles."
Atlanta's sprawl keeps people sitting in their cars for hours, encouraging them to eat fatty fast food and run down kids who, bloated and logy from their indoor lifestyle, bike-less and slow, staggering along on foot, slowed by 35-pound backpacks, make easy targets and a sickening sort of "squish" sound.
1. Spirit Into Sound , by Mickey Hart
But before too much redistributive social policy gets made around such results, it might be good to add a question to the survey: "Do you have a luxury sound system or a car less than two years old, or a luxury sound system in that car?"
Sound familiar?
Also good sound effects.
Onomatopoeia has a long, honorable, and pleasurable history—from Aristophanes' brek-ke-kex ko-ax ko-ax to Kermit's ribbet, ribbet —from majestic lines in ancient epic poetry to simple, homey words like plop, splash , and murmur . In every language and time, the sound and look of some words have given clues to their meaning: their sound has suggested their sense.
The problem was solved simply by using an already standard character that had a similar sound to what the Viet called themselves.
A funny thing or two happened in the pronunciation key: the distinction is made between r as the symbol for the initial sound in rim and rr for the medial sound in marry . Although these are different sounds in many British English dialects, they are not only allophonic but in complementary distribution (that is, they never exchange places), hence do not need separate symbols.
I don't know where the -sh sound arose in nebbish , but in all eastern European dialects of Yiddish the word is nebbikh or nebbakh , with a velar fricative sound that is rendered as -sh by speakers who find that easier to pronounce.
American English removes the y- from the yu- sound when it turns new and duke into noo and dook.
To my ears, restores my soul with its - z sound in the middle of the alliteration is irritating and divisive, while the -th in restoreth my soul smoothly slides along, bringing the alliterative - s 's together, etherealizing the restoring and uniting it with my soul.
Hiccough has the sound of “cup.”
Ditto for free-range chicken and draft beer . And then there are what sound like redundancies: French champagne is a hotly contested instance.
3. Combinations of sounds that ordinarily require movement from both lips and tongue are compromised so that all the work is done by only the lips or only the tongue.
How much easier for the tongue to splat itself against the palate and make a ch sound rather than make three more delicate maneuvers to form the sounds of a t , and an r , and a y .
The difference between the two ways of writing the “q” reflects a slight variation in pronunciation: “q” being an explosive kp sound, “\?
’ I found only one transcription to quarrel with: by showing \?\ as the symbol for the General American sound in both lot/odd and start/father , Wells leads one to conclude that General American (like RP) drops r -sounds in syllable-final position.
What I found was that the syllabics occurred only when the preceding sound was a dental or alveolar (d or t); when it was a velar (k or g), there was enough time for a speaker to release a sound which was more like a full schwa than a syllabic.
For example, the symbol “uh’ is shown in the key as representing schwa, yet throughout the book it is used to represent the vowel sound in English ball or raw (BUHbe `grandmother,' puhGRUHM `pogrom').
A concise, explanatory guide to the complex set of relations that link the sounds of language, or its written symbols, with the message they have to convey.
But even in the absence of visual clues, the very sounds of human speech are overflowing with many times the volume of data strictly required to convey the message.
When one of a hundred “sound peaks” is altered by an electrical pop or crackle, the sound of an E does not suddenly change to that of a U; it simply sounds like a “noisy E.” If, on the other hand, speech contained “just enough” data, but no more, then the alteration of just one peak (or bit) would change the sound (or character) entirely.
Coke cans in Japan come with the slogan, “I feel Coke & Sound Special,” while until recently a Japanese company called Cream Soda marketed a range of products with the exquisitely inane slogan, “Too old to die, too young to happy.”
' The allusion could be to a hand slapping the loaf, thereby producing a deep, hollow, fartlike sound.
The qualities most frequently commented on, perhaps, are originality, uniqueness, and sound.
Perfect or true spoonerisms are correct in both sound and spelling when transposed.
Visual spoonerisms appear to be correct in written form, but transposition produces the wrong sound.
The only time I have heard the American word pronounced with the usual English, or for that matter Spanish, ch sound was in a perfume ad on TV.
Repeating a word or syllable or sound puts the least strain on the voice.
Son means `sound,' to be sure--but in French!
On the other hand, the V, au -sound, and x in Vauxhall are satisfactorily represented by the VOKS sequence so that the etymology given by Bryson appears to be preferable.
One would also have to forgive the Indian subcontinent's most highly trained cardiologist for failing to recognize that It's me dickey ticker, doctor--which sounds as if the patient requires the services of a watch-repairer--is an allusion to longstanding heart disease.
It is not made clear why the standard IPA transcriptions [ai] or [ai] was not used for the vowel sound in I, why, might , etc.: the NSOED shows /\?
Someone comes up with a spelling to approximate a sound, which someone else eventually reads, mispronounces, and thus turns into a new sound.
In fact, the amount of back-formed onomatopoeia devoted to sounds of human manufacture is astounding.
Much comic-book onomatopoeia comes from the fights of good guys versus bad guys, specifically the sound of fists against bodies.
In the same way, people often try to convey a drawn-out oh by writing oooooh , which should be another sound entirely, with the u of tube .
Block Island, awash in Rhode Island Sound, shares with Maine the term for double-ended vessels large or small.
When the vowel sound in the noun changed from long “u” to the same sound as in coarse , a need was evidently felt to have a spelling distinction so as to tell the two apart in print.
In David Galef's “Sound and Sense” [XXI, 1], please note that the reference in “The Miller's Tale” should have been to Alison, the wife of John the carpenter, not to the reeve's wife; also, for “sussurus” read susurrus .
In his essay on Prudence he remarks, ...what is more lonesome than the sound of a whetstone or mower's rifle when it is too late in the season to make hay.
Then a more resigned sound came from within the group.
Not only is the lack of a vowel sound between the consonants unacceptable, but the l and r are pronounced in all their glory: FILLIM, CORREN, CHARREM.
Writing is a symbol of the sounds (Aristotle, Categories ).
Only 10 percent of the British speakers made this sound in this way; 90 percent of them used an articulation with the tip of the tongue behind the upper front teeth.
Child Safety Prevention Program Offers Little Sisters Sound Strategies.
According to the great Danish linguist, Otto Jespersen, there are five theories to account for the origin of language: the bow-wow theory, in which speech imitated animal calls; the pooh-pooh theory, in which people made instinctive sounds through physical or emotional reactions; the dingdong theory, in which people reacted to the environment; the yo-he-ho theory, in which people spoke when working together; and the la-la theory, in which speech arose from the romantic side of life.
Both Pygmalion arguments are sound as well as altruistic; but at a time when certain civilizations and cultures are in danger of losing their spoken heritage, these slight, quirky renderings of native speech may prove to be as valuable as the archaeologist's fossil finds.
"Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound.
One band that typified this sound was Little Joe y La Familia (Little Joe and the family).
In any case, “imaginative, inventive, and revolutionary” were more likely accolades to be showered on important buildings than “accommodating, dependable, and sound.”
The recorder captured the sounds of loud thumps, crashes, shouts, and breaking glasses and plates.
This was followed by a second radio transmission, with sounds of screaming.
If probe response factors can be calculated, the "bad" but "stable" probes can be scaled, and the distribution may be expected to be closer to normal, therefore expression levels and their uncertainties can be calculated in a more statistically sound manner.
added to our understanding of the role of PSA testing on prostate cancer incidence rates by showing that first time PSA testing proportions, not the overall PSA proportion, track closely with prostate cancer incidence rates [ 20 ] . In a comparison of prostate cancer incidence rates among white men in five of the SEER areas (Detroit, Utah, Seattle-Puget Sound, Iowa, and Connecticut), Brawley showed that the rates were highest in Seattle from 1986 through 1991, but then highest in Utah from 1992 through 1994 [ 21 ] . In a consistent manner, the proportion of men receiving a first time PSA tended to be highest in Seattle in the earlier years but highest in Utah in the later years [ 20 ] . Because 76.
These could include hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
That is, increasing the level of external sounds within safe limits can help patients learn to pay less attention to their tinnitus.
Depending on test results and individual preferences, patients can increase the level of pleasant sounds in any environment by using hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
The currents are generated by Lorentz forces on moving ions produced by the oscillating sound wave.
It does seem, however, that when a structurally and functionally plausible prediction is produced, with a high confidence, by a well tested, statistically sound computational method, an incompatible prediction yielded by a new method without a clear statistical foundation is most likely to be incorrect.
This executive guide is intended to assist federal agencies in achieving the objectives of the Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act of 1990 and subsequent related legislation by providing case studies of 11 practices critical for establishing and maintaining sound financial operations.
Computer Security Is an Integral Element of Sound Management
Our work with leading results-oriented organizations confirmed that many agencies may need years to develop a sound set of performance measures.
Sound professional practice Is the approach taken in each of the specialty areas (architectural, civil, mechanical, and electrical) commensurate with professional standards?
Only rarely will convenience be a sound basis for instance selection; only rarely will probability sampling be feasible.
trying to promote foreign policy goals, sound trade policies, and other Government to Respond to strategies to help nations around the world that the United States now Changing Threats to depends on as military allies and trading partners.
"I know that this report is the result of many long hours of hard work, research, sound study and innovative thought," Gordon said "It is an impressive document that is worthy of the most serious and sustained consideration.
Agriculture, commerce, and traditional manufacturing were expanded to provide a sound economic base for investment in the modern technology of textiles and other industries.
Today, motor scooters often drown the sound of playing children, and mobile phones are heard far more frequently than the haunting cadences of the bazouki.
Sound and Light Shows: All the most impressive ancient sites in Egypt have a sound and light show, and it adds an extra theatrical dimension to your Egypt experience.
Anthony Quinn performs the syrtaki dance (in fact, an amalgam of several different traditional dances) to the sound of the bouzouki, a stringed-guitar instrument that produces melodic, slightly metallic sounds.
Village contests judge competitors on their most spectacular flying skills — height, dexterity, and the humming sound produced by the wind through the kite-head.
Today it forms the foreground for the seated part of the Sound and Light Show.
In the summer, you can enjoy the dazzling sound and light shows that are staged on Monday, Wednesday, and Saturday evenings.
This has some very realistic audio-visual re-enactments of eruptions and earthquakes, with special stereo sound effects.
You’re unlikely to see a boat coming in from another continent, but you are guaranteed the hustle, bustle, sights, smells, and sounds of one of the Olhão fish market, one of the Algarve’s best (the town is especially famous for its mussels and other shellfish).
The “Tongue of the Ocean,” especially where it narrows between Andros and New Providence, and Exuma Sound around Cat Island are well loved by the knowledgeable.
The ten-minute journey across the sound (courtesy of the Club Peace and Plenty hotel) takes you to an island of sublime beaches, underwater caves to dive in, and rocky inlets to explore by snorkel.
Children are fascinated by the sound of the drums and bagpipes and by the colorful uniforms.
It was never needed, as the fort never saw any action, and today the ramparts offer panoramic views of Great Sound.
A narrow bridge fords the gap between the sound and the open sea through Flatts Inlet.
Incidentally, the name “Devil’s Hole” derives from the sound of the seawater entering and leaving the hole, rather than from the fearsome reputation of some of its inhabitants.
The hunters lured the moose with a birchbark “horn” imitating the female call, and if that didn’t work, they poured water from a birchbark receptacle into a pond to reproduce the sound of the female urinating.
The Coastal Mountains come right down to the water’s edge of the narrow Howe Sound, some forming a little archipelago in the sea.
For a rare desert experience, climb to the top of a dune and listen to the musical — or thunderous — sound as the sand slides down.
Anthony Quinn performs the syrtáki dance (in fact an amalgam of several different traditional dances), to the sound of the bouzoúki, a stringed guitar-type instrument that produces melodic, slightly metallic sounds.
The fort’s vast interior courtyard now echoes with the sound of running children rather the marching of soldier’s boots, but one dormitory of the old barracks has been re-created, with bunks lining the walls and uniforms hung neatly on pegs.
By day it serves classic cantina fare, by night it clamors with the sound of conversation mixed with the best in contemporary recorded Mexican music.
Nicholson Baker, whose phone-sex novel Vox Monica allegedly bought, went for a cute, somewhat forced sound bite by saying that "Starr should get down on his kneepads and beg the country's pardon for undermining the Constitution in this way."
As Sam Phillips, Elvis' first producer, said, "If I could find a white man who had the Negro sound and the Negro feel, I could make a billion dollars."
Merengue is terrific music, too, but when, half a century ago, Trujillo ordered that sound systems be set up to play it all over the Dominican Republic, it wasn't to "uplift" people but to render them passive.
In part, it did sound like a classic case of a movie that in two weeks went from being a sleeper to being overhyped, so that people who saw Blair Witch after, say, August 6 were led to believe they were about to see the greatest horror film ever made.
As he cried out, the sound of his voice resonating created the earth, the sky, and the seasons.
Even in Strachey's and the earlier Morris' wildest speculations, they hewed to an implied contract between reader and biographer that states, We'll go along with you as long as you make what you say sound like it had some basis, once upon a time, in verifiable or even plausible fact.
Conservative pundits--such as Robert Novak (NBC's Meet the Press and CNN's Capital Gang ), Brit Hume ( Fox News Sunday ), and Paul Gigot (PBS's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer )--think the defeat resulted from Clinton's hubris and the GOP's sound appraisal of the national interest.
Sound it out, man.
Then there's the added insult to untreated ER waiting-room injury of having to watch these Satanic sentimental TV spots for various HMOs, featuring grainy handheld pseudo-documentary sepia-tone footage of some hypothetical multi-ethnic customer base (elderly black grandmothers on rocking chairs with blankets draped over their knees and beaming Asian-American 6-year-olds on swing sets always seem to make an appearance) while muted piano music plays and some studio-musician faux-gospel vocalist breathily intones the company slogan/musical sound bite, informing us all "(Insert Name of HMO here) ...
A lot of his ideas about policy sound like they were thought up in the shower this morning.
It is hard to recall what each of them said, for they were literally sound bites (or is it bytes?)
Merit pay, like alternate certification, is a sound idea that has been blocked by the teachers' unions, which instead want more pay for everybody.
What does this place sound like at night?
It is not that he is a failed teacher who cannot convey the sound message to a slow student.
But because the Net gets clogged and packets are waylaid, the sound quality is low and interruptions are common.
See "The Sound of One Hand Talking" for Slate 's take on Franklin and the panel.)
[but] is also working principally in bite-size slices of sound, sentiment and humor."
The Sound of Music
Theater -- The Sound of Music ;
Producer Daniel Lanois (Bob Dylan's Time Out of Mind ) is given credit for pushing Nelson's sound in unfamiliar directions.
That Dole is silent about how he'll finance his "scheme" makes his plan sound like a Democratic giveaway program.
The set turns on in an explosion of sound.
Just for the sound of it."
But Sunday's lockstep sound bites are confirmation that the issue is now at the center of the conservative agenda.
Will happens to have the Bible with him at the ABC sound stage , and intends to read the scriptural passage in question!
Doesn't that sound like celebrating a defeat rather than celebrating a victory?
We've broken the sound barrier on land and in water, circled the globe by water and by air.
The floor in Margaret Truman's room had actually broken under the weight of her piano, and Harry Truman himself was directed to sleep in the comparatively sound Lincoln Bedroom (if indeed it was Lincoln's bedroom; he may have used it only as a study), lest he find himself one morning in the Red Room downstairs.
Of course, if you believe that big, supposedly sophisticated players can be that foolish--or, for that matter, if you believe that they are not foolish but do foolish things because the government will always bail them out--you start to wonder whether our whole financial structure is as sound as we like to imagine.
I'm not saying that Asia's economies were "fundamentally sound," that this was a completely unnecessary crisis.
But, if we trust these people to sort out wrongheaded analysis from sound reasoning in the courtroom, how can we not trust them to do the same with the editorial page?
The city seemed on the verge of slipping into Puget Sound and disappearing forever.
The term "strategic alliance" is intended to 1) sound glamorous and forward-thinking; and 2) obscure the actual nature of the relationship.
Republicans suddenly sound like a bunch of Marxist economic determinists.
For Republicans, a sound whipping always meant good values.
Reducing insurance rates by discouraging frivolous lawsuits is a perfectly sound idea.
In constructing an inclusive tradition of the American left, he would undermine the sound tradition of the American left.
What the prop didn't understand was that she was ruining his sound.
The camera and sound people blame producers who, when the competition comes up with a picture or soundbite you missed, don't want to hear excuses about how you didn't want to trample some old lady.
But he can't stop spinning ideas, images, and sound bites, can't stop playing everything to his advantage.
The more separate elements it contains (images, sound ...)
More troubling, from the perspective of the advertisers themselves: Watch a sneaker ad with the sound off.
If it's any consolation to Emmons, Hammerstein's very last lyric, "Edelweiss" from The Sound of Music , is invariably assumed to be a real Austrian folk song--indeed, a few years back, the White House went further, playing it at a state banquet for the Austrian president, under the impression that it was the country's national anthem.
So, it may seem a little thing, but imbued with the Orwellian desire to combat imprecise language that makes lies sound truthful and murder respectable, "Today's Papers" would urge the WP to rewrite such stories thus: "..
Waking up to the sound of Ruth jumping rope late at night, Joseph heard "the soft, rhythmic thump of her bare feet on the floor, like the beating of a giant heart."
Does that sound like a recipe for self-offing?
Long, luxurious smooches can end in a sound like planes of glass rubbing, or even in a cheep.
But does it necessarily follow that the instrument available to him on any given occasion produced the ideal sound he heard in his head?
In a recital at Carnegie Hall more than a year ago, he reached for that sound and, at one excruciating moment, lost control of his bowing and sent out a wild overtone, double the volume of his normal playing, like the feedback on an electric guitar, Hendrix-like, after all--the worst howler I've ever heard from a musician of first rank.
In the decades since it was composed, orchestras have been asked to make noises that sound much worse than Penderecki's squeaks and blurts.
This new sound prefigured white, California cool jazz, but so had Billy Strayhorn's arrangements for Duke Ellington through the '40s, and so had Lester Young's diaphanous tenor saxophone playing with Count Basie even earlier.
In the revolutionary age of free jazz, with its joyful defiance of form and radical embrace of pure sound, the Davis quintet seemed just a bit too polished.
There are telltale characteristics, widely if not universally present: the replacement of an initial "th" with a "d" sound ("dis," "dem") and of a medial or final "th" by an "f" or other consonant sound ("with" becomes "wif," "brother" becomes "bruvah"); a reduction of consonant clusters in general (so that "first" becomes "firs" and "hand" becomes "han"); the replacement of a final "r" sound with a vowel sound ("summah" for "summer" and "mo" for "more"); the prevalence of so-called plosive consonants (making a word such as "bill" sound more like "beel"); the placement of stress on a first, rather than a second, syllable ("DEE-troit"); the disappearance of the final "s" from third-person singular verbs ("what go 'round, come 'round"); the dropping of the copula ("I here," "the coffee cold") and of certain tense inflections altogether.
West African languages, to give just one example, also tend not to make use of a "th" sound.
The sensual essence of the movies used to be the human face; now it's just light and sound.
It's the sound of genuine catharsis, of poison being expelled into the air, of bottomless anguish and joyous liberation.
This hiss, the noise level in her voice, like Glenn Gould's humming as he played the piano or the squeaking of Andrés Segovia's fingers on the strings of his guitar, makes her unusual today, when most singers are trained in the discipline of steely perfection and when our ears have become accustomed to the sharp-edged sounds of a compact disc, surrounded by undiluted digital silence.
to sing like the thrush from the deepest partof the understory, territorial,carnal, thorn-at-the-throat, or flutelikein order to make one sobering sound.
worrying sound working its way from his mouth that's not so much a mouthas a coin purse cinched tight, sewnwith the fragments of his lips--the yipping gait of breathlessness he makes, which makes no sense
The $750 million result: the triple-blade Mach 3. Its name means three times the speed of sound.
The goings-on you describe sound like a cross between psychodrama and dating, never good for the nerves.
In addition to giving us lifesaving medicines and better products, science and technology are improving our ability to live in an economically robust nation using environmentally sound business practices.
--sound similar.
William Faulkner's The Sound and the Fury remains the focus in the "Reading" thread.
my pure sound, my undivided speechtravelling to the edge of this silence.As if to find me.
The frequency of a sound wave is defined by its length: The longer the wave, the deeper the bass.
Beck sheds the hip-hop style of his Grammy-winning album Odelay in favor of a more folk-influenced, melodic sound.
Using only the simplest cinematic means, Boorman achieves what Martin Scorsese needed whip-pans and zoom lenses and a cacophonous sound mix to do at the climax of GoodFellas (1990): He gives you the jittery and suffocating sense of the universe closing in.
It does sound bad, especially given the 2,000 year history of Jewish persecution by cranky Christians.
"A sound and light show mocking the beliefs of Hindus, Buddhists, and Muslims."
Sound familiar?
This isn't necessarily as nutty at is sounds.
After years of warning about the risks of inflation and the importance of sound policy, the BOJ has suddenly begun flooding the market with liquidity.
With Microsoft Helpdesk assistance I figured out that my CD-ROM drive was probably connected to my sound card and not to the IDE port, and thus was foiling Linux.
The American political consultants hired by the leading candidates for prime minister--Arthur Finkelstein for Benjamin Netanyahu, James Carville and others for Ehud Barak--have brought sound bites, attack ads, and wedge issues to the campaign.
Soon, they may do what a related device called the Audible can do, and actually read to you, either via sound files or text-to-voice software.
A boy from the university, track star goofing with his girl at river's edge, slips he falls in and she watches him carried away in silence, arms outstretched like wings, not a word or sound or sign of struggle:
Front woman Chrissie Hynde still shines with her trademark snarl and gravelly voice, but some of the songs are serious clunkers, and even the best sound like a rehash of the band's older material.
BP Amoco owns 50 percent of Alyeska, the company that operates both the pipeline and the Valdez oil terminal near where the huge tanker Exxon Valdez crashed on a reef in 1989, spewing millions of gallons of heavy crude into Prince William Sound.
The flames are nearly a foot high, they arc out from underneath the black leather hood; there is smoke, the huge buzzing sound of the electricity, there are white walls and Venetian blinds and linoleum underfoot.
While they're fighting, they forgot to notice the audience is at American Pie . So it turns out that no matter who is right, the calcium doubters or the calcium advocates, that shattering sound you will hear as the 21 st century progresses will be America's bones.
A video replay of the speech, however, shows that the swish was the sound of a jump shot missing the rim altogether.
It can do just about anything with video, sound, or animation.
Beyond situational sound bites, Buchanan and the Republican leadership share the same underlying theory of the nation's foreign policy.
Then he heard her step through the forest, the sound Of the steps preceding her through the leaves Like the calling card of a doe approaching the water, Trying her footing across newly covered ground.
The best I can describe the process for me is that it resembles noodling on a piano: I run rhythms and sentences--or maybe not even sentences, the shapes of sentences--across one another, trying out their sounds, and sometimes I get a tune-like combination of sound and syntax that makes me want to go on, extend and refine it, as it comes to dredge sustenance from the great pool of feelings and ideas that accumulates in a life.
The episode involving a Baltimore Sun music critic, on the other hand, does sound more like plagiarism, so I don't see that the cases are alike.
His peroration was "As they say, mount up and ride to the sound of the guns."
How to sit (not too slumpy, not too stiff), what to do with his hands (kept them quiet, don't gesticulate or fiddle with your ear or other body part), how to arrange his expressions (relaxed, alert, open, affable), how to speak in sound bites (don't digress!
Try the Latin aloud, the way it was meant to be read, and the hollow thump of a horse's gallop is in the sound as well as the meaning of Virgil's words.
lowing Has no reference to height or the lack of it, but is the sound commonly made by Oliver Goldsmith's herd.
This book suffers from the essential problem shared with all other books of reference: however sound the advice they give, it is useless and meaningless if it is not looked up.
As for schnoz , it does sound Yiddish, there does exist a verb schneitzen `to blow one's nose,' and the shn - combination does connote something to do with the nose; but there is no word shnozzle in Yiddish, only noz or, in the alternate dialect, nuz . Phudnik is not a Yiddish word but was clearly formed on the Yiddish root -nik , which also occurs in Slavic.
One statement suggests concealing or hiding something; the other implies good sound bookkeeping, running a tidy ship.
There is an unconfirmed story that Laredo , Texas, was named for the sounds made by the chimes in the Catholic church: la, re , and do . Another folk etymology has it that the Snake River was so named because it coiled back and forth so much.
Made has not the sound of bade,
Mono sound equipment brings back the days when the phonograph rested in the den instead of in the home entertainment center, when quadraphonic might have been a malapropism for something in The Phantom of the Opera . Other backwords involve longer journeys in time: straight razors were the only razors around until the emergence of safety razors, which have in turn ceded precedence to the injector-blade and finally the twin-blade.
When I woke it was the sound of the rocket exploding that announced the release of the bulls from the corrals at the edge of town.
4. Combinations of sounds requiring two or more consecutive tongue movements are distorted into one compromised sound.
There are also in Pepys's Diary words and phrases that have been admitted to our standard language but that still sound a bit colloquial.
[W]riting is not, and never was, a means of transcribing speech sounds, but is rather an instrument of visually representing language by means of relating visual signs in various different ways which are more or less faithful to the speech sounds of a given language at a given time.
When I worked on the setting up of the pronunciation system for the Random House dictionaries, I examined sound spectrograms of words that middle, total, sudden, servant, father, standard , etc., that some phoneticians transcribed using syllabic \?\, \?\, and \?\.
Some of the other examples Virginia Howard cites are simply misunderstandings of the sounds heard, something that inevitably occurs, especially among children and semi-literates, wherever words are spoken.
Granted, emcee is still more efficient than master of ceremonies , but the need for spelling out the sound of letters seems redundant, superfluous, and therefore useless.
GAELIC ENGLISH fraoch `tuted heather' (a)bhadain fraoch-an- `heath in which wind makes a buzzing sound' or `which crackles when being burnt' fraoch- `cracklng' or `screeching heather' sgriachain fraoch- `heather with a loud sound when burstin' spreadanach 
This seems all the more wasteful, considering that the only useful information being conveyed in our example is a single vowel sound.
When one of a hundred “sound peaks” is altered by an electrical pop or crackle, the sound of an E does not suddenly change to that of a U; it simply sounds like a “noisy E.” If, on the other hand, speech contained “just enough” data, but no more, then the alteration of just one peak (or bit) would change the sound (or character) entirely.
' A general comment on the treatment of the Welsh ch sound in English would have been useful, but I personally accept that theory.
' Although the editor mentions pronounceable acronyms in his Preface, users would be at a loss to determine that UN and R.A.F . are not pronounced but that R.A.D.A . (Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts “RAHdah”), UNICEF, U.N.C.L.E ., and Pan-Am are; worse, the showing of radar as RADAR (for `radio detecting and ranging') and sonar as SONAR (`sound navigation and ranging') is in outright error.
acidic balanced clean aged big cloying alcoholic bitter common aromatic bland complex astringent bouquet corky austere chalky creamy baked character crisp deep lively sensuous delicate maderized sharp developed manly simple disciplined mature small dry meager smoky earthy mealy smooth elegant medium soft empty mellow solid evolved metallic sound fat mineral sour feminine moldy spicy fierce mossy steely fiery musky stiff fine noble stony finesse nutty strong firm oaky sturdy flabby odd stylish flat off succulent flowery old sugary forceful ordinary supple foxy overripe sweet fragile peppery syrupy fragrant perfumed tangy fresh positive tannic fruity powerful tart full-bodied prickly tender gassy pungent thin gay racy unbalanced gentle rare unharmonious graceful refreshing unripe grapy rich velvety hard ripe vigorous harmonious robust watery harsh rough weak hearty round wild heavy rugged withered honest salty woody hot sappy young insipid savory zestful light scented little semisweet 
Dr. Spooner's proverbial half-warmed fish for half-formed wish has a totally different sound and meaning if written as “half-wormed fish,” requiring the spelling to be changed.
While the term form wooed has good sound, it loses its effectiveness because there is no real meaning in the phrase.
If Yiddish is the source of gunsel, someone will have to produce an etymon that is phonologically more likely than gendzl or, if that is indeed its etymon, explain the irregular sound change.
Badminton derives from the name of the estate in Gloucestershire where the game was first played in England; tennis stems from tenetz , an old form of tenez , from French tenir `to hold'; and squash , according to scholars, probably grew out of the “squashy” sound which the original soft ball made against the wall of the court.
They shock with sound, and not always with image.
One of the problems with existing names is that they can be misleading or ambiguous: Sound View Drive, for instance, has not afforded a view of the Sound since all those houses were built in the 1920s.
Nor is communication really disrupted even by those new, semiliterate Americanisms: communic ant , consult ant , defend ant; counsel or, elect or (al), jur or , where the schwa (as a in above, e in her ) has been replaced by broad (- ant ) or rounded (- or ) vowel sounds.
A Yiddish word similar in sound means one who goes around talking about the other fellow's business.
Onomatopoeia adds zest to language, from aagh! to zzz ..., but somewhere between print and enunciation, the exact equivalence between sound and sense can get lost.
When you become disgusted, the sound from your throat sounds like a gathering of phlegm, variously rendered as ugh, yuk , or Mad magazine's famous yecch —but often when people repeat those sounds, what comes out is ug, yuck , and even yetch .
The same is true of woof and bow-wow , though all dogs can be heard to approximate these sounds.
When sound recording was first invented, many people, remembering how the invention of printing had frozen grammar in its Renaissance forms, thought that recordings would do the same for the spoken language.
Also in Africa we find the curly-tailed \?\ and \?\ to indicate ingressive sounds.
The Introduction constitutes a brief but comprehensive course in pronunciation and a detailed description of the symbols used, both for English and for foreign pronunciations (like that of the Welsh ll -sound, the German ü-sound and ö-sound, etc.).
(Apt names, actually: a chuffing steam train starting or stopping really does sound like an excited horse; and the earliest railway carriages, like the earliest motorcars, looked very much like their horse-drawn counterparts, having been built by the same craftsmen.)
On the grounds of euphony, many would reject words beginning with p or containing a k -sound; on other grounds, there may be someone out there whose favorite word is kreplach.
In England before the 1600s, th in Hebrew and Classical words and names such as these was pronounced as plain t after the French fashion, as is still the case with Thomas: Tom and the other nicknames in this set are partly just phonetic spellings of the old sounds of the full names.
And although in some Mexican dialects the English sh sound has replaced ch , in standard Spanish the phoneme closest to English sh is the affricate ch, which therefore tends to replace sh in the perception of Hispanophones.
Child Safety Prevention Program Offers Little Sisters Sound Strategies.
The organization is by sound types: Stops, Nasals and Nasalized Consonants, Fricatives, Laterals, Rhotics, Clicks, Vowels, and Multiple Articulatory Gestures, the last being combined sounds.
The more linguistically distinct the sounds of a patois, the more it can come to symbolize social distance.
Quite a different sound is made by the owl, whose name represents its familiar hoot, otherwise the final, longer note of its conventional call tu-whit tu-whoo .
Less well known is heteronym (same spelling, but different sound, e.g., sow meaning pig and sow meaning planting seeds).
School of Medicine researchers and physicians have: developed treatments that turned a 90 percent mortality rate for testicular cancer into a 90 percent cure rate; pioneered echocardiography, we use of sound waves for detecting heart disease; shared in developing "smart" pacemakers, which monitor heart rhythm and automatically shock the heart when it develops irregularities; founded the world's first DNA bank, preserving genetic material for future study and diagnosis; pinpointed the defective gene in Huntington's disease and one type of Alzheimer's disease; and spearheaded the use of many New treatments for critically ill children, including infant heart transplant and special therapies for cancer.
 . to achieve a highly innovative bimusical sound that combined a ranchera (country music) and jaitón (high class music) within the same piece.”
Presumably, heart sounds are not the causal consequences of the heart upon which natural selection has acted.
During the first broadcast, the captain or first officer could be heard declaring "Mayday" amid the sounds of a physical struggle in the cockpit.
With the sounds of the passenger counterattack continuing, the aircraft plowed into an empty field in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, at 580 miles per hour, about 20 minutes' flying time from Washington, D.C.
Based on QUASI's selection map of HA, we now conclude that those mutations found in the trimer-buried portion of HA do not confer significant advantage on influenza A. That is, while the trimer-buried portion of antigenic site D includes the sound and fury of variability, it signifies nothing.
However, it seems that, because known natural groups could be reproduced by this approach only after omission of certain species on the basis of independent prior knowledge, this method hardly can be useful for delineating new, phylogenetically sound clades.
These could include hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
There are numerous techniques and devices that can help patients to increase their exposure to safe and pleasant external sounds in order to decrease their awareness of tinnitus.
Depending on test results and individual preferences, patients can increase the level of pleasant sounds in any environment by using hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
Depending on test results and individual preferences, patients can increase the level of pleasant sounds in any environment by using hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
Recent clinical data indicate that the blockade of TNF-α significantly reduces the signs and symptoms of RA [ 28 29 ] and inhibits the progression of structural damage [ 30 31 ] . It remains to be seen whether extended anti-TNF-α therapy might permit regeneration of articular cartilage and bone in established human disease, where multiple etiological pathways may contribute to the RA disease syndrome [ 32 33 ] . Nevertheless, it is likely that much of the RA pathology involves TNF-α activation, and the results from the Tg197 model provide a sound scientific rationale for the therapeutic benefits observed following anti-TNF-α treatment in RA patients.
The process can be a learning opportunity and result in more sound research.
As discussed in practice 10, sound training and career development strategies are needed for the finance organization to meet the current and future human capital needs of the business.
A sound public infrastructure plays a vital role in the nation's capacity to produce goods and services in the future.
Thus, successful organizations recognize-and implement reform efforts on the basis of-the essential connection between sound management and the programmatic results those organizations hope to achieve.
Learn about current and emerging issues/developments in own field of expertise and apply knowledge to make technically sound operational decisions.
Schwartz said her job keeps her involved in the community -- and allows her to sleep with a sound conscience.
It is for sound business reasons that Federal Express and United Parcel Service provide universal delivery service.
Moses died on the journey to the Promised Land, but Joshua took over from him, and between 1400 b.c. and 1000 b.c. the tribes of Israel conquered all the lands north and south of Jerusalem, most famously bringing the walls of Old Jericho tumbling down with the sounds of their horns.
The sound fades into the distance as the smoke from its muzzle dissipates into the clear air.
The mournful lament of the single pipe is a sound that is always associated with Scotland, and you will certainly hear it as you travel around the city.
For information on all Sound and Light shows Tel. (02) 386 3469; fax (02) 385 2880; web site <www.sound-light.egypt.com>.
Sound and Light Show
It could easily be seen by ships in the Firth of Forth and was a useful safeguard if prevailing winds carried the sound of the gunfire the wrong way.
Each evening, a sound and light show at the Red Fort tells its story; details can be obtained from the Tourist Information Bureau.
This is the place to wander and soak up the sights and sounds of Kyoto’s lone quarter still dedicated to traditional arts and entertainment.
More likely, though, the sobriquet refers to the sound of the continually moving waters, sloshing against a beautiful rock basin like sauces bubbling in a pan.
This area, reached by crossing Odós Rovertou Gali and walking up behind the Dionysus restaurant, offers splendid views across to the Acropolis (it’s the best place for afternoon overviews), and the Sound and Light Show auditorium is located here for this reason.
Over the millennia, an arched hole had been created here by the pounding of the waves of the Atlantic; known as the Glass Window, this opening made it possible for sailors on the Exuma Sound to see “through the island” to the Atlantic.
Others are far more exciting for divers, including Harrington Sound, the South Shore reef wall, and the wreck of the Vixen (just off Somerset Long Bay on Somerset Island).
The northernmost (called most appropriately Harbour Road) leads along the south shore of Hamilton Harbour, with views of the islands that lie scattered in Great Sound and make navigation into the cruise port so tricky.
Middle Road eventually reaches the village of Flatts at the edge of Harrington Sound.
Over 100 species of sea creatures live in tanks, including one 145,000-gallon tank whose water is regularly replaced by seawater from Harrington Sound.
Then drive up along Harrington Sound Road to reach the Causeway to St. George’s.
On summer evenings, a sound and light show illuminates the Parliament Buildings to present, alternately in English and French, a 30-minute history of Canada.
There is a guided tour that includes some memorable sound and light effects, evoking the menacing volcano most effectively.
Foghorns converse into the night, long after the sound of car horns and bike bells has ceased.
To enjoy the sounds of Portugal back home, take home a classic fado recording, perhaps by Amália Rodrigues or Carlos Paredes, or a disc of ethereal Portuguese pop by the Lisbon group Madredeus.
Along with beautifully performed folkloric dances from all over Mexico, you’ll witness a pre-Hispanic ceremony called Los Voladores de Papantla, which represents an invocation to the four cardinal points and a prayer for fertility; a floreador roping exhibition; and the vibrant sounds of the mariachi.
Yet when Blumenthal finally testified last Thursday, and then denounced Starr from the courthouse steps, NBC correspondent David "Excitable Boy" Bloom poisoned Blumenthal's sound bite by characterizing it in advance as a "tirade."...
Rhythm 'n' blues (the music of the black South) and other manifestations of the black "sound," like urban doo-wop, came to the attention of whites--like the record mogul Ahmet Ertegun in Washington, the songwriters Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller (who wrote "Hound Dog" and "Kansas City") in Los Angeles, DJ Alan Freed in Cleveland, and Elvis Presley in Memphis, who was totally immersed in black music almost by accident.
Disco prefigured the most cataclysmic reordering of rock sound and attitude in 20 years: hip-hop, a form in which the technical "gimmickry" that Miller seems to both enjoy and distrust became central to music-making.
And you're right about how easy it is to get caught up in the sound and supply your own meanings.
"We believe [the stocks] offer a sound way to play the fundamental strength and renewed investor enthusiasm we expect to see during the fall and holiday shopping season," he wrote, arguing in essence that places like Amazon and eToys could expect to see booming business at Christmas, while portals like Yahoo would reap the benefits of all the new online shoppers, most of whom would pass through a portal to get to the e-commerce sites.
As sound bites go, this was just about perfect, a tiny dagger pitched into Gore's sternum.
But others are male, such as the author and illustrator who create Mary Worth anew every day, or George Horace Lorimer, an editor of the old magazine the Saturday Evening Post and an aphorist whose nuggets of wisdom sound uncannily Quindlenesque: "Education is about the only thing lying around loose in the world, and it's about the only thing a fellow can have as much of he's willing to haul away" is one of his more famous ones.
(Weiner says he himself learned the term bumf from two friends who work at the Economist .) On reflection, though, this reading seems more entertaining than sound.
When you consider that Japan is also the center of something called the Osaka Noise Scene, a sort of hardcore punk based solely on feedback and industrial sounds played at screeching, distorted levels, you get a situation where the tie-wearing salarymen (a great word) are listening to seven-second music on the platform and the punk kids are listening in bars to extended hour-long jams that sound exactly like a screeching, out-of-control train.
And I remain confident that most people, most of the time, can see beyond the sound bites to appreciate leaders who try to do the right things for the right reasons.
How did it change once music videos made a band's appearance more important than its sound?
The trumpets sound.
Canned as it probably was, this was a wicked sound bite.
At some point during most (perhaps all) of the shows on that tour, the band would, in the middle of a song, begin playing two notes and just continue playing them over and over for close to 20 minutes, with the sound gradually getting louder, until, as a friend of mine put it then, it sounded like you were in an airplane hangar.
Hip-hop also influences the burgeoning field of electronic pop , which ranges from pounding dance music that is little more than rhythm to quietly rippling music that's only slightly removed from New Age sound.
An article heralds the rise of the worm industry ("vermiculture"): Worms are a cheap, environmentally sound way of turning garbage into fertilizer.
Barney Frank, D-Mass., will "log some of the best sound bites," while Rep.
Dissenting, Rolling Stone 's David Wild forgives the album's faults: It "captures the sound of a man trying to tame hell-hounds from within."
The second of two installments in the presidential scholar's biography of the 36 th president is deemed "sound and judicious," and a corrective to Robert Caro's polemical anti-Johnson tomes (Sean Wilentz, the New York Times Book Review ). Critics seize on the lurid details, from LBJ's exposing himself to reporters to his behind-the-scenes machinations during the 1968 presidential campaign.
The most irksome aspects of Disney's $140 million spectacle: its jingoism, ear-splitting sound effects, trite one-liners, and unlikely premise--the planet's fate rests with redneck oil drillers.
His sound bite: "This was not a murder case.
; for sound only
The narrator tells us that "everyone is singing to the sound of Diet Coke," and invites us to win CDs and trips to the Grammies by checking the bottom of the bottle cap.
The official sound bite of the weekend--offered up by Clinton and by National Security Adviser Sandy Berger (on CNN's Late Edition ) and aped by the heads--was that this confrontation pits Iraq against the world, not Iraq against the United States.
They would have fired him several weeks ago: The entire pundit establishment is, of course, pleased that William Ginsburg will no longer haunt Washington offices and sound stages.
The sound of young conservatives baying for DNA has subsided.
Other revolutionaries have courted the press: Castro practically lives for sound bites, and the Zapatistas are better at planning press conferences than battles.
If you missed Heston's NRA sound bite, click . You can read some of his ornery comments about political correctness .
Their trading strategy, goes this story, was basically sound.
These failures frightened investors, whose attempts to pull their money out led to more bank failures; the desperate attempts of surviving banks to raise cash caused both a credit crunch (pushing many businesses that had seemed financially sound only months before over the brink) and plunging stock prices, bankrupting still more financial houses.
Maybe, in short, the reason that kids left alone sound terrified is that kids left alone naturally get terrified.
I imagine Clark waking to the sound of skyspatter on the morning of Nov. 16 and thinking: "I can't believe this shit."
RealAudio has not yet perfected sound recordings from beyond the grave, so poems by dead poets will be read by Pinsky himself rather than by the author.
It might be a straightforward rundown of the facts and arguments in a controversy that has been clouded by strong passions and flying sound bites.
A pamphlet called How to Raise Drug-Free Kids (produced by the partnership, Reader's Digest , the Department of Education, and ABC for the project) makes the project of child-rearing sound like growing seedless watermelons.
Not a bad sound bite.
They generally reflect the ambitions of state elected officials rather that the claims of sound public policy.
The sound man turned around and mouthed an apology but did not move.
"Sound becomes so critical," Zirinsky says.
They generally agreed that Brian was a maverick in the field--and perhaps a bit too much in love with his own self-image as a misunderstood outsider--but basically sound.
The contents of a Web site are stored on high-performance computers called servers . When you type a Web address into your browser, or click on a link or a "favorites" or "bookmark" button, you are telling your computer to fetch a specific set of data--text, images, sound, etc.--from some Web site's server.
I have found that when the incoming music is routed through my stereo, I get excellent sound.
The most melodically interesting track is the exhibitionist provocation of ""--a love letter to his gun--and it soon dawns on you that that's only because he's swiped the tune from Stevie Wonder's "." Otherwise, most of the creative energy seems to have gone not into the music, but into the dialogue and sound effects that precede and increasingly disrupt the songs.
You're trying to capture something as elusive as a sound, which suggests a word, from which eventually a complete lyric emerges."
Anointing Miss Manners a deep-thinking critic of 1960s liberation and license, he made her sound like a fellow Tory pundit, only in taffeta: Her quill quivered on behalf of the same neat, elite Western standards that he with his fountain pen defended on the editorial page.
He chooses the sounds with great care.
year after year went by to the sound of his typing but without a word from his typewriter appearing in the magazine.
Keyboard music poses the question in its starkest terms: Was the 19 th -century concert grand developed in response to the music being composed by Beethoven and his contemporaries, in order to realize its potential more fully, or was the Romantic style of keyboard writing itself a response to the sound of these new instruments?
The of his performances that I have heard do not capture the full strangeness in this sound.
From Jules and Jim there are the plucked, fragrant melodies that stop brilliantly short of cloying, the spasm of frantic neo-Baroque fiddling from Day for Night , and the tangy sounds of an out-of-tune barroom upright from Shoot the Piano Player . In these eclectic sketches--which capture an image but have no emotional arc of their own--the irony of this project comes into focus: the contradiction of championing film music by cleaving it from film.
Davis, on the other hand, had been through small-group bebop in the '40s, and found it too intense and inward; as he noted in his autobiography, he was struggling to find a way to make bop sound "sweet."
It's Jefferson Airplane's "White Rabbit," with its flamenco rhythm and cavernous studio sound.
There are telltale characteristics, widely if not universally present: the replacement of an initial "th" with a "d" sound ("dis," "dem") and of a medial or final "th" by an "f" or other consonant sound ("with" becomes "wif," "brother" becomes "bruvah"); a reduction of consonant clusters in general (so that "first" becomes "firs" and "hand" becomes "han"); the replacement of a final "r" sound with a vowel sound ("summah" for "summer" and "mo" for "more"); the prevalence of so-called plosive consonants (making a word such as "bill" sound more like "beel"); the placement of stress on a first, rather than a second, syllable ("DEE-troit"); the disappearance of the final "s" from third-person singular verbs ("what go 'round, come 'round"); the dropping of the copula ("I here," "the coffee cold") and of certain tense inflections altogether.
There are telltale characteristics, widely if not universally present: the replacement of an initial "th" with a "d" sound ("dis," "dem") and of a medial or final "th" by an "f" or other consonant sound ("with" becomes "wif," "brother" becomes "bruvah"); a reduction of consonant clusters in general (so that "first" becomes "firs" and "hand" becomes "han"); the replacement of a final "r" sound with a vowel sound ("summah" for "summer" and "mo" for "more"); the prevalence of so-called plosive consonants (making a word such as "bill" sound more like "beel"); the placement of stress on a first, rather than a second, syllable ("DEE-troit"); the disappearance of the final "s" from third-person singular verbs ("what go 'round, come 'round"); the dropping of the copula ("I here," "the coffee cold") and of certain tense inflections altogether.
Does that sound anything like the challenge posed by electronic media?
It was reported that Leigh's own father, Vic Morrow, inexplicably slighted her in his will, and you can't hear that sound in Washington Square without knowing in your bones where it came from.
But Brain Opera is swamped by the sound of Whatever, of Nothing in Particular.
The atmosphere of civic pride and civic hypocrisy, the mingled air of awe and contempt toward governmental institutions, rings not the bell of cliché but many eerie tintinnabulations: the gongs and chimes of public life, the distinct sounds of what we say, what we know we mean and what we don't know we mean.
The conversation in his poem is so convincingly real yet the poetry so gorgeous in its sounds that I always feel a little shocked to realize how sad the resolution actually is.
It plays a note, then a second note, and finally an insistent three-note chord with a sound somewhere between a train whistle and the Canadian Brass.
Prudie does not wish to confuse you and sound like Tevya in Fiddler on the Roof when he says, "on the other hand," but a complex piece of your puzzle is that tax fraud is a crime, and your duty as a citizen comes into play.
This woman has 20 years of real experience making progress on the critical problem of diversity in the workplace, but Weisberg and others are making her sound as if she's been a product of Washington, D.C., all the time.
Yes, at first glance, this alternative derivation would seem to make sense, because hype sort of sounds like hyperbole and sort of means hyperbole . It would also seem to make sense that frosh would be derived from freshman , since it sort of sounds like freshman and sort of means freshman . But it isn't.
Who and what influenced The Sound ? James Joyce and Ulysses ? Can only a Southerner truly appreciate Faulkner's settings?
"Raimundo Silva bent over, turned on the sound, Leonard Cohen made a gesture as if to thank him, now he could sing, and sing he did, he sang of things only someone who has lived can sing of, and asks himself how much and for what, someone who has loved and asks himself who and why, and, having asked all these questions, he can find no answer, not one, contrary to the belief that all the answers are there and that all we have to do is to learn how to phrase our questions."
How do these radios eke such relatively big sounds out of such small boxes?
His Bose 901 loudspeakers, the company's premium line for 30 years, have nine speaker cones, positioned all over the cabinet, so that the sound bounces around your room "just like in a concert hall."
A common complaint is that the sound of the big five American symphonies--New York, Philadelphia, Boston, Cleveland, and Chicago--while still of extremely high quality, is more and more homogenized.
The points you make are sound and Prudie's view is just, well, Prudie's view.
The senator was complaining about the very thing Plotz has now done: getting a sound bite from a senator relieving himself.
It's sound bite heaven for President Clinton's legal team, as all three papers' leads include the White House's characterization of the Starr investigation as a "hit-and-run smear campaign."
So Sobel has to fire a gun and Vitti has to get in touch with his blubbery inner child--shticks that sound more offensively pat than they play, largely because Crystal's handling of a pistol and De Niro's bawling like a 3-year-old seem like sensible therapies for each actor . In the last few years, Crystal's high-profile hosting chores have made his hunger for approval seem too sweatily transparent.
She says it lacks sourcing and attribution, "reverberates with the cloying sound of the talk-show confessional," and has a "propensity for Gothic melodrama and romance-novel prose."
What I don't trust is their ability to convey what it's like simply to have a meal with a loved one or to walk across a street or to wake up from a sound sleep without the self-consciousness that comes from a constant proximity to media.
First the roar of tanks coming down the valleys, then the sound of whistles being blown and the firing of automatic weapons, as the villages and hamlets that dot southern Kosovo ...
By contrast, the Rocket, which is made by a Silicon Valley start-up called NuvoMedia, is ergonomically sound, with the pleasing heft of a folded-over paperback.
For every Bill Clinton who springs from his mother's womb wearing a blue suit and speaking in sound bites, there are scores of awkward, ambitious Rotarians needing guidance.
Sound familiar?
A fast car with a big noisy engine and a bone-crushing CD sound system.
"Liven up a crowd, or a Klan rally in the senator's case, with the smooth, lilting sound of a banjo."
"A trumpet will sound and John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. will rise out of the Sound, clothed in pure white, shining like the sun, surrounded by the hosts of heaven."
Bruce Willis' damaged child psychologist wanders through an autumnal universe from which the warmth has been bleached (the pale yet deep-toned cinematography is by Tak Fujimoto), social intercourse is vaporous, and sounds seem piped in from another dimension.
While the headline seems to describe something pretty scary, the first three qualities--huge, powerful, fast--actually sound pretty appealing until the fourth comes along.
Some right-wingers have claimed that anyone with a good word for Malaysian capital controls (me in particular) is also in effect an accomplice in the imprisonment, on what certainly sound like trumped-up charges, of Mahathir's former heir apparent Anwar Ibrahim--an advocate of more conventional policies.
Participants are invited to submit other actual news items that sound taps for that turbulent decade, if you'll accept the idea that his pairing of "hip" and "respectable brands" travesties the spirit of that era, which might be easier to accept if you thought that he was on acid when he said it, or if you were right now.
Critics slam her voice as "false and ungainly" (Jonathan Levi, the Los Angeles Times ) and complain that her diary is tainted by ideas and language that sound awkwardly mature.
I fear I've made Rosetta sound programmatic.
But before too much redistributive social policy gets made around such results, it might be good to add a question to the survey: "Do you have a luxury sound system or a car less than two years old, or a luxury sound system in that car?"
It has a motor, internal speakers, a computer chip, a light sensor, a sound sensor, and touch sensors, so in addition to old-hat tricks like blinking and "dancing," Furby knows whether you're in the room and will talk, sing, and generally act cute.
It is quite firm about the r -sound when it follows a vowel-sound or is at the ends of words, not dropping it as is usual with the RP but insisting that it be given full value, in various ways, as it is in Scots and Irish and, generally but not always, in the speech of most Americans except for those in New England and the South.
noisome Has nothing to do with sound or decibel level, but means simply unpleasant or disgusting.
For instance, in English the name of the Russian composer is usually spelled Tchaikovsky and sometimes as Tschaikovsky or Tschaikowsky where three or four English letters are used to represent a sound represented by a single Russian letter and more normally by only two in English, ch . The name Chaliapin was first transliterated into a French spelling Chaliapine ; later, when most of the family moved to the United States, the e was dropped to Anglicize the spelling.
For wrestling, or what is loosely called wrestling in the United States and Latin America, the people of the Southern Cone of South America went to the English catch-as-catchcan . If you are familiar with the difficulty Spanish speakers have with dentals and fricatives when these are not separated by vowels, you can understand that the task of producing a string of sounds like that tends to stop a conversation, if not the speaker.
English speakers who used the charts read mar as mare `female horse,' which was later generalized to horse . Another possibility is that the origin was French golfe de la mer or latitude de la mer , French mer being quite close in sound to English mare , which was later generalized to horse . A third possibility is that the waters were populated by manatees, which might have been likened to horses, not too farfetched a suggestion when one considers that sailors are said to have imagined them to be mermaids.
As a speaker of AE sojourning for several months each year in Britain during the past twenty years, I have been struck by the creeping changes I have perceived in the RP pronunciation of some ordinary words (controversy, disciplinary) and of proper names: news-readers on BBC Radio 4 and World Service tend to stress Afghanistan and Khomeini on the last syllable where formerly one heard it stressed on the sound.
' However, Stimson and others have pointed out that Chinese phonology does change with time and that the Old Mandarin pronunciation for `country' had a final “k” sound unlike modern Chinese as now spoken on Taiwan and the mainland.
I won't bother going into the conversation that ensued; suffice it to say that acoustic guitars are simply the non-electric type and derive their sound from the acoustics of the instrument itself.
He offered the wine-skin to Bill and to me, and when I tipped it up to drink he imitated the sound of a klaxon motor-horn so well and so suddenly that I spilled some of the wine, and everybody laughed.
4. Combinations of sounds requiring two or more consecutive tongue movements are distorted into one compromised sound.
Substitution of sounds, syntax, or meaning also occurs in many epigrams.
\” being a voiced gb sound.
Moreover, most American dictionaries make a deliberate distinction between the sounds in odd/lot and start/father , with the former often displaying some rounding or, at worst, closer to \?\ than to \?\.
Not far from where I grew up in the English Midlands there were villages in which “air’ sounds were regularly replaced by “err.
A sound practice, unquestionably.
GAELIC ENGLISH fraoch `tuted heather' (a)bhadain fraoch-an- `heath in which wind makes a buzzing sound' or `which crackles when being burnt' fraoch- `cracklng' or `screeching heather' sgriachain fraoch- `heather with a loud sound when burstin' spreadanach 
Examining a graph of a simple speech component, such as the sound of a vowel, one sees a complex pattern of superimposed waves, having myriad peaks and valleys.
When one of a hundred “sound peaks” is altered by an electrical pop or crackle, the sound of an E does not suddenly change to that of a U; it simply sounds like a “noisy E.” If, on the other hand, speech contained “just enough” data, but no more, then the alteration of just one peak (or bit) would change the sound (or character) entirely.
Such oddities emanate largely from Tories who are midway through performing their own plastic surgery on their vowel sounds.
growly sort of chirping sound?”
' Or sin ton no son `without tone or sound'=`without rhyme or reason.
Sound, spelling, meaning, and humor all combine to make great spoonerisms.
Farm does not rhyme with warm, and the sound of wood differs greatly from food.
Since this English word has no association with guns, it is not possible that English gun triggered (as some have suggested) an irregular sound change, resulting in an English vowel which the Yiddish one would not otherwise have yielded.
By initiating his glossolalic cant with beth -element words ( feemalator, wamalama ) and continuing with palatal variations on their respective themes ( jasperator, gamanama ) the boy is apparently responding to the same primal urge that motivated the anonymous creators of our alphabet to begin their artificial series of sounds with aleph, beth, gimel , and daleth --and not with something like zis boom bah!
For the French, in all walks of life, to render one sound for another is not a slip but an art, practised equally studiously in bistros as well as in the salons of nobles, academicians, and beautiful people.
One of the problems with existing names is that they can be misleading or ambiguous: Sound View Drive, for instance, has not afforded a view of the Sound since all those houses were built in the 1920s.
The victim is murdered, the funeral is attended , confides another, the grisly humor continuing in The sound of footsteps does not disturb the severed head .
Tuke's definition has a remarkably contemporary sound.
Someone comes up with a spelling to approximate a sound, which someone else eventually reads, mispronounces, and thus turns into a new sound.
But these sounds are meant to be said in haste and slurred slightly, so that whew comes across as a half-whistled expulsion of breath, not a precise word with the wh of what and the ew of ewer .
Bloosh , spotted in both X-Men and Superman , is the sound a body makes when hitting the water and sinking.
Or maybe some sounds will never have absolute phonetic accuracy bestowed on them, as in ring —or is it rrring , or some other sound altogether?
Several languages of Southern Africa employ familiar non-alphabetic symbols, like ! and # to indicate the unusual click sounds.
When the vowel sound in the noun changed from long “u” to the same sound as in coarse , a need was evidently felt to have a spelling distinction so as to tell the two apart in print.
The sound of snoring is due to vibration of the soft palate and the vulva at the back of the throat.
My aim was to capture the sound of today's Serbian slang for the English-speaking reader.
In the Romance languages spawned by Latin, h has all but disappeared as a symbol of sound value.
8. knap a yack--knap is a cheating throw at dice, and yack is the sound of finger beating on the forehead; it means cheating dice.
It derives its name from one of its sounds, which greatly resembles the modulation of an intriguing boar cat.
One is moved to enquire how the sound is articulated by speakers of other English dialects or in other regions (New England, for example), but the book does not go into that much detail.
Neither fitter (in this sense) nor flugens appears in any readily available American dialect reference, nor do they appear to be related to German words of similar sound.
Its own name is equally imitative, not of its voice but of the sharp whirring sound made by its wings when it suddenly flies up.
English already has several well known -onym words (from the Greek onyma meaning name), such as synonym (same meaning), antonym (opposite meaning), and homonym (same sound).
Graduates of the I. U .School of Law-Indianapolis leave with fundamental lawyering skills and a sound legal education.
He recorded many successful albums in the 1960s, and has been called the “King of Brown Sound.”
Could we finitely specify the list, “If I were to enter the room, I would have the following sense data; and if one who is red-green colorblind were to enter the room he or she would have the following sense data; and if the rocker were to be on a soft rug, the sounds that would be heard by one who is A-flat tone deaf would   .
The sounds of fighting continued outside the cockpit.
But the underlying system must also be sound.
We have relied on a mix of common sense, the sound of the name in Arabic, and common usage in source materials, the press, or government documents.
Simulated microarray data and "virtual pooling" of actual data utilized here as well as statistical theory suggest that the underlying principles of this proposal are sound.
The formal musical rhythm, which results when repeatedly playing a pattern, does not depend on the entry point chosen (rotation) or on the type of the sounds played (permutation).
These could include hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
• Increased exposure to external sounds over time could contribute to reorganizations of neural pathways responsible for tinnitus generation and perception.
Depending on test results and individual preferences, patients can increase the level of pleasant sounds in any environment by using hearing aids, in-the-ear sound generators, tinnitus instruments (combinations of hearing aids + sound generators), tabletop sound generation machines, Sound Pillows, tapes or CDs.
Quickening the availability of culture and sensitivity reports will enable the treatment to have a sound bacteriological basis.
Here we present an easy but sound recipe for quantifying statistical significance, based on careful statistical characterization of a large dataset of GeneChip ®experiments.
Implemented together, these measures provide a basis for improving accountability over government operations and routinely producing sound cost and operating performance information, thereby making it possible to better assess and improve the government's financial condition and operating performance.
Thus, economic growth depends not only on the amount of saving and investment but also on an educated work force, an expanding base of knowledge, a continuing infusion of innovations, and a sound legal and institutional environment.
Computer Security Is an Integral Element of Sound Management
To appraise senior executives' contributions to organizational results, the agencies identified (1) core competencies and supporting behaviors for senior executives to follow that are intended to achieve results, such as learning about current issues and applying that knowledge to make sound decisions or pursuing business excellence, and (2) to only a limited extent, targets for senior executives to meet that are directly linked to organizational goals, such as the average return on sales of acquired properties or the percent of cases meeting accuracy standards.
This legislation would be a supplement to administrative actions that we have taken and will be taking in the near future, and it is based on a sound business case focused on enabling us to better support Congress in the future.
He would later tell a New York Law Journal reporter of the "deafening, thunderous, whistling noise that was like a missile - a sound I never hope to hear again."
Combined political and economic strength set a sound base for Datuk Seri Dr. Mahathir bin Mohamad, when he took up office in July 1981.
A tattoo is a highly polished show of military marching, pageantry, mock battles, and horsemanship, accompanied by the sounds of pipe-and-drum bands from around the world.
The Aswan sound and light show takes place at Philae Temple some 20 minutes away.
Hong Kong has a vast range of the most high-tech audio-visual, sound, and screen equipment.
This is also the site of Waverley Station, and the sound of arriving trains can be heard as background noise throughout the day.
Philae has one of the most evocative sound and light shows in Egypt, so do try and make time to return in the evening to see it .
From the home of Cardinal Ippolito d’Este, guests can look down at the terraced gardens, the real reason for Tivoli’s fame and your visit: alleys of cypresses and soaring fountains (500 in all, including Bernini’s Bicchierone), grottoes, waterfalls, reflecting pools, and everywhere the cool sound of rushing water.
In the colonial days, the sound of a cricket bat’s willow would have been heard as the afternoon’s sun-rays stretched across the field.
Sound and Light Show: The history of the Acropolis is brought to life through dancing lights and an informative narration, and the surrounding darkness really allows you to study the beauty of the Parthenon.
As you walk down the street you’ll hear the sounds of daily activity floating through the open windows, occasionally a radio station with news, or maybe evangelical songs.
The sound of music in Bali can be the hypnotic tones of the gamelan orchestra, or the alluring call of the disco beat at Kuta or Legian, where the action begins at midnight and lasts until dawn.
Northwest of the city of Hamilton, in Pembroke Parish, lies a small area of land reaching out into the mouth of Great Sound.
Two of the world’s finest golf courses nestle against Harrington Sound, a large caldera now filled with tidal seawater.
On the far side of the bridge that spans the entrance to Harrington Sound is the Bermuda Aquarium, Natural History Museum, and Zoo (bus routes #3, #10, and #11).
To get across Castle Harbour to St. George’s, you must go north here, taking Paynter’s Road to Harrington Sound.
You can man the controls of a space vehicle for a simulated moon-landing, broadcast your voice clear around the world through a parabolic sound reflector, or find out what goes on off-camera in a fully equipped TV studio.
In its lovely mountain setting on the Cumberland Sound, this peaceful Inuit town is a good place to buy Inuit carvings — and to start your viewing of harbor seals and the elusive beluga whales.
This is the same sound Marco Polo heard when he passed this way on his own camel caravan 700 years ago.
The sound of post-war prosperity was the blast of steam whistles on the river.
You may also catch the sound of jingling bells signaling that the local ice-cream seller is around.
