In addition to that, by helping them find jobs, Goodwill reduced the state's Public Support tab by an estimated $4 million.
Federal, state and local governments are freezing or withdrawing much-needed funding sources for people who are truly in need.
Name Address City, State Zip
Name Address City, State, Zip
For a minimum contribution of $250, you become eligible for a 50% Indiana state tax credit through the Indiana Department of Commerce Neighborhood Assistance Program (NAP).
In 1996 the WHO found that much of the population existed in a state of ``semi starvation.''
He did not speak to reporters in Jordan, but he told The Associated Press before leaving the United States that he hopes to "separate the humanitarian work from the political issues."
Iraq says the United States and Britain hold up delivery of needed supplies, using their clout in the United Nations.
In light of Secretary of State Albright's imminent trip to the middle east, the New York Times , Los Angeles Times and Washington Post emphasize the deteriorating situation there.
The NYT states that when Albright shows up on Tuesday, she will "read the riot act" to Yassir Arafat about cracking down on terrorism.
Given that the troubles on the West Bank have not only frosted relations between Arafat and Israel, but also those between Israel and Egypt and between Israel and Saudi Arabia, the paper states that the U.S. is now facing the prospect that the moderate Arab coalition it built after the Persian Gulf war to contain Iraq and Iran is falling apart.
The Wall Street Journal "Outlook" observes, "In the U.S. job market, the balance of power is shifting to employees from employers," and states that "the retention frenzy was triggered in part by previous waves of corporate downsizing," which left behind survivors who took stock of career options and used Internet job listings and intensified recruiting to land better offers, which in turn led to counter-offers and higher salaries.
In the Texas case, reports USAT , the defendant companies have agreed to pay about $15 billion over 25 years to reimburse the state for expenses it incurred in the treatment of smoking-related illnesses.
That makes Texas the third state to settle such a case, joining Florida and Mississippi.
The Wall Street Journal states that the plaintiffs' lawyers hired by Texas to try the case will receive as part of the deal almost $2.2 billion in fees.
"Know that" brings with it the standard and nonstandard issues of the truth or falseness of propositions as they report states of the world.
The secretary of defense directed the nation's armed forces to Defense Condition 3, an increased state of military readiness.
For the first time in history, all nonemergency civilian aircraft in the United States were grounded, stranding tens of thousands of passengers across the country.
Secretary of State Colin Powell, who had returned from Peru after hearing of the attacks, joined the discussion.
A senior al Qaeda detainee has stated that U.S. government efforts after the 9/11 attacks to monitor the American homeland, including review of Muslims' immigration files and deportation of nonpermanent residents, forced al Qaeda to operate less freely in the United States.
The government's ability to collect intelligence inside the United States, and the sharing of such information between the intelligence and law enforcement communities, was not a priority before 9/11.
Flights of Saudi Nationals Leaving the United States
Three questions have arisen with respect to the departure of Saudi nationals from the United States in the immediate aftermath of 9/11: (1) Did any flights of Saudi nationals take place before national airspace reopened on September 13, 2001?
Third, we believe that the FBI conducted a satisfactory screening of Saudi nationals who left the United States on charter flights.
 This group usually included Vice President Cheney, Secretary of State Powell, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, General Hugh Shelton, Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs (later to become chairman) General Myers, DCI Tenet, Attorney General Ashcroft, and FBI Director Robert Mueller.
The United States would punish not just the perpetrators of the attacks, but also those who harbored them.
Secretary Powell said the United States had to make it clear to Pakistan, Afghanistan, and the Arab states that the time to act was now.
Secretary Powell said the United States had to make it clear to Pakistan, Afghanistan, and the Arab states that the time to act was now.
He wondered aloud how much evidence the United States would need in order to deal with these countries, pointing out that major strikes could take up to 60 days to assemble.
In the first meeting, he stressed that the United States was at war with a new and different kind of enemy.
The United States would need to integrate diplomacy, financial measures, intelligence, and military actions into an overarching strategy.
They concluded that if Pakistan decided not to help the United States, it too would be at risk.
The same day, Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage met with the Pakistani ambassador to the United States, Maleeha Lodhi, and the visiting head of Pakistan's military intelligence service, Mahmud Ahmed.
The same day, Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage met with the Pakistani ambassador to the United States, Maleeha Lodhi, and the visiting head of Pakistan's military intelligence service, Mahmud Ahmed.
Armitage said that the United States wanted Pakistan to take seven steps:
to give the United States blanket overflight and landing rights for all necessary military and intelligence operations;
to provide the United States with intelligence information;
That afternoon, Secretary of State Powell announced at the beginning of an NSC meeting that Pakistani President Musharraf had agreed to every U.S. request for support in the war on terrorism.
The President wanted the United States to strike the Taliban, step back, wait to see if they got the message, and hit them hard if they did not.
President Bush also tasked the State Department, which on the following day delivered to the White House a paper titled "Game Plan for a Political- Military Strategy for Pakistan and Afghanistan."
The paper took it as a given that Bin Ladin would continue to act against the United States even while under Taliban control.
It therefore detailed specific U.S. demands for the Taliban: surrender Bin Ladin and his chief lieutenants, including Ayman al Zawahiri; tell the United States what the Taliban knew about al Qaeda and its operations; close all terrorist camps; free all imprisoned foreigners; and comply with all UN Security Council resolutions.
The State Department proposed delivering an ultimatum to the Taliban: produce Bin Ladin and his deputies and shut down al Qaeda camps within 24 to 48 hours, or the United States will use all necessary means to destroy the terrorist infrastructure.
The State Department proposed delivering an ultimatum to the Taliban: produce Bin Ladin and his deputies and shut down al Qaeda camps within 24 to 48 hours, or the United States will use all necessary means to destroy the terrorist infrastructure.
The State Department did not expect the Taliban to comply.
Therefore, State and Defense would plan to build an international coalition to go into Afghanistan.
Finally, the plan detailed a public U.S. stance: America would use all its resources to eliminate terrorism as a threat, punish those responsible for the 9/11 attacks, hold states and other actors responsible for providing sanctuary to terrorists, work with a coalition to eliminate terrorist groups and networks, and avoid malice toward any people, religion, or culture.
President Bush directed Secretary of State Powell to deliver an ultimatum to the Taliban along the lines that his department had originally proposed.
The State Department was also tasked to develop a plan to stabilize Pakistan and to be prepared to notify Russia and countries near Afghanistan when hostilities were imminent.
On the same day, Deputy Secretary of State Armitage was called by Mahmud Ahmed regarding a two-day visit to Afghanistan during which the Pakistani intelligence chief had met with Mullah Omar and conveyed the U.S. demands.
The pre-9/11 draft presidential directive on al Qaeda evolved into a new directive, National Security Presidential Directive 9, now titled "Defeating the Terrorist Threat to the United States."
The United States would strive to eliminate all terrorist networks, dry up their financial support, and prevent them from acquiring weapons of mass destruction.
Iraq had been an enemy of the United States for 11 years, and was the only place in the world where the United States was engaged in ongoing combat operations.
Iraq had been an enemy of the United States for 11 years, and was the only place in the world where the United States was engaged in ongoing combat operations.
Speculating about other possible states that could be involved, the President told us he also thought about Iran.
It argued that of the three, al Qaeda and Iraq posed a strategic threat to the United States.
The CENTCOM commander told us he renewed his appeal for further military planning to respond to Iraqi moves shortly after 9/11, both because he personally felt that Iraq and al Qaeda might be engaged in some form of collusion and because he worried that Saddam might take advantage of the attacks to move against his internal enemies in the northern or southern parts of Iraq, where the United States was flying regular missions to enforce Iraqi no-fly zones.
He also had a message for those outside the United States.
In Phase One, the United States and its allies would move forces into the region and arrange to operate from or over neighboring countries such as Uzbekistan and Pakistan.
This occurred in the weeks following 9/11, aided by overwhelming international sympathy for the United States.
In Phase Three, the United States would carry out "decisive operations" using all elements of national power, including ground troops, to topple the Taliban regime and eliminate al Qaeda's sanctuary in Afghanistan.
However, a movement was growing on the Greek peninsula against Ottoman rule and for an independent Greek state.
Although this attempt was unsuccessful, the campaign for a Greek state continued into the 19th century and began to grow in strength.
The Cyclades and the Sporades island chains were also included in this new state.
He promised a modern state for his people, but as the situation became volatile, civil strife broke out in Turkish cities, and those considered Greek were victims of threats and violence.
Finally, Greece was ousted from its new territory in Asia Minor, which became part of the new Turkish state.
Many Greek islanders chose to leave rather than live in poverty and terror, and many made new homes in the United States and Australia.
The Crusaders established a feudal Christian state with Godfrey at its head.
In the 1890s, Theodor Herzl (1860–1904) worked to organize a movement, Zionism, to create a Jewish state.
In 1947 the United Nations voted for the partition of Palestine into two states, one Jewish and one Arab, with Jerusalem as an international city that belonged to neither.
The State of Israel was declared during this difficult time.
In response, member states of the Arab League sent troops to help the Palestinian Arabs.
Although Yiddish has been in danger of dying out for hundreds of years, the language is spoken today by millions of people throughout the world—Russia, Poland, Rumania, France, England, Israel, Africa, Latin America, New Zealand, Australia, Canada, and the United States, where, like the bagel, it was leavened on both coasts, in New York and Hollywood.
From the standpoint of language, Ventris's work was more important, particularly because it filled in a gap in our knowledge of the early states of Indo-European languages.
The rationale behind referring to them as “lost” arises from the author's observation of an unfortunate state of affairs: because of an increasingly widespread lack of familiarity with the basic, structural elements of our culture—Greek and Roman mythology, the Bible, literature, and ordinary historical fact—people today are unable to discern the origins of terms like aphrodisiac, Achilles [sic] heel or tendon, meet one's Waterloo, sow dragon's teeth , and hand-writing on the wall , to name a few.
In the case of state and local governments, directed flows are known as "unfunded mandates."
House of Representatives from the Chicago area, did not disclose how big the state's hit would be but issued a statement Thursday pointing out that only four states would lose more federal money than Illinois in 2003.
Program Letter 1995-4 provided a general outline as to the issues and criteria that the state planning process should address.
..Provided, however, that the Administrator shall not be required to designate areas for the revised fine particles national primary ambient air quality standard and 8-hour ozone fine particles national primary ambient air quality standard prior to 6-months after the States are required to submit recommendations under section 107(d)(1)(A), but in no event shall the period for designating such
I grew up in the 1950s, at a time when the concept of the United States as a melting pot was widely preached in our schools and everyday life.
Fill in the blank on this tax tip from a Washington state IRS collection officer.
The results of this pilot study combining tumor registry and insurance claims data raises an important issue for cancer practice in the State of Hawaii and elsewhere.
Frustrated by the Taliban's resistance, two senior State Department officials suggested asking the Saudis to offer the Taliban $250 million for Bin Ladin.
On its front page, the Guardian claimed Monday that the United States is "quietly putting pressure on the British Government" to have Pinochet sent home.
If Colorado's representatives were to heed term limits, the state's congressional delegation would be less powerful than the delegations from states that don't recognize term limits.
They were not employed to analyze the enemy that, as the twentieth century closed, was most likely to launch a surprise attack directly against the United States.
Highlighting South African President Nelson Mandela's public criticisms of the United States, which it said were a break with "the treatment usually reserved for the president of the world's greatest power," the newspaper said in its editorial that Mandela had confirmed that Africa's new leaders were not totally manipulable and controllable people.
But the paper also deplored the "cultural domination" of the Internet by the United States and Europe.
State inspectors were authorized to attach a “tenement-made” tag to garments produced by violators.
However, in my current grumpy and groggy state, I'm in absolutely no mood to discuss political correctness.
The 1975 law governing the educational access rights of the disabled states that schools don't have to pay for "medical services," but the Court ruled that only applies to services provided by physicians.
-- Alex Tabarrok Ball State University, department of economics Muncie, Ind.
Currently, the State Bar's Delivery of Legal Services Committee is attempting to involve government attorneys in pro bono efforts, and the Bar Association's Pro Se Committee, chaired by the Director of New Hampshire Legal Assistance, is working with the New Hampshire Supreme Court to create a courtsponsored Pro Se Task Force and launch a thorough study of pro se issues in the state.
allocate, for such year, to each unit in the Zone 2 States listed in theAdministrator's Emissions Scorecard 2000, Appendix B, Table B1 an amount of nitrogen oxides allowances determined by multiplying eighty percent of the allocation amount under section 453(b) by the ratio of such unit's heat input in the Emissions Scorecard 2000, Appendix B, Table B1 to the total of the heat input in the Emissions Scorecard 2000, Appendix B, Table B1 for all units in the Zone 2 States;
There’s little evidence left of the bad old days of Prohibition when merchants and rum-runners here made fortunes smuggling liquor into the United States.
FDA = United States Food and Drug Administration; GP = glycoprotein; MI = myocardial infarction; PAES = Parodi Anti-Emboli System; US = United States.
Does he know of all the "Pippen Parks" underwritten by Pippen in his home state of Arkansas to provide safe play environments for kids?
A member of the only student-run chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union in New York state, Zelon worked to resolve disputes between students and police officers to help protect the public's right to peaceful protest.
The Constitution represented a pact among preexisting states.
In Israel, Ha'aretz led its front page Monday with a report that Yasser Arafat is to ask Clinton, when they meet in Washington March 23, to give formal support to the Palestinian right to establish an independent state.
Without a national program, each of the OTC states would adopt a state-by-state program, mostly based on the California program, unless a state could show it could meet the Clean Air Act requirements by some other means.
The CIA's number one customer is the president of the United States, who also has the authority to direct it to conduct covert operations.
It also accused the United States of hijacking the United Nations and "taking for itself rights that the international community has not accorded it."
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright's call for direct Israel-Lebanon talks on the withdrawal of Israeli troops from Lebanese territory.
Usually all copies of mtDNA are identical, a state known as homoplasmy.
Main chain sampling was performed using an exhaustive enumeration technique based on 14 discrete torsion angle states [ 33 ] . For longer main chain regions (> 15 residues), fragments from a database of protein structures are used to generate the torsion angle values.
HUD states that the interim rule will not have a substantial, direct effect on the States or on the relationship between the federal government and the States or on the distribution of power or responsibilities among various levels of government because the interim rule primarily involves relationships between HUD and private entities.
In some states, it may be possible to develop and implement statewide initiatives to improve service delivery, increase resources, and enhance the capacity of the system to meet the civil legal needs of all low-income people without altering service areas or historical relationships.
In 1998, two years after Washington cut legal-aid funding by a third or $122 million - state programs started facing more rigorous requirements for grant renewals, including achieving "optimal configuration of service areas."
The NYT describes an "ebullient" Gore and immediately points up the contrast with his 1988 presidential campaign when he skipped the caucuses, calling them "madness," and referred to "the small state of Iowa."
"The silent majority in Israel stopped caring a long time ago about Nablus or Hebron or Gaza or a Palestinian state.
The price of American land reflects the value of living in the United States of America.
Typical A frequency distribution of unfiled rates shows that 14 states had rates of 3, which turns out to be both the mode and the median for this distribution.
Maryland was the first state to require community service from its high-school students, following the Clinton administration's emphasis on public service in the early '90s.
However, LSC, in the proper exercise of its statutory authority, may sometimes reject a state plan as insufficiently responsive to the tenets of State Planning and substitute a reconfiguration plan adjudged to better maximize effective and efficient delivery of high quality legal services.
Pursuant to section 801(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, this is our report on major rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), entitled "Registration Form Used by Open-End Management Investment Companies" (Registration Form rule) and "New Disclosure Option for Open-End Management Investment Companies" (New Disclosure Option rule) (RIN: 3235-AE46 and 3235-AH03).
The final rule adopts a new standard for foreign participation in the U.S. satellite services market consistent with the United States' obligation under the World Trade Organization Agreement on Basic Telecommunications Services (Agreement).
President Clinton helped China get into the business of launching U.S. communications satellites by transferring licensing authority over these launches from the State to the Commerce Department in 1996.
' But once the Russians and the Cubans left, the United States had no use for Unita.
Because PRWORA gave states the option of changing Medicaid coverage, state-level information is useful in understanding how PRWORA was implemented across the United States.
Of the 6 states with the highest immigrant populations (70% of the total immigrant population of the United States), California and Illinois were the only states that preserved Medicaid coverage for qualified immigrants through state-only funds [ 22 ] . Thirty-six states eliminated Medicaid coverage during the 5-year bar [ 7 31 ]
With neither timely information on the state of sales at the store, nor the capability to use that information, little could be done to resolve this source of uncertainty and excess cost in the channel.
The consensus on Jiang's state visit was that it was a "win-win," in the words of Eleanor Clift of The McLaughlin Group . Al Hunt (CNN's Capital Gang ) declared that "Clinton got it right" by simultaneously criticizing China's human-rights violations and toasting the dictator.
The charitable view: Russia is playing good cop , while the United States plays bad cop.
On the other hand, the paper said that recognition of the importance of compromise was better than open confrontation, especially in a region regarded by both sides as vital to their interests and where troops were kept in a state of high combat readiness.
Others in the United States pushing for NATO expansion include a vocal Eastern and Central European diaspora (symbolized now by Czech-born Secretary of State Madeleine Albright); columnist William Safire; and Sens.
In several states and regions, collaborations around client issues have resulted in the expansion of services to clients.
If the state planning body disagrees with the Vice President's decision, they may then request a face-to-face meeting with the LSC President to seek reconsideration of the Vice President's recommendation.
The United States and the IMF moved quickly because South Korea's situation is worse than was originally thought and because, without the bailout, the crisis might spread to Japan and eventually to the United States.
The Foundation, along with The Florida State Bar and several law firms, have provided funds to hire a statewide pro bono development director.
factors, emissions reductions required to occur by the attainment date or dates of any relevant nonattainment areas in the petitioning State or political subdivision.
Die Welt of Germany said Monday in an editorial page article signed Katja Ridderbusch that "if the United States wants to be consistent with its own pretensions, it has no choice but to approve the idea of a world system of justice."
The six private sector and three state organizations we studied have been recognized by their peers and other independent researchers for their outstanding financial management practices and successful finance reengineering efforts.
account fund has swelled and contracted, depending on the pricing whims of the state's banks.
The worst-case scenario is that Brazil's troubles will spread to the rest of Latin America and the United States.
They represented fundamental splits--between supporters of constitutional democracy and its opponents, between friends and enemies of human rights, between people who believe in limited government and those who want an overweening state.
STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS -State and local governments generally include: the 50 States and the District of Columbia; cities, counties, townships, school districts, special districts, public authorities, and other local governmental units as defined by the Bureau of the Census; and Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and other US territories.
10 For simplicity, these fiscal policy simulations assume that saving by households, businesses, and state and local governments remains constant as a share of GDP and that the surpluses saved are used to reduce debt held by the public.
cc: President of the United States Vice President of the United States
Yet only 23 percent of the state's 23,598 active lawyers reported meeting the Georgia State Bar's goal of 50 hours of pro-bono service in 2002.
Binalshibh also researched flight schools in Europe, and in the Netherlands he met a flight school director who recommended flight schools in the United States because they were less expensive and required shorter training periods.
The United States runs a relatively small merchandise-trade deficit with Europe relative to its deficit with Japan (in some European countries, e.g., the United Kingdom, the United States runs a surplus).
Essentially the rest of the world is treated as analogous to a bank where the United States can make deposits or withdrawals or draw on a credit line.
For example, he noted that three of the five Indiana Supreme Court justices are graduates of the law school, that our graduates include 100 of the state's 360 trial court judges, and that 30% of the state's lawyers graduated from the law school.
Uncompensated care reimbursement pools, common in states with former all-payer rate-setting systems, led to increased uncompensated care expenditures throughout the 1990s.
The suggested goal of the investigation was to locate Mihdhar, determine his contacts and reasons for being in the United States, and possibly conduct an interview.
UNITED STATES, PETITIONER 99-960 v.
All the papers report that federal agents broke an illegal alien smuggling ring that allegedly brought Asian workers to the United States.
Several states have bills pending that would require bounty hunters to register with police, take more extensive training courses, and obey procedural constraints that apply to police, such as announcing themselves before entering a private home.
In the Muslim world, the Pakistani daily Dawn announced a "new American doctrine of unilateral brinkmanship" by which the United States claimed to be sole "international sheriff, judge and hangman, all at one and the same time."
The Illegal, written and directed by Robert Young in 1979, deals with the issue of undocumented immigration by portraying the experiences of one man’s journey into the United States and back to Mexico.
Legal services programs in Minnesota continue to work together to integrate and provide a full range of services to clients across the state.
With the federal government having just given itself pay raises across the board without having produced a budget for the fiscal year that starts tomorrow one looks in vain for the alternative headline "STATES TO TIE POLITICIAN PAY TO RESULTS."
The palace balcony from which Spartacist leader Karl Liebknecht proclaimed his doomed “Socialist Republic” in 1918 was added to the front of the Staatsrat (Council of State) building on the east side of the square, while the monstrous bronze, glass, and steel Palast der Republik, once, not so very long ago, the seat of East Germany’s parliament, replaced what remained of the royal residence.
He appropriated for the State much of the personal fortunes of the princes, but found it harder to curtail the power of land-owners who had extensive contacts with the more conservative elements in his Congress Party.
The Independent of London concluded that the "episode only shows how abnormal a state Russia remains, utterly unschooled in the orderly democratic transfer of constitutional power."
In Japan, Asahi Shimbun reported Wednesday that raccoons imported from the United States as pets have become an ecological and agricultural "nightmare" in Japan.
A new state support center has been created to engage in legislative monitoring and advocacy, training, coordination of statewide advocacy, collection and dissemination of information, and coordination of the system of substantive law task forces.
The idea that Americans constituted an organic national unit explained, implicitly, why the eleven Southern states could not go their own way.
You only have to imagine a state policy applying the high-school quota system to, say, basketball scholarships--and explicitly being praised by state officials as a way to increase the number of white basketball players--to realize how empty the claims are that this arrangement avoids the alleged evil of racial preference.
Helms, for example, held up numerous ambassadorial appointments to pressure Clinton to reorganize the State Department.
He defected and became a star informant for the United States.
Clinton announced yesterday that the EPA will force states to clean up 20,000 rivers, lakes, and bays currently too dirty to swim or fish in, the Post and the NYT report.
under subpart 1 of part B and subpart 1 of part C, one of the 48 contiguous States or the District of Columbia; or.
It is, however, the most liberal Muslim state in the Middle East with a constitution and judiciary based on western democratic models, not shariah Muslim law.
The Times of India reported Monday from the eastern state of Orissa that receding waters after last week's cyclone disaster have revealed mounds of corpses in almost every village.
Meanwhile, the NYT says the Hong Kong developments "could lead to a broad regional economic slowdown that would dampen the sales and earnings not just of local companies, but of major corporations from the United States to Europe that operate there."
For a deterministic dynamical system, each state changes into a unique successor state.
There’s not that much to do or see on the seven islands that make up Boston Harbor Islands State Park, but an afternoon spent here offers gentle strolls, picnics, and bird-watching — a welcome respite from urban frenzy.
Section 605(b) states that the certification and explanatory statement shall be provided to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration (SBA).
The ITC has enlisted legal services attorneys from across the state to manage each of the 12 categories, and those volunteers will organize contributions and add them to a searchable database.
Labor in the United States is by no means perfect, and dealing with intransigent unions can be a byzantine, harrowing, and expensive process.
And I sympathize with your remark on page 19: Brunner's First Law of Authorship states: “In any given body of text there is at least one error that its writer has read straight past three times.”
2. Where state regulations prohibit importation or use of the recommended test species, permission must be requested from the appropriate state agency prior to their use.
Clinton and congressional Republicans have been trading barbs for several days about the state of Social Security legislation, which aims to confront a looming shortage of funds when Baby Boomers retire.
As a result, our only remaining recourse is either to file suit in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia or to forego further assertion of our access rights.
The Temple of Saturn doubled as state treasury and center of the December debauchery known as the Saturnalia, pagan precursor of Christmas.
Until recently, millions of green-card holders were content to live in the United States as resident aliens.
Liberals protested that the ruling emasculates Congress' power to bind states to federal law.
However, there are some indications that public support mechanisms to hospitals may be in jeopardy [ 36 ] . First, DSH payments are large and repeatedly become targets for budget cuts by federal and state governments.
Writing in the Saudi paper Asharq al-Awsat , he said there was next to no prospect of an accommodation between Iraq and the United States but a likelihood instead of more American airstrikes that would leave the underlying problems unresolved.
This implication reinforces claims that high rates of uninsurance in United States have negative effects, but does not directly address our original hypothesis about the immigrant eligibility provisions of PRWORA.
(The Federal unemployment tax is levied and collected separately from the state unemployment tax.)
L. Monahan, State Bar of Georgia).
The LAT , more than the NYT , emphasizes the Supreme Court's general stance on assisted suicide laws--that they involve no constitutional issue and hence are the province of the individual states.
In fact, I even feel like a wimp for having to try to curry sympathy for death-row prisoners by pointing out the procedural irregularities in their cases; I oppose executing them even when they are monsters in human form, because, while I can easily understand why someone would want to kill the murderer of their near and dear, I can't at all understand why someone would want to give the state the power to kill them--even if it's not being abused in that exact case, it's going to be, and probably sooner rather than later, as the much-publicized racial statistics of the death penalty's application demonstrate.
After the department designated Sudan a state sponsor of terrorism in 1993, it put Bin Ladin on its TIPOFF watchlist, a move that might have prevented his getting a visa had he tried to enter the United States.
The North American Aerospace Defense Command imagined the possible use of aircraft as weapons, too, and developed exercises to counter such a threat-from planes coming to the United States from overseas, perhaps carrying a weapon of mass destruction.
Accordingly, in our quest to create world-class justice communities in each state and territory in this great country, we began to focus on other initiatives that were, to us, just as important as state planning to the creation of a delivery system in which eligible clients in every state are afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves and ultimately to attain high-quality civil legal assistance.
According to Khallad, Malaysia was an ideal destination because its government did not require citizens of Saudi Arabia or other Gulf states to have a visa.
"Some have said, 'Well, you're gonna be too late in some state,' " he lamented.
In the mature state, the intertrabecular spaces were always most prominent in the anterior aspect of the TM, and less so posteriorly (Figure 3Cand 3D).
In 1881, King David Kalakaua launched a world tour, visiting the heads of state in Japan, Thailand, Egypt, and England.
In addition, he committed the United States to increasing cooperative efforts in the Western Hemisphere, and with our allies globally, to aggressively pursue joint research and actions.
Lobbying is a smaller and less familiar industry in Britain than it is in the United States.
Here, for example, is Morris' riff on the extraordinarily complicated 60-year history of the modern American welfare state: "Under the 1935 Social Security Act, a family on welfare was re-classified as 'self-supporting' the moment Pop was hired ...
Some of the following expressions, like writ room, must have had their beginnings in states of tranquillity.
The NYT and WP quote State sources claiming that even if Bushnell's request had been honored, the completion of a new embassy would have taken years, and hence the U.S. would have still occupied the old one at the time of the bombing.
On the World Trade Organization conference in Seattle, Le Monde of Paris led Friday with divisions in the European camp over its negotiating stance toward the United States.
Later in 2002, building on this panel, the Virginia State Planning Assembly began creating an action plan of goals for obtaining diverse staff and boards, growing a diverse corps of leaders and deeper engagement with the client community.
XX-XXX) to accelerate the development of this industry in the United States.
(iii) based on data for the unit reported to the State where the unit is located asrequired by State law, if the unit was not required to report heat input during the year under section 405 and did not report to the Energy Information Administration; or
But Novak's absurdity lies in linking totalitarian programs of extermination to onerous regulations in contemporary Europe and the United States.
I don't care that most of you on Slate are not from Washington state, and that your sympathies may not be with Ferrigno.
An article in the Arizona Daily Star of December 19, 1943, states that the club was “to help the children sustain pride and interest in the traditions, customs and folklore of Mexico and to perpetuate these customs among Spanish-speaking people of Tucson.”
Three states and the District of Columbia impose tougher penalties for crimes based on political affiliation.
These form pleadings will be used at pro se clinics sponsored by ILS and the Pro Bono Committees throughout the state.
The tone of the amendment remains deferential to the states’ control of the electoral process, even for national office.
Although the constitution of today describes India as a secular State, religion still plays a vital part in everyday life — in its streets as well as in the architecture, sculpture, and painting of its great monuments.
The state could not condition the power of a newspaper to sell its paper on the willingness to sell its subscriber list, so why here?
Rooting ourselves in the past stands in sharp contrast to the preamble of the 1787 Constitution, which begins simply, without setting the context: “We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union.
These results support the contention that the cells were in a basal state, unaffected by the environment of the diseased knee from which they had been extracted.
It was recaptured from the Moors early in the Christian Reconquest campaign and, when Afonso Henriques declared himself the first king in 1139, the Minho became the independent state of Portucale (covering an area from the Douro to the River Minho).
While he was in the United States, William Dwight Whitney, America's preeminent orientalist, did all that he could to persuade Hall to remain at home, but he could not prevail.
Spouses and parents of permanent residents could only be in the United States, if at all, in temporary, nonimmigrant classification and therefore would not be residents of the United States.
The United States and other spacefaring nations are required by treaty to protect Mars and other non-earthly planetary systems from contamination by earthly microorganisms.
Al Qaeda also established cooperative but less formal relationships with other extremist groups from these same countries; from the African states of Chad, Mali, Niger, Nigeria, and Uganda; and from the Southeast Asian states of Burma, Thailand, Malaysia, and Indonesia.
Jamal Ahmed al Fadl, a Sudanese-born Arab, had spent time in the United States and had been recruited for the Afghan war through the Farouq mosque in Brooklyn.
Within the next several weeks, the Association of the Bar of the City of New York and the New York State Bar Association will issue a joint report, based largely on the findings of a three-year study by Kristin Booth Glen, a former State Supreme Court judge and dean of the City University of New York School of Law.
Critics reply that 1) he will be less of a nuisance to the Chinese government as an exile than as a prisoner; 2) in exchange for his expulsion and other concessions, the United States recently stopped sponsoring the U.N. resolution condemning China's human rights policies; and 3) the United States will further repay China by refusing to air Wang and other dissidents on U.S. government international broadcasts.
The Board of Directors of the Corporation is composed of 11 voting members who are appointed by the President of the United States with the advice and consent of the Senate.
The Post runs an AP dispatch revealing that a new biography of George Bush states that within days of naming Dan Quayle as his running mate in 1988, Bush wrote in his diary: "It was my decision, and I blew it, but I'm not about to say I blew it."
≈ In support of this proposition, the Vice President«s August 2 letter states that ƒpreservation of the ability of the executive branch to function effectively requires respecting the confidentiality of communications among a President, a Vice President, the President«s other senior advisers and others.
He said that Egypt, as an Arab state, enjoyed uneasy relations with Britain and the United States.
He's both inside and outside the action: He knows when to rock your world and when to induce a state of sorrowful detachment.
And right next to it there is another headline: 'Terrorist Groups Expanding Operations in the United States.
First, the state must find doctors willing to do the job.
The New York Times goes with the latest target of Senate and Justice Department investigators: the alleged Clinton-Gore use in 1996 of state parties as a vehicle for end-running legal spending limits.
Pursuant to section 801(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration (FDA), entitled "Over-the-Counter Human Drugs; Labeling Requirements" (RIN: 0910-AA79).
It concluded, "It is far better that the military regime drops its state of siege and deal with Ms Aung San Suu Kyi, who espouses non-violent principles, than let the situation fester."
Because cancer incidence is related to age, NYSDOH calculated the expected cancer incidence for each ZIP code using the ZIP code's age structure and the average incidence by age class for New York State.
The state established a Family Court system in 1990.
At the end of the cycle, the Carnot engine returns to the initial state with the piston raised and filled with hot compressed gas at the temperature of the hot reservoir.
"We will not be relying on the good will of a rogue state to allow inspectors onto its territory," the three leaders write.
[ 14 ] These public-use data files include information recorded on birth certificates from all 3,963,465 live births in 1999 and 4,063,823 live births in 2000 that occurred in the United States.
The following databases were used: Human UTR-DB (EBI) (version 13) [ 70]; Human Transcript Database (Baylor University) (version 1) [ 71]; GenBank CDS (NCBI) (only PRI mRNA sequences were used, version 119) [ 72]; HINT (Ohio State University) [ 73]; EST Assembly Project (University of Washington) [ 74]; TIGR Human Gene Index (version 4.5) [ 75]; dbEST (NCBI) (version 119) [ 76]; MINT and RINT (Ohio State University) [ 73]; EMBL Rodent (EMBL) (version 63) [ 77]; SWISS-PROT (EMBL) (version 39) [ 78]; TrEMBL (EMBL) (version 14) [ 78]; PIR (MIPS-JIPID) (version 65) [ 79]; and Pfam (Sanger Centre) (version 5.4) [ 80].
The first Conference, attended by 180 people, in January 2000 included presentations from bar leaders from Michigan and New Mexico who reported on those states' progress in state planning, an update on state planning in Indiana and breakout sessions addressing technology, resource development, pro bono and pro se.
New quarters, with George Washington on the front and a state design on the back, are being released every 10 weeks in the order that the states ratified the Constitution (click here for the release dates).
Granted, some locations are state regulated, but for those of us who are privately operated, the idea of someone being allowed to compete with us for free is insulting.
State Department has warned that its embassy in Malaysia (along with those in other countries) is under threat.
The responsibility of the American nation should run to all members of the nation, defined in the Fourteenth Amendment as all those naturalized or born on the soil of the United States and subject to its legal jurisdiction.
He now must convince the United States to accept a powerful United Nations--and to pay the $1 billion it owes the organization.
Witness Japan's testy response, on Dec. 7, 1941, to the United States cutting off oil exports.
According to the inspector, the state's concern wasn't the condemned: The guards were worried that if the chair broke apart during an electrocution, the thick, black, high-voltage wires screwed to the inmate might rip loose and electrocute everybody in the room.
Monday was a day on which the European pundits who hadn't yet managed to get their hands on the story rushed to have their belated say, many of them posing as Old World sophisticates bewildered by the simple-minded puritanism of the United States.
Nor did Hitler try to abolish capitalism, as Lukacs suggests, although, like his adversary Roosevelt, he did expand state supervision of private industry.
We understand the contention that every state and city needs to have some minimum infrastructure for emergency response.
Intuitively, slightly convergent flow in state space allows classification, for when two states converge on a single successor state, those two states have been classified as “equivalent” by the network.
She hardly needs to mention it--the media bring it up anyway--but she invokes it subtly, alluding (as she did on two Sunday talk shows) to "women who drive their daughters halfway across the state to shake my hand, a woman they dare to believe in."
Here the Hamming distance is , since gene is in state and in state . In addition, we can define the normalized Hamming distance, Dt, between these two initial states at time t as the fraction of binary variables by which they dier.
With the hiring of new state planning team members as well as the additions of Matilde Lacayo and Monica Holman to OPP Main and Joyce Raby in Technology, there is now an OPP Main team member and a state planning team member assigned to every state and territory.
He was a wonderful "diplomat" between China and the United States.
On Friday, December 4, 1998, the CIA included an article in the Presidential Daily Brief describing intelligence, received from a friendly government, about a threatened hijacking in the United States.
In the present example, three state cycles exist in the state space.
A state may, for example, make enforceable laws governing tribes if Congress delegates authority to that state.
But in the Pan-Arab al-Hayat Tuesday there were two articles predicting that the United States will adopt a much more aggressive Middle East policy after Kosovo.
(He is probably better known in Europe than in the United States.)
31 Voluntary compliance measures and agreements in the United States, outside of collective bargaining, have thus far had a history of short-term viability and limited effectiveness.
Such an approach will benefit the power generation industry, the economy, and the states, while improving public health and the environment.
QIOs in the six pilot states offered educational workshops about the Quality Measures to all nursing homes in each state.
Looked at another way, during the 40 years of the Cold War, Brookings Institution defense experts calculate, the United States spent about $320 billion a year on defense, measured in today's dollars.
The researchers, who hail from Australia, Britain, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, and the United States, discovered that Chromosome 22 contains 33.
Today, Rubell is dead of AIDS, and Schrager owns the half-dozen most chic hotels in the United States.
The piece states this stance could set off a rift within Democratic ranks.
Source: GAO analysis based on information provided in Analytical Perspectives, Budget of the United States Government, Fiscal Year 2002.
He might try to undo the ban on direct corporate and labor contributions that has been in effect since 1907 or undo soft-money restrictions by leaving state committees free to dabble in federal races.
Soon after the independence treaty between Great Britain and the United States had been signed in 1784, Noah Webster, then in his mid-twenties, issued his book, Grammatical Institute of the English Language.
Some states have developed key justice community institutions whose significant improvements in the structure of civil legal assistance in their state position them to make real changes for clients.
A chronic teacher shortage has led some states to consider ways to help teaching-educa-tion students pay off college debts.
Although cultural activity has been under state control since the revolution and Havana no longer sizzles with the sleazy Mafia-funded casinos and clubs of the 1950s, both high culture and more down-to-earth nightlife thrive in Cuba.
As the textile industry moved south to the Piedmont states, it drew on a rural and small community workforce, largely made up of native whites.
The American Inns of Court is a national legal association composed of more than 24,000 federal, state and local judges, lawyers, law professors and law students.
Since September 11, the United States has built the first phase of a biometric screening program, called US VISIT (the United States Visitor and Immigrant Status Indicator Technology program).
From the perspective of a mayor or state legislator it sounds like a public-relations debacle: The sight of federal agents cuffing some beloved Marcus Welby for recommending a marijuana cigarette for kindly Uncle Sebastian suffering from AIDS will not go over well with voters.
And as noted before, according to transition state theory a catalytic task corresponds to a catalyst binding the distorted, hence high-energy, molecular configuration corresponding to the transition state of a reaction with high aYnity and binding the substrate and product states with, in general, lower aYnity.
The United States will be "forced to make drastic cuts in energy," the spot says, while these other countries do nothing.
Cells present in the persistent state have been detected in vivo, for example, in the synovial membranes of patients with Chlamydia-associated reactive arthritis [ 8].
For readers who want to check out their skills in applying different types of purposive selection, appendix II gives information for a job involving the 50 states (a fairly common situation for GAO), a form for indicating which you would select for each of the seven kinds of purposive selection, and our answers, for comparison against yours.
Then we can compare Dt and D(t + ) and ask if the initial distance at time T decreased or increased at time T + . In the current case, the initial distance increased from . to . at the next moment, T + . In short, the two initially nearby states, diering in the activity of a single gene, spread further apart one moment later.
Therefore, it is usually more cost effective to culture the organisms in the laboratory or obtain them from private, state, or Federal sources.
4 million in annual state funding for civil legal services - nearly half of the state's yearly contribution to legal services programs statewide.
In Israel, Ha'aretz led Wednesday with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's decision to postpone the declaration of a Palestinian state.
In particular, the differentiation must be made between the quantity of different types of water consumed in the United States and that consumed in other, less developed countries.
Thomas Jones' History of New York during The Revolutionary War states that “The Act of Attainder.
In the preamble, HUD states that no further review is necessary.
Working-level counterterrorism officials at the State Department and the Pentagon stayed on, as is typically the case.
With the help of student loans, young Rick attended Penn State, then got an MBA from the University of Pittsburgh and a law degree from Dickinson.
The United States can promote moderation, but cannot ensure its ascendancy.
"When you think about it, the most interesting part of this flapdoodle over the state of the union at Gracie Mansion is what it tells us about Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani's frenetic work habits," Haberman wrote, implausibly.
A retired CIA official and Army officer, Sorley posits a new theory on the Vietnam War: The United States won, but the military victory was immediately undercut by diplomatic backtracking and congressional cowardice.
The story (reported and broadcast by CNN, with a version published in Time ) contained two hot allegations: that the United States used fatal nerve gas (sarin) on a village in Laos during the Vietnam War and that the purpose was to kill a large number of American defectors.
Le Monde said the United States was isolated on bananas and had managed to unite the whole of Europe against it by "maladroitly" including Scottish cashmere among the European products it has chosen to penalize.
"Dear New York State Registered Voter, As first lady ..."
to the public Acts, Records, and judicial Proceedings of every other state."
The settlement was negotiated with a group of state attorneys general who were already suing or planning to sue the tobacco companies to recoup Medicaid costs for the treatment of dying smokers.
Here the Hamming distance is , since gene is in state and in state . In addition, we can define the normalized Hamming distance, Dt, between these two initial states at time t as the fraction of binary variables by which they dier.
Hillary's Underwear and Other Matters of State
The Coalition's jointly-funded State Support Center continues to coordinate training and support functions.
In La Stampa of Turin, Boris Biancheri, an Italian ex-ambassador to both the United States and Britain, accused the United States of "giving world public opinion the impression that the showdown with Iraq reflected not so much respect for U.N. resolutions as a wish to end a match with Saddam Hussein that had been left unfinished by Operation Desert Storm."
KSM states that several of the 9/11 muscle hijackers faced problems traveling to Chechnya and so went to Afghanistan, where they were drawn into al Qaeda.
The state is a poor bellwether, because it is disproportionately old, white, rural, and conservative.
Florida State is seeded 1 st , and Virginia Tech is 2 nd , in all major rankings.
Thus, the acidic residue in the loop between the PRC could act as a regulator of the electrostatic state of the reaction complex to potentiate electron transfer.
State Department official flossed at the table after dinner in a restaurant.
At the heart of the peninsula, the huge Taman Negara gives you the most comprehensive view of the country’s animals and plants in their wild state.
In its jolly, well-restored state, only one of the market stalls dates as far back as 1867, but the market retains much of its 19th-century atmosphere.
Is the United States really prepared to go to war to defend the Czech Republic?
In the West, 13 states passed new laws against interracial marriage, many of them targeting white-Asian unions along with white-black ones.
Russia has reason to invade Chechnya: The rebellious province has been agitating to form a separate, antagonistic Muslim state.
EPA states that it has taken into consideration the potential competitive impact on these firms and has eased the burden by permitting averaging emissions across product lines, reduced production line testing, reduced in-use testing, simplified certification procedures and allowing manufacturers to purchase emission credits from the market place as an alternative to employing control technologies to meet the standard.
The date of Rotcod's nativity was September 3, 1939--9/3/39, an arrangement of figures that read the same left to right and right to left--in Danbury, New Hampshire, the only area of the state with a self-reflecting zip code--03230.
Pursuant to section 801(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), entitled "Service and Auction Rules for the 38.
But if the United States doesn't join the treaty, these same manufacturers lose sales to nations that do join.
The Washington Post goes with a State Department internal audit showing rampant lax security.
The Forbes campaign claims that more than 160 stations in 45 states "carry" this commentary.
- (1) By January 1, 2006, the Administrator shall promulgate 31 regulations determining the allocation of nitrogen oxides allowances for each year during 2008 through 32 2058 for units at a facility in a Zone 1 State that are affected EGUs as of December 31, 2004.
But for the last several years it has often done that job poorly, according to state and federal officials.
By randomizing across all of New York State, the NYSDOH study assumed cancer risk to be equal across New York State and that, for example, risk on Long Island is the same as risk in the Adirondacks.
Morris says the real profligacy was Ickes' insistence on keeping large staffs in key states long after the danger of a primary threat to Clinton had evaporated.
It is estimated that by 1947 nearly 220,000 braceros had worked in the United States under this program.
Some states have used a thorough client needs study or report as a basis for their planning efforts.
Polls taken in Islamic countries after 9/11 suggested that many or most people thought the United States was doing the right thing in its fight against terrorism; few people saw popular support for al Qaeda; half of those surveyed said that ordinary people had a favorable view of the United States.
Hospitals in other states were quick to complain that they had not been offered the same opportunity for sacrifice to the cause of medical progress.
The rationale behind this "shock therapy ": If liberals didn't quickly destroy the Soviet state, Communist Party bosses spouting populist rhetoric would retake power.
Or, as Washington, D.C., criminal lawyer Robert Luskin puts it, "You just don't play a game of chicken like that with the president of the United States."
Yet, blinded by his negative passions about state power in France, Tocqueville failed to grasp what his observations meant about the early American state.
The Honorable Larry Pressler Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation United States Senate
He thought the operation might appeal to Bin Ladin, who had a long record of denouncing the United States.
United States, 505 U. S. 144, 186 (1992).
Because data used for the regression model came from multiple sources, comprehensive year-by-year figures from 1994 through 1999 were available for all factors in the model only at the state level.
Given the nationalist background of our sentiments of equality, one could readily have formulated the clause: “No state shall deny to any American citizen within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.”
The new defense guidelines, announced formally in New York by Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, Defense Secretary William S. Cohen and their Japanese counterparts, mean that Japan would, for the first time since the Pacific war, engage in military activities outside its borders in conflicts involving the U.S.
The paper says the Commerce Dept. approved of the sale, but that State and Defense opposed it on the grounds that the technology involved could result in making China's ICBMs more accurate.
The IT strategic plan also incorporates stakeholder involvement by including perspectives by state agency executives, legislators, educators, and other stakeholders on the use of the state«s IT resources.
Since the state stepped up its campaign against banditry, the agency has been burying an average of three such bodies a week, the newspaper said.
105 Binalshibh proved unable to obtain a visa, a victim of the generalized suspicion that visa applicants from Yemen-especially young men applying in another country (Binalshibh first applied in Berlin)-might join the ranks of undocumented aliens seeking work in the United States.
A United States General Accounting Office Washington, D.C. 20548
As described above, all the possible states of this N system of particles can be divided into very small volumes of states, which we will call microstates.
He had left the United States in June 2000, a mistake KSM realized could endanger the entire plan-for to continue with the operation, Mihdhar would have to travel to the United States again.
Were these restrictions on the butchering trade an “involuntary servitude” as prohibited by the Thirteenth Amendment, or were they a violation of the “privileges and immunities” of citizenship, either state or federal, or an infringement against the state’s duty to accord all persons subject to its power both due process of law and the equal protection of the laws?
We have been the direct beneficiaries of private as well as state support of our university.
Sequences most likely to be misrepresented in the ancestor by this reconstruction are phage genes or insertion elements, which may move in and out of genomes too frequently for ancestral states to be reconstructed using parsimony.
Here's the story: Japan, like the United States only much more so, is an aging society.
According to the North American Association of State and Provincial Lotteries, the average American in a state with a lottery spends about $150 per year on the lottery.
Two others, Wadi al Hage and Mubarak Douri, who had become acquainted in Tucson, Arizona, in the late 1980s, went as far afield as China, Malaysia, the Philippines, and the former Soviet states of Ukraine and Belarus.
Also included in the plan is information from the state«s biennial IT performance report.
The LSC as petitioner is joined by the Government of the United States, which had intervened in the District Court.
That's the current state of congressional deliberation--challenging a 70-plus priest to a duke-out.
They accuse creationists of violating "the wall of church and state" by imposing "a religious theory" on "the secular educational system."
Most judges "have been making clear to the batterers that the issue is between the state courts and them," Ms.
The complete OTH model, a pair hidden Markov model, is diagrammed in Figure 5. The flanking double-circled states F 
2) Differences in states' allotments and changing state welfare enrollments may feed new political clashes (Wisconsin got about six times more money last year than Illinois).
The Department received comments from 27 State and local welfare agencies, State child support enforcement agencies, and State employers.
The Kurds of what is now Turkey were promised a state after World War I, but Kemal Atatürk annexed them.
The "present in the United States" requirement applies to both the unrestricted categories and to H-2A workers.
These results are published in the State«s Biennial IT Performance Report and are used to benchmark the state«s information management services.
The New York Times leads with initial government data showing that most states are in compliance with the 1996 welfare reform requirement that 25 percent of recipients hold jobs or actively prepare to do so.
Quoting "sources in Washington," the Independent 's Jerusalem correspondent, Patrick Cockburn, said planners considered this the optimum date for attack, because by then 1) the United States would have three carriers in the Gulf and 2) the United States and Britain would be able to say they had given ample time for diplomatic moves by Russia and France to bear fruit.
These data must be submitted to the permitting authority (State or Region) if required.
Women and minorities appear to be benefiting from greater employment opportunities in the United States, but discrimination remains a significant problem, according to a study to be released today by two professors at the Rutgers School of Law in Newark.
I think the reason "there you go" has no such unpleasant connotations is that it describes, in the retail context, the state in which the customer finds him- or herself after successful completion of the purchase.
The first nine volumes cover New England, Northeastern States, Southeast, South Central States, Southwestern States, Great Lakes States, Plains States, Mountain States , and Pacific ; the additional two volumes index all 1.5 million entries alphabetically and offer appendices with additional indexes.
The Golden State is a paradise for outdoor activities, but we start with what must be California’s favorite.
"They're taking something that's about as likely to happen as a meteorite falling on your head and telling everybody that it could happen any time," said Dr. Merlin D. Tuttle, about those worry warts at the New York State Health Department.
David M. Walker Comptroller General of the United States
A Harvard professor attacks the United States' condescending attitude toward India's recent nuclear tests.
States will come begging.
"Nothing strikes a European traveler in the United States more," wrote Tocqueville, "than the absence of what we would call government or administration.
The C598T DMN mutation is a good candidate to be a modifier for muscular and/or cardiac phenotypes, considering: (i) the frequency of the mutation in the normal population in the heterozygous as well as homozygous state; and (ii) the key role of desmuslin in connecting the Z-discs to the extracellular matrix.
II 1996), and is defined in the statute as "the status of having been lawfully accorded the privilege of residing permanently in the United States as an immigrant in accordance with the immigration laws."
[ 6 ] , who had counts of all surgeries performed in New York State.
He has assailed the corrupt, authoritarian regimes that rule most of the Arab world, punctured the ideological phantasms of Pan-Arabist nationalism and reactionary Islam alike, and bemoaned the impoverished state of Arab cultural and intellectual life.
Although the etiologies and pathologies of RA and OA differ, it is clear that in both of these diseases pro-inflammatory cytokines are present, resulting in an inflammatory state as well as cartilage degradation [ 14 ] . As further evidence for the role of pro-inflammatory cytokines in RA, anti-tumor necrosis factor-α (anti-TNF-α) and anti-interleukin 1 (anti-IL-1) therapies can reduce inflammation and retard the progression of disease as assessed radiographically [ 15 16 ] . However, side-effects with these approaches, such as the development of lymphomas in patients using anti-TNF-α therapies, demonstrate that alternative therapies are needed [ 17 ] .
CONDITION -The physical state of an asset.
We still encounter similar impossibilities with amusing regularity in our adult lives, along with their exact opposites--signs which more than state the obvious, such as Ears pierced while you wait.
In our simulations, we make the simplifying assumption that the combined saving rate of the household, business, and state and local government sectors will remain constant throughout the simulation period at 16.
The state and local gateway was designed to give state and local government officials and employees easy access to federal information, and includes a link to a "Laws/Regulations" page that organizes the information by topic (e.g.
By law, H-2A workers must leave the country at the end of their contract period and most such workers are in the United States for only two to five months.
Disputing Shara's statement that a peace agreement would mean "the end of a history of wars and conflicts," it noted that he failed to say a word about the future of Jerusalem and the Palestinians, and it added: "An end to the state of war between Arab governments and Israel does not mean an end to the state of war between the Arab people and the Jewish state.
The musician who first set this pace was the ex-Nazi Herbert von Karajan, who in the late 1950s was simultaneously principal conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic, the Vienna State Opera, and the Salzburg festival.
The USAT lead states that the judge in the CIA murders trial has ordered the jury sequestered while it completes the case's penalty phase.
As noted above, the requirement of "presence" is frequently used in immigration laws to describe categories of aliens within the United States who may not have established "residence."
The USAT lead is based on a State Department list, obtained by the paper, of banned Russian organizations, from universities to intelligence agencies.
They cannot be used to sue the state or any agencies or subdivisions of the state, nor any colleges or universities.
The Los Angeles Times leads with another in its series of important stories about the abuse of inmates in the California state prison system--this one reporting an investigative panel's conclusion that two dozen fatal or serious inmate shootings at the state's most notorious prison were not justified.
A story bemoans the success of the Gap and Pottery Barn, saying they have afflicted the United States with an excess of bland good taste.
shall consider, among other relevant factors, emissionsreductions required to occur by the attainment date or dates of any relevant non-attainment areas in the other State or States; and
The other puzzle is the incoherence of Clinton's critics, punctuated by DeLay's bizarre complaint that Clinton has 1) "hollowed out our forces while he's running around having these adventures all over the world"; and 2) fallen short of "victory" in Kosovo by using "excessive rhetoric supported by underwhelming force" in a conflict involving "no strategic interest of the United States."
Reform Party leaders will validate candidates based on their progress toward getting on the state ballots.
That question is especially pertinent here in the United States, because the combination of a booming stock market at home and the privatization of state-owned enterprises abroad has meant a dramatic upsurge in the number of foreign companies whose shares are listed on U.S. exchanges.
(And it is doubly hypocritical for Republicans, who claim to believe in less government and in state government, to be clotting the federal statute books with laws that mess in areas of state concern.)
Area of Inquiry--Does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the ability of legal services providers to coordinate their efforts to expand client access to the courts, enhance self-help opportunities for low-income persons, and provide effective, culturally relevant, systematic and comprehensive outreach and preventive legal education and advice to the client-eligible population in the state?
The Nature Conservancy's Indiana Chapter follows a clear course to protect our state, and we depend on your contributions to make it happen.
That amount hardly offset enormous cuts, beginning in 1996, by Congress to Legal Services Corp., the chief funding source for state legal-aid agencies.
The U.S. government harshly condemns Canada's Cuban investments, and several large Canadian firms with U.S. ties have stayed out of Cuba for fear of reprisals from the United States.
The demands for protection would not abate because for the U.S. industry competing against imports, it doesn't matter how the clothing was produced . When the U.S. consumer is offered cheaper shirts from abroad, the United States loses the same number of shirt-making jobs regardless of whether the shirts were produced by workers making 30 cents an hour or $30 an hour.
According to KSM, the Hamburg cell members each received $5,000 to pay for their return to Germany from Afghanistan after they had been selected to join the plot, and they received additional funds for travel from Germany to the United States.
for a unit serving a generator before the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of2002, a coal-fired unit in a State serving a generator with a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 megawatts that produced or produces electricity for sale during 2001 or any year thereafter, except for a cogeneration unit that produced or produces electricity for sale equal to less than one-third of the potential electrical output of the generator that it served or serves during 2001 and each year thereafter; and
Art exhibits in the United States have shown retablos ex-votos that depict the treacherous experience of immigrating to the United States.
Case Illustration: United States Customs Service
Quoting "sources in Washington," the Independent 's Jerusalem correspondent, Patrick Cockburn, said planners considered this the optimum date for attack, because by then 1) the United States would have three carriers in the Gulf and 2) the United States and Britain would be able to say they had given ample time for diplomatic moves by Russia and France to bear fruit.
Among the stakeholders of federal agencies are Congress and the administration, state and local governments, third-party service providers, interest groups, agency employees, and, of course, the American public.
14Milka S. Kirova and Robert E. Lipsey, "Does the United States Invest 'Too Little'?"
The construction permit process requires that the facility prepare and submit the permit application to the applicable State or local regulatory agency.
The Senate rejected the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty , thereby decapitating nuclear-arms control and sending Iraq, Iran, and North Korea the message that the United States won't raise a big stink if they try to join India and Pakistan.
In March 2000, Atta emailed 31 different U.S. flight schools on behalf of a small group of men from various Arab countries studying in Germany who, while lacking prior training, were interested in learning to fly in the United States.
A sixteenth-century French architect, Philibert de l’Orme, invented a French order; Edwin Lutyens devised an order based on Mughal precedents for the Viceroy’s House in New Delhi; more recently, Allan Greenberg created an order for the offices of the Secretary of State that incorporated the Great Seal of the United States.
The kid in the state of perpetual rage, he'd probably wind up on a whaler."
It identifies some lessons gleaned from these achievements, describes the growth in selected states toward building a justice community capable of responding to the full range of civil legal needs of low-income people (Part II), and identifies some lessons that have emerged from successful or promising planning processes, as well as the particular structures and strategies that these states have employed (Part III).
She promoted diversity in speeches she was invited to give to partner organizations - the combined Conference of State Court Judges and Conference of State Court Administrators, the International Legal Aid Group and through the Ontario (Canada) Legal Aid Speakers Series.
Antibody molecules binding to this transition state analogue are tested.
The National Conference of Insurance Legislators (NCOIL), an organization of state legislators whose main area of public policy concern is insurance legislation and regulation, recently passed a resolution asking states to repeal the UPPL.
The original body of the Constitution prescribes that every state must respect the privileges and immunities of citizens of other states;24 the Fourteenth Amendment extends the same duty of recognition to the privileges and immunities of national citizenship.
Therefore, state agencies, with the help of the State Auditor's Office, reevaluated and redesigned agency internal controls to meet both external financial reporting and performance management control objectives.
Best Case Three states have missing returns (unfiled) rates of less than 1 percent.
On Monday, the Sydney Morning Herald reported that the Buckingham Palace Web site had quietly changed its description of the queen's constitutional position in Australia from "head of state" to "sovereign."
But he said the United States "must take further action to remove all the severe negative effects of the bombing" and must "stop its arms sales to Taiwan, and refrain from creating new obstacles on the question of Taiwan."
For the IUPUI University Libraries to have collections, access, and services which meet your expectations requires friends and partners both inside the University and throughout the community, state and nation.
"You tell the State Department what goes on in the Soviet Union," the man continued.
Screening mammography has been linked previously to breast cancer incidence increases in the United States, most notably the 4% annual increase after its widespread adoption in the 1980s [ 27 ] . In the state of Hawaii, mammography utilization accounted for 23% of the geographic variation in overall breast cancer incidence in 1992-1993 and for 36% of the variation among women aged 50-64 years [ 28 ] .
Newt Gingrich for one foresees no psychic solace: he tells the NYT that Clinton's trip is "imprudent" considering Russia's current state.
If it's any consolation to Emmons, Hammerstein's very last lyric, "Edelweiss" from The Sound of Music , is invariably assumed to be a real Austrian folk song--indeed, a few years back, the White House went further, playing it at a state banquet for the Austrian president, under the impression that it was the country's national anthem.
Housing matters similarly may require a minimum of one month to resolve informally, and as long as eighteen months for an unlawful eviction action in state court, or three years relating to a claim for public housing eligibility.
For a review of the state of wordplay before the Pakistani tests, click .
Welfare law has long been loaded with requirements that states must cut fraud on the rolls, move recipients into jobs, provide necessary service, blah, blah, blah.
Each state plan must be viewed based on the totality of the circumstances, with the bottom-line consideration turning on LSC's studied determination as to whether a given service area configuration inures to the benefit of the greatest number of clients in the most cost-effective way.
In response to the governor«s initiative to expand the state«s IT workforce, proposals were made for a program to recruit and fund college and university students willing to study technology management as a prelude to becoming part of the state government«s labor force.
Also, Saddam is taking advantage of the current Arab backlash against the United States , sparked by the latter's failure to broker a peace settlement with Israel.
AUTHORITY OF THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE TO INTRODUCE NEW PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND TO ENTER INTO RATE AND SERVICE AGREEMENTS WITH INDIVIDUAL CUSTOMERS OR GROUPS OF CUSTOMERS
In concert with the West Virginia State Bar, the Symposium will launch a permanent Pro Bono Review Committee to facilitate the provision of services by volunteer lawyers.
Miscellany: NATO formally admitted Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic . The United States successfully pressured its allies to postpone a similar decision on Romania and Slovenia until 1999.
EPA has determined that this rule contains a federal mandate that may result in expenditures of $100 million or more for state, local, and tribal governments, or the private sector in only its first year.
And Sections 2, 3, and 4 of the amendment contain time-specific provisions designed to penalize the disloyal states and rebel soldiers and officials.
The New York Times reported that this decision overrode State's wishes and benefited, among others, the Chinese government official who subsequently funneled large contributions to the Democratic Party.
Justice Field thought, correctly in my view, that the notion of United States citizenship was akin to being the member of a legal order higher than the states, a legal order to which the states themselves owed a duty to treat citizens of their own state no worse than the citizens of other states in the United States.
Model legislation forms a uniform basis from which all states can deal with regulatory issues.
Jim Hodges asked the NAACP to drop the boycott on the condition that he push for a bill designating Martin Luther King Jr.'s birthday as a state holiday.
"With their respective states' lethal injection machine."
In the United States in 1996, big organizations funded the general election sites that everyone used--ABC, the Washington Post , and the National Journal fathered PoliticsNow, and Time and CNN sired AllPolitics -- and most major papers and TV channels, notably the new MSNBC, had election pages.
In making a determination as to whether the configuration of LSC-funded providers set out in the state plan will maximize the effective and economical delivery of high quality legal services to eligible clients throughout the state within a comprehensive, integrated delivery system, both in the present and in the future, LSC will review the strategies outlined in the state plan against the following standards:
Initially, just after release from some random initial state, most genes are twinkling, hence green.
The NYT piece on the day keeps it light, but the WP story keeps hitting current geopolitics, mentioning that as the ceremonies were unfolding, "Saddam Hussein was again thumbing his nose at the United States," and quoting Clinton's reference from the podium to "the vigilance President Bush displayed in dealing with Iraq, [which] as we all know, is required again today."
[From the South Dakota State College Eastern . Submitted by ] 
At a press conference on Wednesday, a State Department spokesman said the story was misleading.
According to the Commission, the purpose of the above actions is to make the mass market for two-way switched voice mobile services more competitive while that market is in a transitional state as well as to encourage new entrants into the market by allowing them to resell their competitors' services while they build out their networks.
The head of Client Centered Legal Services in the westernmost part of the state opposed the merger, but the Southwest Virginia group eventually hired nine former employees of that agency and opened a new office in the coalfields.
The OTH model requires us to specify emission probabilities for the state XY (that emits two aligned nucleotides), and also for the X and Y states (that emit one nucleotide "aligned" to a gap character in the other sequence).
Historically, most States' strategies to attain the SO2 and PM NAAQS included power plant controls.
Currently, current forty plus states have fish advisories; that number would be reduced.
Table comparing means for measures of birth size by maternal fish consumption and gestational age of infants, New York State Angler Cohort Study, 1986 = 1991
Later in this story, we will learn that while the NSA had the technical capability to report on communications with suspected terrorist facilities in the Middle East, the NSA did not seek FISA Court warrants to collect communications between individuals in the United States and foreign countries, because it believed that this was an FBI role.
Bernie Sanders have no choice but to run in the Republican primary, since Sanders has co-opted the state's Democratic Party.
2) Using state money for religious schools is unconstitutional.
Furthermore, according to CMS's own data, 52% of nursing homes in the six pilot states requested technical assistance on quality improvement from the QIOs, and most nursing homes in these six states (88%) had heard of the Nursing Home Quality Initiative to publicly report quality of care information [ 6 ] .
The Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act of 1990 and the Government Management Reform Act of 1994 authorize GAO to audit agencies' financial statements and annually audit the consolidated financial statements of the United States.
The Los Angeles Times leads with a local story: A study shows that California's high-tech boom is disproportionately benefiting the rich and, consequently, widening the state's income gap.
The square now hosts National Day state parades.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu came to the United States to plead for Jewish unity.
Alternatively, it may depend on the prevention ("stop effect") or allowance/stimulation of differentiation of cells into the suicidal state (apoptosis) by mesenchymal cells in a given epithelium [ 10].
These, companion initiatives and the hardworking and talented staff who carry out these initiatives, work hand-in-glove with the equally well-qualified state planning team to promote the development of high quality, world-class delivery systems.
A covariance model has seven types of states and production rules (Table 1).
Before national implementation of the Nursing Home Quality Initiative in November 2002, CMS conducted a pilot in six states: Colorado, Florida, Maryland, Ohio, Rhode Island, and Washington.
law enforcement officials throughout the United States and Canada rely on
The Lawyers Trust Fund helps underwrite operations at 34 legal agencies throughout the state, including the Legal Assistance Foundation of Metropolitan Chicago, Land of Lincoln Legal Assistance Foundation Inc., based in Springfield, and Prairie State Legal Services, based in Rockford.
Opponents of the bombing depict the United States as the aggressor and protest that we shouldn't intervene unless provoked.
LSNJ originally proposed a state plan that would leave the Passaic area separate because of its size and problems that made it an undesirable merger partner.
There is no intergovernmental mandate because the OSHA standards do not apply to state and local governments, except in states that have voluntarily elected to adopt an OSHA State Plan.
Since then, though, the heroes-in-the-gallery gambit has gotten completely out of hand, turning the State of the Union address into a version of the Grammys for people who can't sing.
The indictment--which falls short of federal money-laundering charges--accuses the Russian-born couple and their friend of operating three money-transfer businesses without a state license from 1996 until August, when the investigation became public and the BoNY fired Edwards.
Last year, an organization in Arkansas, Put God Back in Public School, decided not to press for the introduction of official school prayers in Arkansas (instead, they demanded state funding for special Christian schools).
What if the Hogwartians took a year to study abroad in, say, the United States?
The pre-9/11 draft presidential directive on al Qaeda evolved into a new directive, National Security Presidential Directive 9, now titled "Defeating the Terrorist Threat to the United States."
As you well know, the School of Nursing receives less than 30% of its operating funds from the state appropriations.
The United States negotiates with nations, trades with nations, issues sanctions against nations, and makes war on nations.
Folktales, jests, folk songs, corridos (ballads), and customs related to religious and secular holidays, foods, and other folk traditions found in contemporary California will have a lot in common with those found in other southwestern states and with Mexico.
In Argentina, the Buenos Aires Herald blamed the Arkansas schoolyard massacre on the proliferation of firearms in the United States and said in an editorial that Argentine citizens were also rapidly arming themselves as a reaction to a surging crime rate.
(B) For each year 2008 through 2058, if the Administrator has not promulgated the regulationsdetermining allocations under paragraph (a)(1), and has not promulgated the regulations under section 403(b) providing for the transfer of nitrogen oxides allowances and section 403(c) establishing the Allowance Tracking System for nitrogen oxides allowances, by July 1 that is eighteen months before January 1 of such year, then it shall be unlawful for any affected EGU in the Zone 1 States to emit nitrogen oxides during such year in excess of 0.14 lb/mmBtu.
After the United States hosted the 1994 World Cup, U.S. soccer impresario Alan Rothenberg recruited a bunch of tycoons to invest in a new pro league.
By contrast, Finkelstein adopts an ugly conspiratorial tone when he attributes the book's popularity in the United States to its Zionist message.
For example, Public Law 280 (1953) gave several states on reservations.
Despite some really impressive news on the inflation front--the Consumer Price Index rose a weaker-than-expected 0.1 percent and the Labor Department issued a study saying that states with the lowest unemployment rates showed no added inflationary pressure--interest rates just kept rising, touching 6.4 percent at one point on Thursday.
As this shield is experimentally removed through deletion of CSN subunits, Pcu3p may accumulate in the neddylated state.
This assessment stimulated and guided reform efforts that were initiated in December 1992 through a cooperative project among the AMoH, United States Agency for International Development (USAID), and CDC.
Breast cancer is a major cause of death among women in the United States and worldwide [ 1 ] . While cures are probable if the cancer is detected early and remains localized, many patients will succumb to the disease if the primary tumor metastasizes to secondary organs.
Wardropper states, “Pedro de Urdemalas is a shadowy, even elusive, figure in the oral tradition of Spanish folktales.
In the United States, however, it seems that virtue pays homage to vice.
Is paying for what we get really the essential us ? Listen instead to the subtext of the president's recent, acclaimed State of the Union message.
The most tangible evidence of this effort was the development of bar-sponsored pro bono programs in every state, in every sizable metropolitan area, and in many rural areas as well.
Katherine Beal Frazier, a tenured accounting professor who is married to Cold Mountain author Charles Frazier, has returned to North Carolina State University, where she was fired a year ago for "neglect of duty."
The media were soon placed under state control, promised elections were never held, and Committees for the Defense of the Revolution (CDRs) were established to keep tabs on dissenters.
In April 2001, just beyond the reporting period, LSC held a three-day conference in Hershey, Pennsylvania, entitled "Creating Client-Centered State Communities of Justice".
8 The controversial "Bracero" Program operated between 1942 and 1964 and permitted Mexicans to work temporarily in United States agriculture.
Of the 6 states with the highest immigrant populations (70% of the total immigrant population of the United States), California and Illinois were the only states that preserved Medicaid coverage for qualified immigrants through state-only funds [ 22 ] . Thirty-six states eliminated Medicaid coverage during the 5-year bar [ 7 31 ]
Its biweekly meetings provide a good opportunity for the CIO organization to build relationships with the state agencies and for agency representatives to get acquainted and learn about one another«s operations and data resources.
These laws vary by state.
It's totally unfair that Internet businesses can sell their wares without making customers pay state sales taxes, given that bricks-and-mortar stores are obliged to make their customers pay state sales taxes.
Area of Inquiry--Does the configuration of programs within the state operate to ensure within available resources that all components of the delivery system have sufficient resources and support to adjust to changes in client needs, staff or funding?
Because a patient's immigration status is not recorded concomitantly with hospital resource use in any hospital, state, or federal database, it is not currently possible to isolate charity care and bad debt expenditures on nonreimbursed services for patients whose eligibility for Medicaid has been changed by PRWORA.
Through the competition process, our work with state justice communities and with TIG funding, LSC helps grantees meet critical training needs.
- coupled with budget cuts of the same year - necessitated a thoroughreexamination of the efficacy of existing service area arrangements in each state.
The Times has made a big fuss about a New York state survey showing that "of the legions of people who came off the welfare rolls in New York City from July 1996 through March 1997, only 29 percent found full-time or part-time jobs" in the first full quarter after they left welfare.
Adolescence of any kind is risky territory for the "young adult" book writer, perhaps especially in the United States at the present time.
In 1996, in response to LSC's first program letter, the programs requested that the Illinois State Bar Association and the Chicago Bar Association join them in the planning process.
Beyond that (and a bunch of other eye-glazing rules and exceptions to exceptions that will keep federal regulation writers off the dole), states are basically free to offer whatever combination of cash and services they think is best.
physically present in the United States at some point.
But because it's at the Iowa State Fair, sponsored by the Midland Dairy Association, Republicans come instead to have their pictures taken with it.
Ten years ago Robert Reich, having seen the French Minitel experiment, warned that Europe would beat the United States to the next communication revolution--instead, U.S.
The senior John Adams was a leader in the American Revolution and wrote the influential tracts Thoughts on Government and Defence of the Constitutions of Government of the United States of America . He saw no reason his eldest son, born in 1767, shouldn't attain equal greatness.
For the 2 surveys, the United States male population 20 years and older was used, whereas in the VA, the number of eligible veteran users was employed.
It's his foolish marriage and adulterous affair, as exploited by an evil gossip columnist who goes on to become a United States senator.
Le Figaro of Paris fronted an interview with the new king of Jordan, Abdullah II, on the day he was beginning a state visit to France originally planned for his late father, King Hussein.
The tobacco/states talks broke up Wednesday, the WP reports, over the states' demands for an up-front payment of about $20 billion, twice the amount the companies offered in last year's negotiated settlement, left in limbo by the failure of the Congress to implement it.
In other states, the very development and implementation of such initiatives may require reconfiguration of organizational relationships and service areas.
As I was sworn in as a licensed attorney in the state of Iowa-which is a small rural farming state located in the midwestern part of our country-I optimistically and mistakenly believed that my "life in legal services" would be a short one.
Then small fluctuations of internal lactose concentration that cross the internal threshold separatrix concentration can cause the cell to jump from one to the other state of activity and remain in the other state for a relatively long time.
John Hellmann, a professor of English at Ohio State University, has little interest in the debate over Kennedy's character.
Despite this bleak picture, the state's civil justice community has taken significant steps to close the gap between need and services in the past five years:
A lengthy LAT front piece, the first in a three-part series, states that while restoring democracy and reforming politics and economics were top priorities during the last two decades in Latin America, the focus is now turning, necessarily, to eradicating police corruption.
The WP account states that in the run-up to last week's announcement of the talks, the U.S. engaged in much secret diplomacy, including a dozen phone calls between President Clinton and Syria's Hafez Assad.
Al Kamen's WP column states that, when Sen.
The paper says that medical boards in every state view the sites as illegal or at least not meeting accepted standards of medical care.
The question whether regulation of commerce is a state or national affair was supposed to have been settled in 1789.
Continuing efforts by the health plan through feedback loops has improved diagnostic coding [ 40 ] in Hawaii, but as documented for Medicare claims, problems remain [ 41 ] . As discussed above, our study sample of breast cancer patients does not represent the population of the state, excluding in particular Medicare and Medicaid recipients, members of a typical HMO, and the relatively small number of uninsured patients.
It will rebuke state lotteries for their deceptive marketing and will try to force them to post odds and stop targeting the poor.
The 9,000-year-old skeleton is evidence that Europeans arrived in the United States before Native Americans, who migrated from Asia.
An interpretation that legal services recipients can represent aliens only during the times that they are physically present in the United States would present LSC providers with two options.
Individuals, who are not commuter aliens because they live on the U.S. side of the border, travel between Mexico and the United States to shop or visit family members as a daily routine of life.
It included "State Planning Considerations" designed to address requests for additional information regarding statewide goals, capacities, and approaches recipients should consider in their state planning processes.
The danger became clear in 1831 when insurrection spread through Bologna, Modena, and Parma to the Papal States of central Italy.
In this fitness-crazy state you can run just about everywhere, best of all barefoot along the beach.
While it was distinctly a CIA entity, the FBI detailed officials to work at the Center and obtained leads that helped in the capture of persons wanted for trial in the United States.
This may reflect our use of a state fish license registry as the sampling framework for ascertaining anglers in the NYSACS.
Legal services also enjoys the longstanding, active support and engagement of the Maryland State Bar Association, as well as numerous local bar associations.
Since then, Reform Judaism has changed a lot; the Pennsylvania state Legislature, incidentally, has not.
It focuses to a considerable extent on weaknesses in the current state of knowledge.
Just as diVerent molecules can have the same shape, so too can diVerent reactions have similar transition states, hence constitute the “same” catalytic task.
The NYT has the State Department spokesman's official position: "I think the origin of the fighting is sufficiently murky so that we don't want to shoot arrows at one side or another today."
These included the calculation of aggregated case numbers and incidence and prevalence rates based on estimates of the population size provided by the state agency charged with gathering census data; limited stratification by person, time, and place; and the assessment of trends.
As the network approaches its state cycle, more and more genes turn red, hence are frozen on or frozen o.
The Israeli paper Ha'aretz says if the United States had struck against Iraq, it would have spelled disaster for President Clinton's visit to the Gaza Strip next month.
Just after that meeting, Morales announced he wouldn't sue, explaining in a prepared statement that "several officials of Texas' computer industry have expressed concerns that the filing of a lawsuit against Microsoft may negatively impact their companies as well as the consumers of the state."
He vows to end the embargo and warm up relations with the United States.
Last summer, when the U.S. attacked training camps associated with terrorist Osama bin Laden and government officials stressed that the incoming cruise missiles were not targeting bin Laden himself, Today's Papers wondered why, since bin Laden is not protected by this country's policy against assassinating heads of state, since he's not one.
Several European papers fronted the failure of the WTO's 135 member states to agree on a joint declaration to submit to the conference.
In one famous case, Inglis helped kill federal funding for a needed highway, requiring the state to build a toll road instead.
Sometimes, as in the case of the 19-year-old protagonist of Lucy , a Kincaid heroine gets so fed up that she moves to the United States (as Kincaid did, at 17)--but there she only finds more fuel for her anger in the pitying stares of unconsciously racist white liberals.
The New York Times leads with word that because most states are behind schedule in their attempts to eliminate Y2K problems from their computer systems, it's likely that some people receiving welfare and other anti-poverty benefits will have their payments and/or services interrupted.
"During the twentieth century the compound of nationalism with socialism has become the nearly universal practice for all states ...
Other members included Supreme Court Chief Justice Daniel Wathen, Supreme Court Justice (and former LSC Board Member) Howard Dana, the Presidents of the State Bar Association and the State Bar Foundation, a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and a representative each from the University of Maine School of Law and the Boards of Pine Tree Legal Assistance and Legal Services for the Elderly.
In addition to county fire, police, and sheriff 's departments, the response was assisted by the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority, Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport Fire Department, Fort Myer Fire Department, the Virginia State Police, the Virginia Department of Emergency Management, the FBI, FEMA, a National Medical ResponseTeam, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms, and numerous military personnel within the Military District of Washington.
It was also Carter who granted MFN trade status to China for the first time and invited Deng Xiaoping to visit the United States.
Efforts to solve the crystal structure of one of the metallo-β-lactamases with a bound substrate molecule have failed, most likely due to the high activity of the enzymes towards all β-lactam containing antibiotics [ 37 54 ] . Therefore, computational studies have been used extensively to study substrate binding, the role of the Zn(II) ions in catalysis, the protonation state of the active site, and inhibitor binding [ 37 42 55 56 57 58 59 ] . All of the substrate binding models have made assumptions before the substrate was docked into the active site [ 37 42 ] , and some of these assumptions have been shown to be invalid for certain substrates [ 43 ] . With L1, two key assumptions were made: (1) the bridging hydroxide functions as the nucleophile during catalysis and (2) Zn 1 coordinates the β-lactam carbonyl [ 37 ] . With these assumptions and after energy minimizations, Ser224 was predicted to hydrogen bond to the substrate carboxylate [ 37 ] , reminiscent of the role predicted for Lys224 in CcrA [ 42 ] . Ullah et al.
Building State Justice Communities: A State Planning Report from the Legal Services Corporation, issued in March 2001, highlights the state planning successes of 18 states in developing coordinated plans to increase resources and services to clients statewide.
New York State of Mind
These costs, which may include the costs of bringing the client back to the United States for hearings or depositions, must be advanced by the attorney.
McCain-Feingold also does not prohibit one state party from coordinating and directing contributions with others.
In the medium's heyday, the 1940s, the United States boasted more than 2,000 neon shops.
That is a funny story, but it should not have been told by a president of the United States, who should have realized that the historic relation between the federal government and the American Indians is no laughing matter.
The NYT especially emphasizes states' concerns about the current lack of knowledge about side effects, and reports that New York and Wisconsin say they will defy the Viagra directive.
14 So far, the net payments from the United States to foreign lenders have been small as a share of GDP, as shown in figure 3.3.
And, in fact, in children this is exactly the case--at young ages, certainly under age 6 in the United States, lower-income kids are less likely to be obese than higher-income kids.
the phenomena that were observed and state clearly
As communications director for the courts, Mr. Bookstaver ordinarily has the duty of spreading such news across the state.
As secretary of state in 1984, he named me to be a consultant on the economic problems of Israel.
The amendment does not say that the state may not create relationships of subordination or slavery.
In order to prepare effectively for the future, however, we must fully explore the major dynamic that will shape the United States and its place in the world and adequately prepare the federal government to meet the challenges that lie ahead.
by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection (c): "(c) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (d), promotional items an employee (including a justice or judge) receives as a consequence of using travel or transportation services procured by the United States or accepted pursuant to 31
But probably only in seagirt states do the insects go by the name buckeye flies.
The Telegraph also said that a special report on Taiwan that the Times had been due to publish Tuesday had been postponed until after Jiang's state visit.
The Wall Street Journal reports that during his Middle East shuttle, Secretary of Defense Cohen may ask some smaller Gulf states to take up to 60 U.S. fighter-bombers now based in Saudi Arabia.
Had the United States been able to begin anew, with judges educated in the values and vision of Gettysburg, with a new generation unaffected by old habits of thought, Lincoln’s prophecy at Gettysburg might have prevailed.
, entering the United States before August 22, 1996), states' decisions varied on whether to implement the 5-year bar on Medicaid eligibility for qualified immigrants after the enactment of PRWORA.
"If every lawyer in the state of Texas was doing pro bono work, then that still wouldn't be enough," he said.
4, along with previously published time traces at 600 nm [ 1 ] : the resting state (pR), M, N and O. The resting state, with an absorbance maximum of 546 nm (see above), provides the baseline spectrum for the difference time courses reported.
The really important blow against this state of affairs was not the Reagan tax cuts but rather Paul Volcker's interest-rate hikes, which ended double-digit inflation.
MP analyses were performed using the software PAUP* 4.0 [ 78 ] , assuming unordered character states and equal character state weighting.
Until the implementation of the State Planning Initiative, determining service areas in a given state was more a product of geographic and historical happenstance than a reasoned judgment about the precise configuration that would yield the best legal services system for the greatest number of clients.
But it’s the great plaster casts in their sometimes brutal original state that give the visitor a unique opportunity to see a representative sample of the monumental pieces that grace public squares and university quadrangles all over the world.
(This document was written by David M. Walker, CPA, Comptroller General of the United States, based on a speech he gave to the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants' leadership conference in November 2002)
Though practically unknown in the United States, the union is one of Europe's biggest stories, an important organization trying to establish itself as a sort of metagovernment for European states.
1 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-2 tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 3
Specifically, the senior executive in the Montana state office received data for his state showing that 81 percent of the grazing permit customers surveyed gave a favorable rating for the timeliness of permit processing and for service quality.
The principles and practices we developed based on our interviews with leading organizations in the private sector and state government have enabled us to construct a framework to guide federal CIO organizations.
In each case, the United States committed force and then withdrew after the situation became intolerable.
The Antichrist, in this reading, will be a world leader who strikes a peace deal with Israel, only to betray the Jewish state and make war on it, until Jesus comes to the rescue.
David "I Made Paula Jones Famous" Brock, who wants everyone to know that he deeply regrets single-handedly bringing down the president, isn't the only journalist to have reported the allegations of Arkansas state troopers who claim to have procured women for then-Gov. Clinton.
Indiana differs from many other states in that the Indiana planners have made considerable progress in the last few years beyond the reconfiguration of the LSC funded programs but, unlike other states, Indiana does not have a formal State Planning body.
With the hiring of new state planning team members as well as the additions of Matilde Lacayo and Monica Holman to OPP Main and Joyce Raby in Technology, there is now an OPP Main team member and a state planning team member assigned to every state and territory.
As established above, the minimum necessary dimensionality of the USM state space is set by the binary logarithm of the number of unique units.
One initiative involved establishing strategic direction, guidelines, and standards for instituting electronic commerce in the state government.
heebie-jeebies (1) Slang for a state of apprehension and fearfulness.
After record-breaking audiences for To Kill a Mockingbird, and opening our newly renovated Upperstage theatre with the critically-acclaimed Molly Sweeney, we just finished the run of A Christmas Carol, which was seen by a total of over 24,000 people, including nearly 9,000 school children from around the state.
Our approach would significantly reduce the state resources needed to conduct modeling, planning and regulatory activities to attain the standards.
The 4,100 member provincial police force, more a sort of regional FBI than state troopers, accepted the scathing criticism delivered by a public inquiry last month and will undertake sweeping reforms, reports Monique Beaudin in the Montreal Gazette . "We are taking this very seriously," said SQ chief Florent Gagné.
After two months as an independent entity, the state entered the new Confederacy, but because of its strategic significance, New Orleans became a high-priority target for the northern military forces.
The paper quotes a senior State Dept. official saying that if--as seems likely--Iraq chooses to end its cooperation with UN weapons inspectors, "it has literally chosen for sanctions in perpetuity."
LSC set a deadline of October 1, 1998, for submission of state planning reports.
Away from the scrutiny of the major media, state legislators, and McCain, kids are still learning mixed martial-arts techniques, and small-time promoters are quietly staging events.
Some states argue that taxable nexus can be established if a vendor operates over an online or Internet service with substantial physical presence within the state.
It has become a Bay Area Christmas tradition to make the two-hour journey to the small mission town to experience the miracle of Guadalupe, although all Mexican American churches throughout the United States organize elaborate church ceremonies for December 12, the day of her appearance, so there are literally hundreds of celebrations one can choose from to commemorate the day.
The computer's version of this is a switching between two stable states (unstable mates), but of course any shuttling begets an element of instability, wobble, neitherone-thing-nor-the-other.
They were born, in almost all cases, of territories already possessed by the United States.
One result was two NSC-led interagency trips to Persian Gulf states in 1999 and 2000.
The Los Angeles Times and New York Times lead with (and the Wall Street Journal tops its front-page world-wide news box with) yesterday's wide-ranging law enforcement action on the trail of the Algerian terrorist group implicated in that bomb-smuggling arrest in Washington state two weeks ago, action that netted a number of arrests in different cities, including one of an Algerian living in Brooklyn who had recently traveled to Seattle.
The center also contacted the West Virginia State Police and asked whether any reports of a downed aircraft had been received.
' Dollar (United States and some other countries) derives from the German Thaler , a coin of the 16th century which was minted in silver from a mine in Joachimsthal.
There is no federal legislation to this effect so the result is that in states that have parity laws, many people are still not guaranteed comparable coverage for AOD treatment because their insurance plans are governed by federal law under the Employee's Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA).
And the United States and France, among other nations, urged Israel and Lebanon to halt the spread of violence along their border.
The limits of detection for the individual PCB congeners assessed and the percentage of nondetects for samples analyzed at both the Wisconsin State Laboratory of Hygiene and the Michigan Department of Community Health Laboratory are shown in tables 1and 2, respectively.
The Quill ruling protects sellers of tangible personal property from state taxation if their contacts within the state are limited to mail-order catalogs, telephone, or the Internet.
As is generally true for genetic screens, it is essential to study any identified promoters in their native state to understand the regulation of their expression.
The WP 's Bosnia story reports that former assistant secretary of state Richard C. Holbrooke, briefly back in government service for a four-day mission to the region, met with President Slobodan Milosevic of Yugoslavia yesterday and told him that the Clinton administration is prepared to arrest Bosnian Serb leader and wanted war criminal Radovan Karadzic "unless he takes himself out of circulation voluntarily."
Sulfates are a key factor in all areas of the United States, particularly in the East, where high humidity increases the light extinction efficiency of sulfates.
Statement of David M. Walker Comptroller General of the United States
Hearst Castle now forms the centerpiece of the Hearst San Simeon State Historical Monument, and is one of the most popular attractions in all California (guided tours only).
After it was discovered that Abdel Rahman, the Blind Sheikh, had come and gone almost at will, State initiated significant reforms to its watchlist and visa-processing policies.
The system starts at some single combination of 6N numbers, hence a single state in the phase space.
What that trade surplus actually reflects is Russia's sorry state, in which nervous businessmen and corrupt officials siphon off a large fraction of the country's foreign exchange earnings, parking it in safe havens abroad rather than making it available to pay for imports.
Net foreign investment in the United States might even decrease from the recent high rates if foreign investors find more attractive opportunities elsewhere.
In fact, it's because the state standards are riddled with loopholes.
Le Monde separately reported that, according to European officials, the United States is expected to lift its ban on imports of French Roquefort cheese, pâté de foie gras, and mustards at the World Trade Organization conference in Seattle at the end of next month.
The LAT lead states that economic normalization between the U.S. and Vietnam will result from the administration's decision, based on its view that Vietnam's emigration policies have improved considerably, to grant Vietnam a waiver from the Jackson-Vanik Amendment, which bars full economic relations with Communist countries that don't permit free emigration.
Indeed, KSM describes a grandiose original plan: a total of ten aircraft to be hijacked, nine of which would crash into targets on both coasts-they included those eventually hit on September 11 plus CIA and FBI headquarters, nuclear power plants, and the tallest buildings in California and the state of Washington.
Hong Kong's South China Morning Post also attacked the style of the election, saying "the vote was influenced by an assortment of electoral dirty tricks, involving money, rule-breaking and libelling Kremlin foes on state television," but said that "given their limited choices, the Russian people were suprisingly selective, backing those who may actually do something about the sorry state of their nation."
In it, Krugman states that during the week prior to my being offered the central bank presidency by President Cardoso, I "was negotiating with the government" and that meant I knew nothing bad was going to happen to Brazil.
The United States is the most religious of all the industrialized nations.
The Statewide Technology Committee is standardizing all systems, and a statewide technology plan for the state is set to be completed in early June.
Armitage said that the United States wanted Pakistan to take seven steps:
The Los Angeles Times goes with a local story on a national issue: The state assembly approved a ban on "unsafe" handguns, making California the second state to do so (after Massachusetts).
The plan was developed with input from representatives of the state government, the judiciary, the New Jersey State Bar Association, specialty bar associations, county bars, law schools, public interest legal organizations, and representatives of the major in-state funding sources, the State of New Jersey and the IOLTA Fund of the Bar of New Jersey.
The assertion of a triadic conception of government brought us into line with the middle European conception of freedom as the privilege that arises from living in a matrix of protective state regulations.
Medicare cuts alone will cost New York state hospitals $5 billion through 2002.
In response to GAO's finding that serious complaints of poor nursing home care frequently are not investigated for months, Maryland's legislature approved funding for a 57 percent increase in its surveyor staff, and the state agency revamped its processes to emphasize a faster review of serious complaints.
It has been speculated that these modified forms of autoantigens may have enhanced immunogenicity through exposure of immunocryptic epitopes that are not generated during antigen processing [ 21 23 37 43 ] . These epitopes could trigger autoimmune responses if presented to the immune system under proinflammatory conditions [ 44 ] , and they may be recognized as surface structures on cytoplasmic organelles that are released to the immune system in aberrant disease states.
Last year, Canada ran a $21 billion trade surplus with the United States.
Indeed, the paper points out high up that the overwhelmingly white state is hardly representative of the nation.
Its advocates must grapple with the ugly facts of racial segregation in the United States; of the latter's hardheaded if spasmodic support of its allies' futile efforts to cling to their colonial empires; and of the West's readiness to support loathsome regimes in the name of the greater cause.
Grantees were also asked to examine whether the existing program configuration was conducive to the most effective state delivery system.
4 Well-Timed Distraction: It's Tuesday, and when the State of the Union message comes on at 9:00 p.m., I eagerly give in when the kids plead from their beds to be allowed to come out and watch a little.
APHIS states that these estimates are dependent on both the amount of fresh pork imported and on consumer reaction to the Mexican pork products.
Why this has happened has less to do with Will than it does with the state of the newspaper column.
Near-unanimity on the verdict: Actor-director Kevin Costner's latest is "truly awful" (Stephen Holden, the New York Times ). The post-apocalyptic Western about a band of mailmen who save the United States is faulted for its ridiculous premise, mawkish dialogue, and megalomaniacal directing, among other things.
In a deregulated health care system, however, states tended to use these funds to expand Medicaid and/or Medicaid managed care, thus shifting the focus of the pools to reimbursement for charity care only [ 35 ] . Because of the non-uniformity of states' approaches to uncompensated care pools, their limited use, and their changing roles over time, we did not include this factor in our final model.
Taken together, the two directives basically left the Justice Department and the FBI in charge at home and left terrorism abroad to the CIA, the State Department, and other agencies, under Clarke's and Berger's coordinating hands.
“STATE PER CALL RATES FOR MICRO PRODUCTS ...
To make matters worse, many employers looking to save money (and please their employees) will drop dependent benefits if states provide better coverage than the private plans now do.
Every day thousands of children in our state recite the Pledge of Allegiance.
These studies demonstrated a statistically significant association between nmt55/p54 nrbprotein expression, tumor hormonal phenotype and mean tumor size [ 13 ] . Specifically, in tumors large in size or those tumors which were determined to be ER-, the expression of nmt55/p54 nrbprotein was absent, or greatly reduced [ 13 ] . These results suggested that loss of nmt55/p54 nrbprotein expression may be related to hormone insensitivity, tumor differentiation state, unregulated tumor growth and metastases.
Now in order to return the Carnot engine to its initial state, 1 (in Figure 3.2), such that the working gas can again expand and do mechanical work on the piston, work must be done on the engine to bring the piston back up to its position near the head of the cylinder and to recompress and reheat the working gas so that its temperature and pressure values, or state, correspond to state 1. If the work done on the Carnot engine simply retraced the exact pathway from step 3 to step 2 to step 1, at least as much work would have to be done on the Carnot engine as the engine released in the power stroke in going from 1 to 2 to 3. If so, no net work would be carried out by the Carnot engine on the external world.
Given that the troubles on the West Bank have not only frosted relations between Arafat and Israel, but also those between Israel and Egypt and between Israel and Saudi Arabia, the paper states that the U.S. is now facing the prospect that the moderate Arab coalition it built after the Persian Gulf war to contain Iraq and Iran is falling apart.
iii Program Letter 1998-1, published on February 12, 1998, called upon all LSC recipients to analyze any progress made toward the development of the legal services model envisioned by state planners.
This fund has given us, the members of the Indiana Dental Association, the opportunity to make a direct investment in the quality of dental education in our state.
It may be that under stressful conditions, such as a disease state or a loss of nutrients which occurs in a state of ischemia, the smooth muscle cells upregulate a new complement of 5-HT receptors [ 33 34 35 ] . These new receptors maybe involved in activation of the ERK, p38 and JNK pathways, but the studies presented here do not directly address this issue.
It was made possible by Delaware's Combined Campaign for Justice, a coordinated fundraising effort by the state planning committee sponsored by the Delaware State Bar Association and other justice community stakeholders.
The weakest, most fractured Arab state had become the front line for an Israeli-Palestinian war that other Arab countries wanted kept far from their borders.
The states face quite a challenge in finding employment for all these people.
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS
There is a disparity: People of economic means will generally do better in the judicial system than those without economic means," said Thomas Levin, chairman of the New York State Bar Association's Access to Justice Committee.
Maybe prolonged exposure of any kind to your state makes people sleep later.
state () ’ () state ’
All fault has been deposited on the doorsteps of the White House and the State Department.
The United States has probably become more religious as boomers have become the dominant demographic group.
Visualize state planning holistically;
However, Bill Kristol (ABC's This Week ) says that Bush support in South Carolina (the second primary state) is broad but skin deep; if McCain wins New Hampshire, he predicts, South Carolina businessmen might give the veteran another look.
The really interesting thing, of course, is that it's not a mistake for the United States to believe that, either.
Before the settlement is implemented, it must be ratified by most of the other 38 states with pending or contemplated suits against tobacco companies.
[ 4 ] For example: When engaged in imaginary play children are often in a state of self-hypnosis; when bored in a classroom students sometimes use self-hypnosis to imagine themselves engaged in an activity elsewhere; and mental rehearsal of a performance is often done in a state of self-hypnosis.
Some months after the interview I asked a friend of mine, a Jewish professor emeritus of English who was originally from New York (albeit the state, not the city), what he thought about the matter.
Professor Tannen might be surprised to learn that one of the most well-known introductory books on ancient Chinese thought is called Disputers of the Tao: Philosophical Argument in Ancient China . Indeed, I think most students of ancient China would agree that if there ever was a disputatious intellectual culture, it was that of China in the Warring States period (circa 479-221 B.C.).
Depending on the state in which the murder was committed, the court might have some leeway in reducing Libby's sentence.
Ironically, those who rely on either Volokh's constitutional "spillover" analysis or his assessment of software filters may feel compelled to craft laws that ensure we never escape from the "spillover" problem: laws that needlessly pit adults' First Amendment rights against the state's interest in protecting children.
Flanked by Texas' attorney general and the state's leading prosecutors, he unveiled a plan to hire extra prosecutors who would focus exclusively on gun crimes.
For example, the new books say that it was Israel, not the Arab states, which held the military advantage in the 1948 war for independence, and that Palestinians left their land not because they smugly assumed Israel would lose the war but because they were afraid or forced out by Israeli soldiers.
The United States and Russia continue to aim thousands of warheads at each other, and the United States, despite signing the START I commitment to arms reduction, continues to develop new and more deadly nukes.
Less than two months after Louisiana won its statehood, the United States went to war with Britain — for the second and last time.
It recalled that six years ago George Bush, in his "Christmas warning," said that if Belgrade used force against Kosovo's Albanian majority, the United States would intervene: "Then Mr. Milosevic listened.
So the agents wind up in a space of coevolving theories and actions with no fixed-point, stable steady states, which means that past actions are a poor guide to future actions by an agent since his theories, and hence his action plans, have changed.
The latter is a special state treasury account created at the high court's request and allowed for under legislation enacted earlier this year.
In the wild--that is, in the more freewheeling and inflected realm of spoken language-- groovy thrives in a largely ironic state; the use of the word requires a context of wavelength synchrony between speaker and listener.
This is the first time they have collaborated on a funding application that will benefit the entire state.
Patients, hospitals, and state and federal governments have all had a stake in PRWORA's enactment.
Accusing the United States and other Western governments of "inexplicable delay" in checking "Serbia's relentless offensive" against Kosovar Muslims, it warned that if the world community continues "to waver and dither over what is happening in Kosovo for long," it will find a "Bosnia-like conflict in [its] lap."
There is probably a Virgen de Guadalupe parish in every single Mexican community in the United States.
custody Building (State v.
The unusual move was a reaction to both Congressional Republicans who threaten to impeachment judges based on their rulings and to campaign contributors who attempt to influence elected state judges.
Robertson, who claims his family emigrated from Scotland in 1695 (the same year the bank was founded), made a deal with it last March to start a telephone banking service in the United States.
The Access to Justice Commission was created in 1996 as a coordinating body to seek support for legal services programs and develop strategies to address the severe lack of access to justice that had been identified earlier by a State Bar-sponsored blue ribbon study group.
David M. Walker Comptroller General of the United States
The observations that Cdc5 was both necessary and sufficient for Cdc14 release and that Cdc5 influenced phosphorylation state of Net1 in vivo prompted us to examine whether Cdc5 directly catalyzes disassembly of the RENT complex.
facilitate suits for benefits by using the State and Federal courts and the independent bar on which those courts depend for the proper performance of their duties and responsibilities.
In an NYT op-ed, Erika Niedowski, a reporter for the inside-the-Beltway newsletter the Hill , points out that several lawmakers who sit on the Thompson fund-raising investigating committee have themselves paid stiff fines for violating state and federal election laws.
In making the recommendation, the VP for Programs shall be guided by state planners' responsiveness to the enumerated reconfiguration standards; the analysis and recommendations of the LSC state planning team; the articulated concerns of the DSPB; and any other information deemed to be relevant by the VP of Programs.
A "Talk of the Town" item argues that Clinton should be punished by prohibiting him from giving the State of the Union address.
However, the stability of a pegged rate would come at the cost of Canadian independence: "By adopting a fixed exchange rate, Canada would essentially cede control over monetary policy to the United States Federal Reserve Board, yielding one more lever of economic policy to international forces."
The next day, writing about Ressam's arrest and links to a cell in Montreal, Berger informed the President that the FBI would advise police in the United States to step up activities but would still try to avoid undue public alarm by stressing that the government had no specific information about planned attacks.
According to the Center for Social Development, as of January 2001, 29 states had passed legislation establishing IDA programs, and 32 states had incorporated IDAs into their TANF plans.
Buddha never claimed to be divine and in fact emphasized that all men could by their own efforts follow his path to enlightenment and the blissful state of nirvana, release from the cycle of repeated births and deaths.
In short, the record is clear that H-2A workers are unlikely to raise legal claims before the end of their employment contract, that they are required to leave the United States at the end of their contracts, that many of their claims arise after their departure, and that legal proceedings cannot be completed before they depart.
The state relies on people playing the games over and over and over again.
The ATJ Board makes regular reports to the state Supreme Court and the governing body of the state bar on the progress of its committees and work groups in implementing the State Plan.
On the right, you’ll come to the Art Deco Byzantine-style tower of the YMCA, designed by the firm that also planned New York’s Empire State Building.
allocate, for such year, to each unit in the Zone 1 States listed in theAdministrator's Emissions Scorecard 2000, Appendix B, Table B1 an amount of nitrogen oxides allowances determined by multiplying eighty percent of the allocation amount under section 453(a) by the ratio of such unit's heat input in the Emissions Scorecard 2000, Appendix B, Table B1 to the total of the heat input in the Emissions Scorecard 2000, Appendix B, Table B1 for all units in the Zone 1 States;
Pursuant to section 801(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), entitled "Competitive Bidding Procedures" (WT Docket No.
Together, the eight states also would provide reasonable geographic representativeness, as well as industrialized versus more rural spreads.
It considered the environment in the United States so hospitable that the 9/11 operatives used America as their staging area for further training and exercises-traveling into, out of, and around the country and complacently using their real names with little fear of capture.
The Post states that in a briefing on August 12th, the director of the CIA told Clinton that bin Laden was behind the embassy bombings.
G. Burdens of Requiring LSC Funded Attorneys to Withdraw from Cases When the Client Leaves the United States
The Arab states that arose were uninspiring monarchies or autocracies, and Nasser's grand dream of a united pan-Arab state that included Palestine came crashing down with the Arabs' ignominious defeat in the 1967 Six Day War.
The longest river in the world brings abundant water from the heart of Africa to irrigate a narrow verdant valley snaking its way through the hundreds of thousands of square kilometers of parched desert that constitute the modern state.
In 1996, as a result of the TWA Flight 800 crash, President Clinton created a commission under Vice President Al Gore to report on shortcomings in aviation security in the United States.
In different states, the study or report has been initiated or overseen variously by the courts, the legislature, the state bar association, or an officially chartered commission or similar entity.
When an applicant seeks federal funding from LSC and as they become grantees, they are required, as a condition of continued federal funding, to pursue state planning with all other LSC-funded grantees, The penultimate goals is the establishment of "communities of justice" in every state.
This infiltration was common not just in Virginia but all over the United States.
In Kuwait, the newspaper Al-Qabas said that the only worthwhile objective for the United States was the removal of Saddam Hussein from power.
and the United States
The third (discordant) sibling is collected for purposes of determining potential nonpaternities in a sibship (more than 4 alleles) and for better estimating the proportion of alleles shared that are identical by state (in the absence of parents).
One plausible reason is that the differences are the result of how states solicit returns, monitor compliance, and penalize failure to file.
Shortly after taking office, he entertained Frank Zappa on a state visit.
7. In the United States, Denver fans celebrate a Super Bowl win by overturning cars, breaking windows, setting fires.
The Wall Street Journal 's main "Politics and Policy" piece states that based on recent White House performances, "the Clinton legal team clearly is calling the shots in the Lewinsky flap, and its strategy is simple: the less said, the better."
