One quick glance around and I struck her with a piece of iron pipe.
The terrorists could strike any time they choose, through any of the numerous loopholes so well reported in our media.
This struck a chord.
From the living room, the view of the beach struck me with such intensity that Tasha asked if I felt ill.
Curious about its depth they threw in a pebble and waited for the sound of it striking the bottom, but they heard nothing.
The monkey soon catches up with the leopard, spills the beans and strikes a deal for himself with the leopard.
 were this the first time this Court had considered Congress's copyright authority, that might be a plausible argument, but the very first time this Court ever struck down a law of Congress as exceeding Article I, section 8 power was in the context of the Copyright Clause. We 
JACK SPARROW: Will strikes a deal for these and upholds it with honor.

Your stories strike a chord with the deepest, most ancient stories of mankind, the tales basic to humanity.
At last you will never worry about your size any more
The Pentagon had been struck; the White House or the Capitol had narrowly escaped direct attack.
The President wanted the United States to strike the Taliban, step back, wait to see if they got the message, and hit them hard if they did not.
As a former pilot, the President was struck by the apparent sophistication of the operation and some of the piloting, especially Hanjour's high-speed dive into the Pentagon.
He knew he would soon be striking the Taliban and al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
Those familiar with Safire's editorial style, reflected in his political columns on the editorial pages of The N. Y. Times , may agree with me in the contention that when he writes about language he seems to be writing on his day off: I cannot put my finger on why, but “On Language” always strikes me as an excruciating effort to be cute.
A federal judge in Dallas struck down key sections of the Telecommunications Act of 1996, theoretically allowing the Baby Bells to get into the long-distance market.
They struck three days after we arrived, without warning, at least to us.
In the goofy Back to the Future , he regressed Michael J. Fox to a 1950s high-school student and had him strike up an incestuous flirtation with his then teen-age mother.
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) begins to address this area, [ 53 ] but has many problems which will need to be resolved, specifically concerning the nature of the boundaries regarding what is permissible and what is not; if interpreted broadly, HIPAA could make clinical research nearly impossible [ 47 ] . More legislation will be needed to strike an effective balance.
While we're on the subject of editorial déjà vu , Keeping Tabs has become strangely attached to "Tilton Talk," the part of Charlene Tilton's new Globe gossip column in which the former Dallas star spouts off about whatever strikes her fancy, with ellipses separating her insights from one another.
But Slocombe worried that simply striking some of these available targets did not add up to an effective strategy.
But what will become of The New Yorker ? During Tina's tenure, the magazine's editors were always talking about "the mix"--the never-ending struggle to strike the right balance between the slashy and the serious.
The other thing that struck me about Bradley's performance was the somewhat inconsistent quality of what one journalist recently described as his streak of "civic mysticism."
The interview, occasioned by McPherson's 70 th birthday, appeared in the "Style" section of Oct. 20's Washington Post . McPherson was introduced, quite properly, as an important former aide to Lyndon Johnson and author of a "much-praised" memoir, A Political Education . Chatterbox will even go along with the interview's overall tone of deference (headline: "The Long View of a Changing Capital"); from a distance, McPherson has always struck Chatterbox as a kind, thoughtful, and (for the most part) honorable man.
What is most striking to a person who has been reading budgets for a long time is how far the cult of presidential personality has progressed.
That last, in fact, strikes the falsest note in Once and Again , since it has been Culturebox's experience that real children will go to some lengths to avoid the disgusting details of a parent's sex life.
In one of the strips, one of the characters is jumping rope and says, "Suddenly it struck me that it all seemed futile."
Indeed, it is not clear to us that the video teleconference was fully under way before 9:37, when the Pentagon was struck.
He was ready to strike at "the head of the snake."
It's certainly a striking fact that male gorillas are twice the size of females; but looking from gorillas to humans, what should strike us is not that men are somewhat bigger than women, but that they are nowhere near twice as big.
What is striking about the ensemble of her works on display (more than 100 pieces) is her freedom.
In an essay scheduled for publication next month in the Columbia Law Review - titled "Thinking Out of the Bar Exam Box: a Challenge and Proposal for Change" - Dean Glen contends that public service, scored by specially trained evaluators, would be a more useful test of future lawyers' potential than rote memory, and would simultaneously strike down what she sees as unfair barriers for poor people and minorities seeking entry to the legal profession.
What really struck me in Skidelsky's account, however, was the extent to which conventional opinion in the 1920s viewed high unemployment as a good thing, a sign that excesses were being corrected and discipline restored--so that even a successful attempt to reflate the economy would be a mistake.
But Heidenry writes that Larry beat Althea more than once, and she told Hustler that she didn't see anything wrong with a "man striking a woman."
Our enemy is twofold: al Qaeda, a stateless network of terrorists that struck us on 9/11; and a radical ideological movement in the Islamic world, inspired in part by al Qaeda, which has spawned terrorist groups and violence across the globe.
Israel's new prime minister and Yasser Arafat struck a tentative deal on a Palestinian state.
That struck me as dubious.
Ehud Barak pledged to strike peace deals with Syria and the Palestinians within 15 months.
He wrote that the crown prince, the effective ruler of Saudi Arabia, could have met secretly with Israeli officials, as Clinton asked, and struck deals with them behind closed doors, subsequently to denounce Israel in the strongest terms, as many Arab leaders did.
And, in the "it may not sound like progress but it is" department, Utah residents overturned a 102-year-old law limiting the property rights of married women, and South Carolinians struck the miscegenation ban from the state constitution.
The superficial analysis is that the court struck down sampling and hurt the Democrats.
This struck Einstein as grotesque, so he added to his theory a fiddle factor called the "cosmological constant" that eliminated the implication and held the universe still.
The Los Angeles Times leads with news that must strike terror deep within the hearts of its readership: the state's second largest phone company, GTE, mistakenly leased tens of thousands of unlisted phone numbers to telemarketers.
If the president was seeing a shrink, that struck Chatterbox as big news.
“[Gothic] was seized upon as essential not because it was materially essential, but because the pointed arch struck that note of fantasy which was what the mind of the age desired,” explains John Summerson.
Then disaster struck, struck, and struck again.
By the early hours of the morning of August 20, President Clinton and all his principal advisers had agreed to strike Bin Ladin camps in Afghanistan near Khowst, as well as hitting al Shifa.
It began at 9:29, with a brief recap: two aircraft had struck the World Trade Center, there was a confirmed hijacking of American 11, and Otis fighters had been scrambled.
Beyond weighing how a proposal would affect the federal budget and the economy, policymakers need to consider the balance struck between the twin goals of income adequacy (level and certainty of benefits) and individual equity (rates of return on individual contributions).
The American Medical Association voted to form a union to negotiate for better wages and working conditions but promised never to strike.
3) A Greek medical aid convoy in Kosovo was reportedly struck by a bomb but without causing any injuries.
Where ellipses occur, I have not bothered to copy down the entire list of offerings, selecting only those that struck me as odd, either because of the incongruity of the choice or because I could not, in my wildest flights of dyslexic, schizophrenic fancy, imagine the criteria employed in arriving at the selections.
In 1889 the masterpiece was struck by lightning and burned almost to the ground.
Never Easy , the second, reverses field and feel with a talking head who, while almost didactic in her delivery of a simple message and a not-so-subtle push for ABC itself, is young enough, earnest enough, to strike a chord across her audience.
Time 's superior package emphasizes U.S. hopes that Iraq's military will strike first.
After the election, Holbrooke wrote a memo to Warren Christopher and Anthony Lake advocating the strategy known as "lift and strike"--lifting the arms embargo that prevented the Muslims from defending themselves, and bombing the Bosnian Serbs.
This week, two days after Arafat and Israel's new prime minister, Ehud Barak, signed another deal, terrorists struck again.
This gentle Star Trek spoof strikes a chord; it's "a fast, loose, and very funny parody that pulls off the not-so-simple feat of tweaking Trekkies and honoring them" (Lisa Schwarzbaum, Entertainment Weekly ). The film's premise: A group of middle-aged actors from a long-canceled space show get "spacejacked by naive aliens in need of protection" who mistook the program for a historical document (Jay Carr, the Boston Globe ). The result is campy, goofy, and "funny without being flip" (Rita Kempley, the Washington Post ). (Click here to read an interview with Sigourney Weaver about her character in the movie.)
True, they tend to have the emotional autonomy of 8-year-olds, but they're less of a labor to "read" than ordinary mortals: It's their business--you might say their existential orientation--to communicate their thoughts and feelings in an engaging fashion every millisecond . I mention this because the first thing that struck me about the much-hyped satirical comedy EdTV , which purports to show the effect of TV cameras brought into the homes of real people, is that almost no one on-screen seems ever to have met a real (i.e.
She recalled first telling the President it was a twin-engine aircraft-and then a commercial aircraft-that had struck the World Trade Center, adding "that's all we know right now, Mr. President."
That statement, we were once asked to believe by John Cleese, was an example of the irrelevancy of Victorian English phrase books, along with the well-known, My postillion has been struck by lightning.
The accompanying photograph reinforces the squeaky-clean image--the picture might have been the only one available, or one of a small handful, but it strikes a note that will carry through the spot: Harmon is always well-dressed, and he is always smiling.
The National Weather Service pointed out how unusual it is for a big tornado to strike an urban center .
"French handyman" strikes my American ears as oxymoronically as "American intellectual" probably strikes French ones.
A shiver of excitement strikes the line of people waiting four-breast outside Theodore Roosevelt's front gate, and runs in serpentine reflex along Pennsylvania Avenue as far as Seventeenth Street, before whipping south and dissipating itself over half a mile a way.
An office with which I have occasion to do business is at 123 Elm Street, Old Saybrook, Connecticut, and I cannot help feeling that Freddie lurks there, ready to strike down the unwary.
The facts that McPherson was an old friend of Kaiser's and a former boss of Janeway's were noted prominently, and did not strike Chatterbox as disqualifying.
The top national story at the Los Angeles Times is the emerging pressure on the Clinton administration to not just strike against Saddam Hussein, but remove him.
In the Sala Grande, see the high drama of Moses Striking Wate r from the Rock and a fascinating Temptation of Christ, with Satan portrayed as a beautiful youth.
Even though a spokesman traveling with President Clinton in California does tell the NYT that there are still "significant issues" to be resolved, and the Wall Street Journal cautions that "Those involved in the talks.describe the emerging deal as fragile and caution it could easily collapse," the general view in the papers is that substantial progress has been made and that an actual deal could be struck between the President, the House and the Senate as early as today, with final passage coming by Friday.
You strike a balanced note at the end of your message that I think is absolutely appropriate.
The Pentagon had been struck by American 77 at 9:37:46.
Quoting an opinion poll in Ha'aretz that showed 82 percent of Israelis expect Israel will live to celebrate its 100 th anniversary, the Post said it wasn't the "confidence of the overwhelming majority" that was striking but the question itself: "[W]hat other nation celebrating its jubilee would even ask such a question?"
Traditional eight bells are struck.
He failed to explain the cuts on his hand or the blood in his Bronco, and said he had never struck or beaten Nicole Simpson.
India would never be the first to strike, and it would retaliate only against a nuclear power that had used nuclear weapons against it.
When they closed the wedding chapels, brothels, and even the 24-hour casinos in Nevada early this month, I knew that disaster had truly struck.
Striking construction workers marched down Stalinallee (which was later renamed Karl-Marx-Allee) and mounted violent demonstrations against the government of Walter Ulbricht.
"At every step, we have been clear-headed in endeavoring to strike a careful balance between ... what is best economically and is also politically realistic," he said.
At Baiyunguan the first courtyard features the Wind Containing Bridge, where visitors attempt to ensure their good fortune by striking a 17th-century copper bell with coins.
Some of them strike us immediately as exotic but others (shampoo, for instance) are in such common use that people are often astonished to learn that they have a foreign origin.
But I only need to use your examples as proof that what the Internet has wrought in an unbelievably short time has been profound--the entire computer industry (as evidenced by Michael Dell's success) has been turned on its ear, the retail industry is reeling (did you see the many news stories today about Nordstrom's striking a deal with a well-known Silicon Valley venture firm to jumpstart its Web efforts?), and traditional media companies are in full-scale alert.
Still, Chatterbox doesn't really think a ritual sacrifice will address the basic underlying problem: When media outlets strike secret business deals with other businesses, readers are unable to evaluate whether these deals might be compromising news coverage.
Russert offered the clip as an omen of the "curse" that would strike John Kennedy 30 years later.
Death continues to strike down Americans, and celebrities are no exception, sometimes, like yesterday, dying two at a time.
My worry about Bennett's lack of teaching experience struck me especially while reading the math section in The Educated Child . Bennett presents a perfectly reasonable sequence of math skills.
This is going back a bit, but I was struck by the letter from . As a psychology professor, a previous psych major, and an avocational singer, I agree with your advice to "Go for it" but think there's yet another option that Carpe should consider before running away from home or from college.
Then it struck me: Barry Diller is the Antichrist.
He refused, however, to don a Nazi uniform, and struck an attitude that was deemed insufficiently fascist by the monument committee.
But by far the most striking of these lavish royal apartments is the glittering Galerie des Glaces (Hall of Mirrors), 73 m (240 ft) long, built to catch every ray of the setting sun in the 17 tall arched panels of mirrors.
It's reported that one of the Baghdad sites struck by cruise missiles was the home of the youngest of Saddam Hussein's three daughters.
What's striking is the lack of interest in examining whether this premise is correct.
Onomatoplazia struck a delightful chord for me.
No, what struck Jacob as oppressively squalid was the subject matter he was forced to contemplate week after week: fleeting, age-inappropriate sexual liaisons in the Oval Office; the seep of money into every cranny of the political system; Trent Lott; Newt Gingrich.
It always struck me as strange that in the period when crime was increasing in cities, politicians blamed the problem on the pathologies in the inner-city communities.
In 1974, he exhibited a series of deathbed portraits of his father, a New York clothing retailer, which struck many viewers (including Avedon's son) as an act of unchecked Oedipal hostility.
LSC staff were struck by the many innovative systems used across the country.
. When he struck a deal last week to repay some but not all of the United States' U.N. debts, senators on both sides hailed his compromise.
The WP reports that a U.S. appeals court has struck down the ability of rape and domestic violence victims to sue their attackers under federal civil rights laws, a power first granted by the 1994 Violence Against Women Act.
Then disaster struck, struck, and struck again.
This idea--the Antichrist as gay--strikes a chord with many evangelicals, just as the idea that the Antichrist is Jewish strikes a chord.
Despite his penchant for revolutionary rhetoric, his inspired use of modern techniques of collective mobilization, and his willingness to strike up a tactical alliance with Stalin, Hitler remained a committed foe of what he called "Jew-Bolshevism," and indeed, of all leveling ideologies.
When American 11 struck the World Trade Center at 8:46, no one in the White House or traveling with the President knew that it had been hijacked.
At first, Rea's hangdog persona struck me as overly pitiable for Henry: A more repressed, formal Englishman would make his wife's open disregard seem less cruel.
Prudie would suggest you not ask the recently bereaved widow to a dancing party as your opening salvo; instead an invitation to Sunday brunch and a stroll would strike the right casual note.
THERE'S BEEN A LOT OF TALK that Clinton has broken an "implicit pact" with the American people that was struck after he confronted Gennifer Flowers' allegations in his famous 1992 60 Minutes interview.
The 45-second temblor struck at 3 a.m. Tuesday in the populous region surrounding Istanbul.
First, on the question of Bill Gates, it strikes me as completely unarguable that his "living icon" status has been a tremendous asset to Microsoft--or at least it did until the antitrust trial began.
Well, I know Bradley's formal announcement is hardly news--he's been running for president for years now, hasn't he?--but I was struck by the stories this morning.
What was striking about the attack on AOL, though, was just how obvious and devoid of new information it was.
I have been struck with how political conservatives have used the issue of crime to justify autocratic, if not authoritarian, policies.
I suppose Edna Millay would be fitting in this context if Reagan were trying to strike up a romantic relationship with Gorbachev.
program, it strikes Culturebox, is the name.
None of his answers struck me as especially stupid or brilliant, but rather they were rather convincingly earnest.
The paper ticks off the spate of other similar arrangements struck recently--Best Buy and Microsoft, Circuit City and AOL, Kmart and Yahoo, Radio Shack and Microsoft--and nutshells the point: giving online concerns access to the still-huge number of offline homes while jumpstarting the struggling Web presences of traditional retailers.
The other Monica thing that struck me is this crazy immunity agreement she struck with Starr.
A couple of things struck me about his appearance at a New Hampshire forum for candidates known as a "Politics and Eggs Breakfast" (actually a quiche lunch with a commemorative wooden egg laid at each place setting as a souvenir).
We all hear constantly that strong principals play a large part in creating strong schools, but I was struck that Bennett had very little to say about them and their role--except as the last resort for disgruntled parents.
Finally, the statute included the Communications Decency Act, which was struck down this week by the Supreme Court.
An article rejects the CW that the Supreme Court will strike down the Communications Decency Act.
The Supreme Court struck down a Georgia law requiring drug tests for political candidates . The court ruled 8-to-1 that the urine tests were an unreasonable search under the Fourth Amendment because: 1) there's no evidence of a drug problem among Georgia politicians and 2) the law was designed to be symbolic rather than effective (e.g.
She struck the blow in response to ritual verbal abuse by several upperclassmen.
Miscellany: The Supreme Court struck down the line item veto . ...
What could seem at first glance self-important strikes a chord nonetheless--and in this Hispanic district, this kind of visual cue can't hurt.
Kondracke implored Clinton to prepare for the day when the courts will strike down set-asides based on race.
Generally, correspondents strike an air of stern impartiality, just as on the evening news.
At the same time, failure to strike Iraq after weeks of warlike rhetoric could have cost the United States its credibility, Le Figaro said, adding that "by saving himself, Saddam Hussein has also saved Bill Clinton."
' " The story concluded with a dispatch from Independent correspondent Jason Burke, one of few Westerners in Afghanistan when the airstrikes occurred: "Our hope is that the Taliban may have struck a deal with the Americans, perhaps giving them the details of Bin Laden's whereabouts in return for recognition by Washington as the legal government of Afghanistan.
Postal workers, it explains, can't strike and so their grievances accumulate unresolved in much greater numbers than in other lines of work.
But fewer hurricanes will strike the Atlantic coast this year, fewer tornadoes will touch down in the Midwest, and more rain will fall on the Southwest.
True, the goods that New York ships to the rest of the world would be struck off the export tally, while the goods the city ships to the rest of the United States would henceforth count as U.S. imports.
Woodward's 1996 campaign finance pieces struck a chord that still rings, and I predict a similar impact for Barton Gellman's two-part series last week about how the United States and China nearly went to war in 1996 (click here and here).
"Ted, I'm struck by how many people are looking at dots, connecting them where there's no evidence to connect them.
At the moment it broke, Lewinsky was facing an imminent deadline for striking an immunity deal with Starr's office.
A three-judge federal court was probably correct in striking down the CDA June 11.
Any day now I expect my cat to strike up a conversation with me, probably about his three-picture deal with Castle Rock.
An atheist friend struck by lightning?
Once again, it's easy to imagine party committees and advocacy groups making inventive and persuasive ads that don't depict or refer to a candidate, but strike the same themes as the campaign's ads established outside the 60-day period.
Iwas struck by this proposition about a month ago when I spent some time with my son in Los Angeles.
In a sense, though, what's most striking about the WTO case is not that Kodak lost, but that it put so much energy into winning.
The WP runs the text of Clinton's legal motion in the matter, which includes an argument that strikes the lay person as bizarrely permissive: Even on the assumption that then-Gov.
The WP reports that out of twenty intercept tests in the past decade, only seven anti-missile missiles struck their targets.
"Here's what strikes Miss Manners as a fair division of labor," she writes on her favorite subject, child rearing: "She will nag adults to teach manners to children, and everyone else will find them the time in which to do this."
His absence of hands-on experience with our current criminal-justice system--his lack of feel for how it actually works--puts him at a perceptible disadvantage when seeking to strike this exquisitely delicate balance.
The most striking of the early works in the book are overwhelmingly imitative of the style of the American pictorialists.
He worked heroically when a cholera epidemic struck the area of his country home.
But it's also true that had she been wearing, in the name of Good Sense, elaborate running shoes--with their ridiculous thickness and multiform brightness--they would have struck the eye as equally attractive and equally absurd.
The other day, as I was sitting at a Paris cafe watching all the summery people sitting around or sauntering past, something struck me.
Most striking is the camera placement.
(Sidewalk, on the other hand, is engaged in a nasty legal battle with Ticketmaster, and probably won't be able to strike a similar deal.)
They strike heroic, Napoleonic poses, hand to heart, which made these wafflers and compromisers look ridiculous after the debacle of the Civil War.
When Johnson removed his secretary of war, Edwin M. Stanton, on Feb. 21, 1868, the Radicals struck.
It strikes me as a modern-day perversion of ancient Chinese landscape paintings in which people are depicted as miniscule figures at the base of immense mountains and valleys.
by the anonymous folks at Oxford Analytica was just chock-full of silly blather about globalization, I was particularly struck by the vacuousness of this sentence: "The liberalization of trade also effectively prevents governments from erecting protective barriers to boost the domestic economy."
But unthinking partisanship can strike anyone at any time.
"Tainted Jury": Forget tampering, Clinton's impeachment panel would be struck for cause.
This is what Clinton tried to explain at his press conference on Sunday, "Our willingness to strike ...
The National Basketball Association is back in business . NBA Commissioner David Stern, representing the owners, and union chief Billy Hunter, representing the players, struck a deal one day before the league was expected to cancel the rest of the season.
Now that the states have struck their own settlement deal with the industry, Clinton is considering whether to extract some of that money by withholding Medicaid reimbursements to the states.
Just before the building was struck by lightning.
GM had been hoping that the union would cut a deal that would allow struck GM plants to re-open today.
A related WP front-pager says that bin Laden was in the Afghanistan camps the day of the attack, but moved before the missiles struck.
In 1703, England struck a deal, the Methuen Treaty, which got Portugal to ally itself with England and Holland against the Catholic powers.
And then there's something perversely sexy about the vehicles' max-tech black sheen, something peeping-tom kinky about the planes' advertised invisibility, something magical about striking without being struck back.
It doesn't give enough credit to readers, for one thing, and it neglects the implicit bargain columnists strike with their audiences to be on the level.
"Does anyone out there want to argue that Hitler could have been defeated by a policy of air strikes to 'degrade the Nazi military machine' without the deployment of ground forces other than in a 'permissive' environment?"
The German press led on the deal struck at a stormy meeting of the Green Party, a member of Germany's ruling coalition, by which the government of Chancellor Gerhard Schröder is permitted to hold to its existing war policy.
The Weekly Standard 's John Podhoretz also praises the film, saying "it will strike a chord with audiences for the same reason that its predecessors did: It is earnest, well-meaning, and delightfully free of irony.
Reviewing An Ideal Husband in 1895, George Bernard Shaw wrote that "the modern note is struck in Sir Robert Chiltern's assertion of the individuality and courage of his wrongdoing as against the mechanical idealism of his stupidly good wife, and in his bitter criticism of love that is only the reward of merit."
Your doctors will not strike or endanger patient care," Smoak assured the public.
A report in the Guardian Friday from Tehran said that conservative clerics have struck a blow at Iran's reforming President Mohammed Khatami by closing the newspaper Salam , which helped his rise to power.
That's always struck me as strange.
Did you know that several Americans are killed every year when lightning strikes a phone pole, courses through the phone line, and electrocutes them as they are making a call?
On this trip already, a strange, long-haired man in a West Virginia parking lot where we were making a U-turn has struck up a gratuitous conversation.
The Antichrist, in this reading, will be a world leader who strikes a peace deal with Israel, only to betray the Jewish state and make war on it, until Jesus comes to the rescue.
' Tory killjoys struck a sour note by calling the timing of the announcement a Labour stunt."
A cautious note was struck in the St. Petersburg Times , which said that "Putin's future looks rosy, except as regards concrete policies, his main one so far being the razing of Grozny.
The NYT leads stresses in the first paragraph that the U.S. is prepared to strike with no further warning.
The Times story emphasizes that the speech struck a conciliatory and hopeful tone.
There are only 50 repertory theaters left in the United States and fewer old movies to see in them, since the tiny market leaves little incentive for the studios to strike new prints when old ones age and break.
Still, the parallels between Hillary and Eleanor are irresistibly striking: A bright, intense young woman marries a profligately charming man who takes her home to his disapproving mother.
If these vignettes strike sympathetic chords, then science fiction's words, phrases, and lore have permeated your thought and language.
Non-Southerners struck by our quaint (1369) speech may fail to recognize linguistic fossils when they hear them and likewise to appreciate their value as signs of the movement of peoples and the viability of speech through the centuries.
And whom he strikes his crooked tushes slay,
The hand-held scanner I have used is very tricky and sensitive, and, as the Writer's Guide admonishes, creates as many problems as it solves; but I am going to pursue the subject nonetheless, hoping that a useful balance might be struck in which less time is spent correcting than in initial keyboarding plus correcting.
It also struck me as odd, in view of how inventive and amusing this jargon is, how little is used for background colour in TV police dramas and, when the programme-makers use it at all, how often they get it wrong.
It must have struck many that the very common phrase Oh! dear is, after all, a very senseless expression.
To find a way of striking down the Louisiana statute, the New Orleans butchers would have to invoke a constitutional prohibition that would override the presumed competence of the legislature.
Two planes had struck the World Trade Center, and Boston Center had heard from FAA headquarters in Washington that American 11 was still airborne.
After the Pentagon was struck, Secretary Rumsfeld went to the parking lot to assist with rescue efforts.
He knew he would soon be striking the Taliban and al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
Clarke wrote to Berger's deputy on February 10 that the military was then doing targeting work to hit the main camp with cruise missiles and should be in position to strike the following morning.
According to KSM, Bin Ladin wanted to destroy the White House and the Pentagon, KSM wanted to strike the World Trade Center, and all of them wanted to hit the Capitol.
As to targets, Atta understood Bin Ladin's interest in striking the White House.
In setting a precise cutoff for pathway inclusion in the final network models, one seeks to strike a balance between the inclusion of false-positives and the omission of true-positives.
This difference in abundance is more striking in the whole-cell lysate lanes; endogenous PP1α fails to be detected in lysates prepared from induced cells (compare middle two lanes).
They no longer require him to strike any references that show alcohol treatment is effective.
Despite the emperor’s obsession with the new “Red Peril” — the 1848 Communist Mani­festo of Marx and Engels, which was being circulated in Paris — he could not prevent such social reforms as the workers’ right to form unions and even to strike.
What will strike you first is the marvelous range of subtly different skin tones and facial features.
She was a woman who struck fear into the heart of the local population.
Entering the church’s one large room, you are immediately struck by the lustrous white marble of the icons on display.
Among the early blows struck for independence was a rebellion in the town of Olhão (see page 57).
The more devout Californians were convinced God was punishing San Francisco for its gold lust and sinfulness when an earthquake, registering 8.25 on the Richter Scale, struck the city at 5:13am on 18 April 1906.
And, perhaps most striking of all, the distinctive hooked nose and sloping forehead of the ancient Maya, whose stony profiles look down on the visitor from the carved walls of their ruined cities, are still reflected in the features of the local people.
He began digging in 1900 after buying the site and financing the excavation program with his own money, and almost immediately struck the first building blocks of a huge Bronze Age palace replete with magnificent pottery and other artifacts.
Florence’s greatest artists, Michelangelo at their head, came to gaze and marvel, sketching Masaccio’s trail-blazing use of light and visual depth as instruments of emotional impact, particularly <b>striking</b> in the broad sweep of his St. Peter Paying the Tribute Money.
“[Gothic] was seized upon as essential not because it was materially essential, but because the pointed arch <b>struck</b> that note of fantasy which was what the mind of the age desired,” explains John Summerson.
The decision not to <b>strike</b> in May 1999 may now seem hard to understand.
A leading theory for many years was that natural disaster <b>struck</b> the island in the wake of the volcanic explosion on the island of Thíra (Santorini), due north of Crete, bringing a maelstrom of tidal waves, earthquakes, and fire storms.
While Greek night may <b>strike</b> some visitors as contrived, it is nonetheless an opportunity to see a local art form.
In addition, during the month following Hazmi's departure from San Diego, he emailed his housemate three times, including a January 2001 email that Hazmi signed "Smer," an apparent attempt to conceal his identity that <b>struck</b> the housemate as strange at the time.
Recent earthquakes — one in San Francisco in 1989 and another that hit Los Angeles in 1994 — have <b>served</b> as reminders that Californians continue to live in the shadow of The Big One — the major earthquake that experts predict will <b>strike</b> in the next 30 years.
In his opening remarks for Eyes of the Nation: A Visual History of the United States , Librarian of Congress James H. Billington <b>strikes</b> a fondly nationalistic note: "What makes the American narrative unique is the ability we have displayed time and again to remedy our mistakes, to adjust to changing circumstances, to debate and then move on in directions that seem better for all."
(It's illegal for them to actually <b>strike</b>.)
Maybe ER's money made her modestly hypocritical in preaching against the greed and privilege of others, but it <b>strikes</b> me as unfair to seize on this as a reason to disqualify her as having done any good.
Most <b>striking</b> was the overproliferation of outer nuclear/endoplasmic reticulum (ER) membranes.
What was <b>striking</b> about the attack on AOL, though, was just how obvious and devoid of new information it was.
My worry about Bennett's lack of teaching experience <b>struck</b> me especially while reading the math section in The Educated Child . Bennett presents a perfectly reasonable sequence of math skills.
True, the goods that New York ships to the rest of the world would be <b>struck</b> off the export tally, while the goods the city ships to the rest of the United States would henceforth count as U.S. imports.
Sometimes, for fun, I open it just as she is about to <b>strike</b> again and she goes flying across the kitchen floor like a vaudeville comedian in a skit, crashing into the opposite wall.
So why does he still <b>strike</b> me as a less than formidable opponent?
Marine jet that killed 20 people in Italy by snapping a ski lift cable nearly <b>struck</b> the ski gondola in which they were riding, according to testimony in a military justice hearing.
THERE'S BEEN A LOT OF TALK that Clinton has broken an "implicit pact" with the American people that was <b>struck</b> after he confronted Gennifer Flowers' allegations in his famous 1992 60 Minutes interview.
What is most <b>striking</b> to a person who has been reading budgets for a long time is how far the cult of presidential personality has progressed.
A three-judge federal court was probably correct in <b>striking</b> down the CDA June 11.
If these vignettes <b>strike</b> sympathetic chords, then science fiction's words, phrases, and lore have permeated your thought and language.
Some of them <b>strike</b> us immediately as exotic but others (shampoo, for instance) are in such common use that people are often astonished to learn that they have a foreign origin.
Another aspect of Disney's involvement that <b>struck</b> me was that while they were very good at the architectural/scenographic aspects of creating Celebration-as one would expect, and it is a beautiful place-when it came to education, they seemed out of their depth.
The first time I saw Affliction , it <b>struck</b> me as both arid and pretentious; the second, arriving with no narrative expectations, I found myself more tolerant of the pacing and more drawn in by the performances.
The top national story at the Los Angeles Times is the emerging pressure on the Clinton administration to not just <b>strike</b> against Saddam Hussein, but remove him.
May I offer a few reflections on various matters that <b>struck</b> me while browsing through XXII, 1?
We all hear constantly that strong principals play a large part in creating strong schools, but I was <b>struck</b> that Bennett had very little to say about them and their role--except as the last resort for disgruntled parents.
But what's especially <b>striking</b> is the way in which the evolution of his books--from engineering to management to theories of change--tracks his evolution as a public figure.
The shock was severe enough to <b>strike</b> her dumb, and she was committed to a London hospital.
The Supreme Court <b>struck</b> down two-tiered welfare benefits.
That's always <b>struck</b> me as strange.
Still, Chatterbox doesn't really think a ritual sacrifice will address the basic underlying problem: When media outlets <b>strike</b> secret business deals with other businesses, readers are unable to evaluate whether these deals might be compromising news coverage.
The latest graphic novel from the author of the acclaimed Julius Knipl, Real Estate Photographer comic strip is praised as "not only something to read but to ponder--an object nearly as strange and <b>striking</b> as the story it contains" (J.
The explicit adoption of such a strategy, subversive as it may seem of both the democratic process and deficit reduction, may <b>strike</b> Republicans as irresponsible.
While reading "Allen Ginsberg's Secret," by Paul Berman, regarding the poet's confession of altering a poem Norman Podhoretz had submitted to the Columbia Review , I was <b>struck</b> by a dark thought: What if Allen Ginsberg and Norman Podhoretz were the same person?
When Iris DeMent, the most <b>striking</b> of these singers, addresses the death of her father in "," the effect is immediate and direct.
When it comes to the operational side of the CIA's work--mostly the recruitment of agents in place--it is certainly more difficult to <b>strike</b> just the right tone with a foreign diplomat or functionary without a broader background than can be gained in Salt Lake City or Dayton.
Those who endured it (I felt caged, which might have been Kopple's intent) saw the celebrity polite but frozen-faced as star <b>struck</b> well-wishers attempted to make conversation with him, then moaning that he wished he could be back in his New York apartment or editing room.
USAT explains that the Saturn strike authorization--voted for by 96 percent of the 5,000 workers who cast ballots--means that the plant could be <b>struck</b> with five day's notice.
They don't believe communism's defeat ended America's global obligations: The United States should still <b>strike</b> boldly against authoritarian oppressors.
Not an airtight argument (all anti-discrimination laws pick and choose among protected classes), but a cleverly textualist one--and one that seems to have helped convince a majority of the court to <b>strike</b> down the amendment, despite a lack of helpful precedent.
Fred Thompson <b>struck</b> a dramatic note when he opened the proceedings by saying that intelligence agencies have concluded China tried to influence the 1996 presidential campaign, as well as congressional and state elections, and that Democratic Sen.
Such paintings, along with the swirling Céret landscapes, <b>struck</b> collectors of the 1920s as "naive," just the sort of unschooled stuff you'd expect from a Slavic child of the shtetl . The critic Waldemar George wrote in 1928, "Is this not the art of an exile, or even a savage?"
India would never be the first to <b>strike</b>, and it would retaliate only against a nuclear power that had used nuclear weapons against it.
The conventional wisdom says if Clinton fails to <b>strike</b> a censure deal with Senate Democrats and Republicans, they might vote to convict him.
But this is not a man who <b>strikes</b> me--either in interviews or on the big screen--as being at home with words.
When Johnson removed his secretary of war, Edwin M. Stanton, on Feb. 21, 1868, the Radicals <b>struck</b>.
Andrew Ferguson of Time argues that since the voters didn't care about Flowers, "an implicit bargain was struck," which held that Clinton would only screw around with people "roughly his own age," and do it discreetly.
Exaggerated deference to an incompetent Turkish government doesn't strike Chatterbox as the way to go.
In an earlier posting you speculated that our enthusiasm for Harry Potter may arise from our anxiety about technology, and it's striking (this is something my wife called to my attention after she read the first two books) how technologically underdeveloped the muggle world is in these books, in particular with respect to information technology.
But I must say, I'm struck by the shift in rhetoric--and what it says about both men's readings of the national mood.
And your remark about Jesse Ventura truly strikes fear into my heart.
But his "new patriotic challenge" seems to strike a chord nonetheless.
Finally, as an American living abroad, I was struck in reading Faludi's interviews how resonant they are with issues of self-worth and self-image among men here in Britain.
Courts vary in their interpretation of this principle but have generally used it to strike down requirements that prohibit marriage or encourage divorce.
It struck me, pardon the language, as an uncle-f-----' con game, and boring to boot.
Now some form of paycheck protection has been adopted in five states--Wyoming, Idaho, Washington state, Ohio (where it was later struck down in court), and Michigan.
Fred Thompson struck a dramatic note when he opened the proceedings by saying that intelligence agencies have concluded China tried to influence the 1996 presidential campaign, as well as congressional and state elections, and that Democratic Sen.
It's as if, having lost the Melfi method of making Tony seem human, the writers have struck on another way to do it: play him off someone really angry and crazy, so that the Soprano MO comes off as sanity itself.
If Hamm can score from 25 yards out on a shot struck with either foot on a full gallop, or tennis player Venus Williams can hit a serve 127 mph--faster than Andre Agassi was serving at Wimbledon this year--doesn't that force us to reconsider what it means to "play like a girl"?
These students compensate for their shortcomings by clinging to one another and striking the defensive pose of separatism.
When women do it, they're striking a blow for sexual freedom."
A federal judge struck down the Line-Item Veto Act , saying it gives the president legislative powers constitutionally reserved to Congress.
The bodyguard who survived the crash has recovered partial memory of events before the crash, but evidently can't answer whether a Fiat struck Diana's car.
The message here is that even the most optimistic person in America can be struck down by a gunman.
The closing scene strikes a match to the cause: "Tobacco vs. kids, where America draws the line."
that the Asian flu would soon strike the United States, evaporate the surplus, and vanquish the Clinton juggernaut in the process.
Amajority of the commentariat thinks that HMO reform strikes a chord with voters in a way that tobacco and campaign finance reform did not.
Amid general condemnation of Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic over the repression in Kosovo, the conservative Le Figaro of Paris struck a discordant note with a column defending his right to "maintain order" in the province and attacking the economic sanctions decided upon by the Contact Group countries in London this week.
A nuclear nonproliferation deal was struck, as was a deal selling American-made airliners.
"It is high time," Huffington wrote, "for some young Turks to recognize that there are moments when appeasement is more destructive than war--and to strike."
This struck me as slightly odd.
First, we don't know that Maxwell would have found another partner: Without Joan, he might have struck out that night.
"Nothing strikes a European traveler in the United States more," wrote Tocqueville, "than the absence of what we would call government or administration.
With Mitchell working the Hill and Dole advising backstage, the firm succeeded in striking out a provision supported by President Clinton that would have allowed more apparel imports from the Caribbean.
But what struck me during the interview is that for all the speculation, nobody really has any idea what she thinks.
FCC (1990), in which the court struck down a ban on dial-a-porn.
The explicit adoption of such a strategy, subversive as it may seem of both the democratic process and deficit reduction, may strike Republicans as irresponsible.
When it comes to the operational side of the CIA's work--mostly the recruitment of agents in place--it is certainly more difficult to strike just the right tone with a foreign diplomat or functionary without a broader background than can be gained in Salt Lake City or Dayton.
Returning to my childhood Catholic parish for Easter Mass a couple of years ago, I was struck by the thought that the service (a term never applied to Catholic worship in my altar boy days in the early 1960s) would have scandalized past pastors.
Iwas also struck by my observation of him at the first meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Policy, shortly after the inauguration.
But what's especially striking is the way in which the evolution of his books--from engineering to management to theories of change--tracks his evolution as a public figure.
The paper is struck by how far Gates' behavior is from "the usual cautious demeanor of business leaders visiting Washington," and finds him "roaring with indignation and disdain for those who question his business practices."
Such paintings, along with the swirling Céret landscapes, struck collectors of the 1920s as "naive," just the sort of unschooled stuff you'd expect from a Slavic child of the shtetl . The critic Waldemar George wrote in 1928, "Is this not the art of an exile, or even a savage?"
Some of his more specific suggestions strike me as less than helpful.
Then disaster struck, struck, and struck again.
) It runs advertisements for its supporters at the top of shows and strikes business deals with MCI, TCI, and Disney, but still insists it's not commercial.
Nor does she trust our competence to manage unfettered communication: "E-mail makes it too easy to forward messages, too easy to reply before your temper cools, too easy to broadcast messages to large numbers of people without thinking about how every sentence will strike every recipient."
I was repeatedly struck by how unlike these Cartier creations are to modern rhinestone jewelry, or even to modern precious jewelry.
You can see the ideal in the Gap ads: A T-shirt and denim pants just sit there, until a supple person slides into them and strikes a cool pose.
He strikes poses reminiscent of Steve McQueen and Clint Eastwood, but his tiny smile lets you know he's having a blast, and he seems more human than all his American action models put together.
I'd strike into its hide with avenging steel
In his opening remarks for Eyes of the Nation: A Visual History of the United States , Librarian of Congress James H. Billington strikes a fondly nationalistic note: "What makes the American narrative unique is the ability we have displayed time and again to remedy our mistakes, to adjust to changing circumstances, to debate and then move on in directions that seem better for all."
As I mentioned in my original article, I think the CDA would probably be struck down, but my guess is that some form of self-rating requirement would probably be upheld.
What struck me most, however, was how this little folk tale of inaccurate reporting of events illustrates a dilemma of modern life.
The deal is struck and creates a new kind of marriage--or so they hope.
This was a note K used to strike a lot in the 1980s, and he's glad he doesn't have to strike it anymore.
I struck up a conversation with her and was greatly annoyed when one of my friends insisted I interrupt the conversation to go have a word with him.
The woodblock prints of the late 18 th century adopt technicolored effects drawn from many different traditions, including Western perspective--which struck Japanese artists as a tricky and artificial set of rules.
2) Don't be silly, crime has declined in New York, this was an exceptional incident, and you're more likely to be struck by lightning.
The first time I saw Affliction , it struck me as both arid and pretentious; the second, arriving with no narrative expectations, I found myself more tolerant of the pacing and more drawn in by the performances.
Confidential (1997) and gave Gibson one of his wildest roles ever in his script for Conspiracy Theory (1997)--which the actor hit out of the park, striking a note of authentic paranoia that put him leagues ahead of most action stars.
President Clinton, the paper reports, is making a rare congressional working visit to plump for his party's bill, which unlike the GOP alternative, would strike down a 25-year-old ban against patients suing their health plans.
It also says that President Clinton "personally chose the bombing site [in Sudan] . . . declining to strike any other among a larger set of targets presented to him by military planners."
But this is not a man who strikes me--either in interviews or on the big screen--as being at home with words.
The state seal shows a farmer and a seaman and a moose, who seems faintly disapproving of the lifestyle of the farmer and the seaman, which strikes me as impertinent coming from a ruminant.
They don't believe communism's defeat ended America's global obligations: The United States should still strike boldly against authoritarian oppressors.
It strikes this conservative African-American as bordering on liberal racism for Jacob Weisberg to ask, as he does in this response to Watts' press secretary, if Rep.
A bomb struck a hospital, the Libyan Embassy, and the homes of several European ambassadors, killing four people.
What struck me was that the hem of her slip was lace.
The American Medical Association voted to form a union to negotiate for better wages and working conditions but promised never to strike.
Both abandoned New England for West Texas to strike it rich.
"Like Lady Di," it said, "fate struck because, according to one of those Elizabethan poets of whom President Kennedy always kept a quotation in reserve [not Elizabethan actually: James Shirley, 1596-1666], 'There is no armor against fate;/ Death lays his icy hand on kings.
Essential service providers who are forbidden to strike are expected to come down with "white flu" on Tuesday.
Your advice to "" struck me as amazing.
Some leads so deftly encapsulate the article to follow that the reader instantly knows he'd sooner be struck blind than read on.
The cable TV industry struck the fatal blow.
Allen struck gold when he cast Morton, however.
"French handyman" strikes my American ears as oxymoronically as "American intellectual" probably strikes French ones.
But yesterday, reports the Times , the Supremes struck down Colorado's laws requiring that circulators of initiative petitions be registered to vote in the state and wear identifying badges, and have their name, address and pay on file.
(It's illegal for them to actually strike.)
It strikes me, by the way, that you have given yourself the heads-I-win-tails-you-lose position.
Maybe ER's money made her modestly hypocritical in preaching against the greed and privilege of others, but it strikes me as unfair to seize on this as a reason to disqualify her as having done any good.
The shock was severe enough to strike her dumb, and she was committed to a London hospital.
It suddenly struck me that, in all the years I have read and admired VERBATIM, I cannot recall an article on the language of public speaking--or, if the reader insists, oratory.
It was last struck for currency use in 1855.
I had lived in Greece for more than two decades and was aware of the many English words also at home there; but now, I was struck not just by the large number but by their use in official Greek.
As already mentioned, English is relatively sterile when it comes to diacritical marks; true gold can best be struck in foreign fields, where the accent grave, accent aigu , and the circonflexe .
(The over-fifties team for which I play is the Hot Irons: we strike while the iron's hot and also play golf.)
The billiard balls are in such and such positions on the billiard table, the cue is moved with such and such velocity and strikes a given ball in such and such a position with such and such velocity.
At 9:03:11, United Airlines Flight 175 struck the South Tower of the World Trade Center.
At 9:42, the Command Center learned from news reports that a plane had struck the Pentagon.
9 The Pentagon had been struck; the White House or the Capitol had narrowly escaped direct attack.
Looking back, we are struck with the narrow and unimaginative menu of options for action offered to both President Clinton and President Bush.
The decision not to strike in May 1999 may now seem hard to understand.
An individual named Khalid al Masri approached Binalshibh and Shehhi (because they were Arabs with beards, Binalshibh thinks) and struck up a conversation about jihad in Chechnya.
If Atta could not strike the World Trade Center, he planned to crash his aircraft directly into the streets of New York.
The departure from the null model is particularly striking for the LSU rRNA, suggesting that the introns in this gene are more strongly clustered than in the SSU rRNA (see Fig.
If Congress "would not have enacted those provisions which are within its power, independently of that which is not," then courts must strike the provisions as a piece.
Performance measurement systems must take these competing interests into account and create incentives for managers to strike the difficult balance among competing demands.
British Admiral Rodney, with 37 ships and a crucial superiority in cannon (3,012 to 2,246 French), struck off Les Saintes.
Its factories feature the latest generation of industrial robots that don’t eat, don’t sleep, and never strike.
Florence’s greatest artists, Michelangelo at their head, came to gaze and marvel, sketching Masaccio’s trail-blazing use of light and visual depth as instruments of emotional impact, particularly striking in the broad sweep of his St. Peter Paying the Tribute Money.
Among the many impressive skyscrapers, one of the most striking is the 35-story Dayabumi Complex (1970), southeast of Dataran Merdeka.
First came Poseidon, who struck the rock of the Acropolis with his mighty trident and brought salt water gushing forth.
Recent earthquakes — one in San Francisco in 1989 and another that hit Los Angeles in 1994 — have served as reminders that Californians continue to live in the shadow of The Big One — the major earthquake that experts predict will strike in the next 30 years.
You’ll be struck by the imagination, life, and color of the Tang wall paintings.
Most exciting of its varied collections is a display of photographs showing island scenes from before the devastating 1956 earthquake — the last major one to strike the island.
As you might expect, the plant's work force has been struck with all kinds of cancer.
I was particularly struck by Connie Bruck's The Predator's Ball about this time period, which I liked because of just what you were talking about.
According to the report, 700 to 800 people die every year in boat-related fatalities (which, significantly, do not include drownings and other water-related deaths by people who go out on boats, unless the boat itself is somehow responsible--as would be the case, for instance, if someone died from falling off a boat rather than dying during a deliberately planned swim or scuba dive; though if, during a deliberately planned swim or scuba dive, someone were struck by a boat propeller and killed, that would count as a boat-related fatality).
Another aspect of Disney's involvement that struck me was that while they were very good at the architectural/scenographic aspects of creating Celebration-as one would expect, and it is a beautiful place-when it came to education, they seemed out of their depth.
Despite lapses like these, Once and Again strikes Culturebox as the first show to make an attempt to capture divorce as it is lived today.
A NYT piece reports that a 5 feet, 5 inches, 125-pound woman hopes to strike a blow for feminism by fighting a male lightweight in boxing's officially sanctioned first intergender bout.
The thing that struck me particularly in this regard was Healtheon's IPO.
In Texas, where race-based admissions at the University of Texas were struck down by the courts in 1996, the state guaranteed admission to the top 10 percent of each public high school--and black admissions at UT rebounded.
I was struck by this a decade or so ago when I was in Prague, then still under Communist rule, where I had been invited to give a few lectures to some Party institutes about technology.
The other Monica thing that struck me is this crazy immunity agreement she struck with Starr.
Only the Wall Street Journal gives much high exposure to strike pessimism: its front-page news digest UPS item, after noting the progress, adds that "both sides indicated they are prepared to escalate the conflict if a deal isn't reached soon."
Similarly, it has struck me that my other child might benefit from more writing of paragraphs and less discussion of "rubrics" and "hamburger model graphic organizers" in her writing periods.
Under McLaren's reading of international law, a treaty must be struck between sovereign nations prior to annexation.
As federal employees, postal workers are not allowed to strike and, if a negotiated settlement cannot be reached, contractual disputes are resolved by binding arbitration.
The mags agree that Monica Lewinsky's new lawyers will be more discreet than William Ginsburg and are more likely to strike an immunity deal with Kenneth Starr.
President Clinton and congressional Republicans struck a budget deal . Clinton had demanded tax cuts for the working poor (as well as for the middle class), while the GOP had demanded tax cuts for the upper-middle class, and congressional Democrats had demanded more spending for their pet programs.
Marine jet that killed 20 people in Italy by snapping a ski lift cable nearly struck the ski gondola in which they were riding, according to testimony in a military justice hearing.
His appeal aims to strike the balance of people politics, community, and patriotism that was Tejeda's hallmark through his years in office.
"Clearly, we've got to strike the head," said Sam Donaldson on This Week . "[Saddam] must go," said Margaret Carlson on CNN's Capital Gang . "Extend the no-fly zone," said David Gergen.
Not that there's anything wrong with lawyers; some of my best friends are lawyers: Lapsed lawyer Stuart Taylor ( Inside Washington ) on cover-ups and obstruction of justice: "Lawyers do things every day that would strike the average American as a cover-up."
"We will have to strike his [Saddam's] 'palaces,' military installations, and also civilian infrastructures, from bridges to power stations," he was quoted as saying.
Financial panic struck Russia last week, the Moscow Times reports, after financier George Soros called, in a letter to London's Financial Times , for Russia to set up a currency board and proposed a 15 percent to 20 percent ruble devaluation.
The NYT lead is about how Newt Gingrich struck the UN and IMF fundings from a bill to hold them hostage until conservative members can get progress on an unrelated issue--tightening further the current rules against abortion-related uses of federal money.
(Union advocates give Carey special credit for picking an opportune moment to strike: The booming economy means that UPS is losing $35 million a day during the strike, and the tight labor market will make it difficult for the company to find replacement workers.)
In fact, everything I can see suggests that the big boys really were naive--that, star struck by LTCM's charismatic leader and his prestigious team, they failed to ask even the simplest questions (such as, "How much money have you borrowed from other people?"
He struck an instant pose as the Web's troubadour and great defender, simultaneously promoting it to outsiders and protecting it from arrivistes like Slate, which launched five months later.
Starting early next week, Michael Lewis' "Millionerds" column will join Chatterbox, The Breakfast Table, and other Slate features that post constantly but irregularly, whenever the author(s) are struck with an insight or acquire a nice tidbit of info.
This might well strike the justices as being more like a stick than a carrot, making the choice not "voluntary" at all.
In fact, what will strike most people when they finally get their hands on Brill's Content is how boring it is.
It was as if he had been struck by a hail of red Kryptonite and instantly become the Bizarro candidate, immensely strong, yet unable to prevail against the backward-beating current.
So long as minorities strike a pose of diasporan dispossession, they give tacit approval to a notion of "prior" Americanness that excludes them.
Or, perhaps most striking of all, consider a set piece in which Reich speaks to the National Association of Manufacturers.
On picking up Washington's first inaugural, one is immediately struck by the modesty.
Hilfiger knew he had struck gold when he noticed black kids mixing the preppy look with sports gear on the street.
Roe struck down abortion laws in part on the grounds that they interfered with doctors' professional judgment.
The WP reports that accident investigators found that the Marine jet was flying too low--only 300 to 400 feet when it was supposed to be at 2,000-- and too fast--more than 100 miles per hour over the prescribed limit for the route--when it struck that Italian cable car wire.
What is most striking about The Life of Nelson A. Rockefeller: Worlds to Conquer 1908-1958 (the first of a projected two volumes), though, is that this duality--the push to achieve wed to a penchant for flamboyant failure; the ability to win a passionate following yet alienate the people who could keep him in power--was evident well before he thought about running for public office.
The real question is how to strike an appropriate balance among the often conflicting values of truth on the one hand and considerations such as privacy and equality on the other.
Bunt, struck by a belated attachment to his native Hong Kong, falls in love with an employee named Mei-ping.
To reread Grisham--in particular, recent Grisham--is to be struck by how completely he is devoting his celebrity to the articulation of a passionate and decidedly unfashionable liberalism.
There's Pete Marino, a bigoted and emotionally stunted cop who eats and drinks too much, and Benton Wesley, an older WASP FBI profiler with whom she eventually strikes up an affair.
Striking green, yellow, and purple may appear, and sober brown and navy, too, giving the impression for a few minutes that modish black is over; but it never is--it's just waiting.
yadda . Adults have always been struck by how much teen-age communication can seemingly be accomplished by emitting one of perhaps half a dozen subverbal phonemes, and it will be instructive to watch as something along these same lines spreads to the general population.
So why does he still strike me as a less than formidable opponent?
When Lundgren struck, Lee would duck the blow, counterattack with a fast low kick, and retreat.
No one has as much club speed, and when he strikes a ball, it whistles, rockets out into space on a line and then, astonishingly, rises, as though hitting another gear, some kind of warp drive, before parachuting to Earth uncannily close to where Woods wants it to go.
My girlfriend was attempting to find a book for a Christmas present and had struck out at about half a dozen bookstores around Manhattan.
While reading "Allen Ginsberg's Secret," by Paul Berman, regarding the poet's confession of altering a poem Norman Podhoretz had submitted to the Columbia Review , I was struck by a dark thought: What if Allen Ginsberg and Norman Podhoretz were the same person?
Those who endured it (I felt caged, which might have been Kopple's intent) saw the celebrity polite but frozen-faced as star struck well-wishers attempted to make conversation with him, then moaning that he wished he could be back in his New York apartment or editing room.
But simply listing a set of criteria is neither a justification for expanding them nor an argument against striking a few.
The Israeli paper Ha'aretz says if the United States had struck against Iraq, it would have spelled disaster for President Clinton's visit to the Gaza Strip next month.
The conventional wisdom says if Clinton fails to strike a censure deal with Senate Democrats and Republicans, they might vote to convict him.
To my knowledge, Friedman's proposal has never struck anyone as fair, but at least it gets the incentives right.
The illness that strikes her down could be viewed as vengeance for a profoundly unnatural existence.
(See"," for why pilots can't strike.)
The New York Times leads with Iran's test-firing of a missile with a range sufficient to strike Israel, Saudi Arabia, and most of Turkey--a story nobody else has on the front page.
Squirming, I would direct him to eliminate an adjective and then Schiff, after a respectful beat, would strike the other.
Cracking Mastering Linux open, I was struck by its similarity to motorcycle manuals.
The New York Times reported that the Pentagon had warned the administration that "Milosevic was likely to strike out viciously against Kosovo Albanians."
Most critics like this "surprisingly genial and affecting comedy about the trials and tribulations of teenage rebellion during the Reagan '80s" (Jami Bernard, Daily News ). The title refers to two Salt Lake City punks whose tentative attempts at rebellion are more funny and halfhearted than seriously anarchistic: It's "an absurdist coming-of-age comedy" that's "better defined by its polish than by punk trappings" (Maslin, New York Times ). Some are not impressed with the film's watered down rebellion: "[T]his energetic but poorly structured, rather self-congratulatory look at spike-haired rebelliousness in mid-'80s Utah could strike unbiased viewers as more grating than gratifying," and the film "doesn't quite grasp how its slick, flashy package undermines any actual punk cred" it might have (Dennis Harvey, Variety ). (Brush up on your own punk cred by seeing how many of these bands you know.)
In the interview, he cited the example of Israel as a country that has struck outside its borders when attacked.
The first thing that will strike you is that George Lucas, who wrote and directed the movie, has forgotten how to write and direct a movie.
Last week, the Alabama Senate voted to repeal the state's constitutional prohibition against interracial marriage, 32 years after the Supreme Court struck down Virginia's similar ban.
To sidestep this complaint, AMA officials promised never to strike (though Dickey conceded doctors might resist bad employers by "being a little slow in completing some of the paperwork" required by HMOs) and avoided the word "union," instead calling their proposed alliance "an affiliated labor organization."
) Despite the winning combination of Will Smith and director Barry Sonnenfeld, who struck gold together with 1997's Men in Black , critics say the cast can't overcome the horrendous script.
But it's a difficult balance to strike when it's common for Americans to eat double the protein we need, with 70 percent of it coming from animal sources.
With the Web, you can strike at them surgically.
I covered the speech and was struck by how thoughtful Foley was, what a skilled orator he was, and quite frankly, how thin he'd become over the past few months.
On Halloween, kids are four times as likely to be fatally struck by a car.
As I watched American Movie , a lot of it struck me as untranscendent misery.
"The residents of the Golan were sent to build their homes opposite Syria with the concurrence of every government since 1967, and the roots they struck in the basalt soil are deeper than those of the settlers in Judea and Samaria," the paper said.
The bill, explains the paper, is designed to be narrow enough to withstand the court scrutiny that struck down a 1996 predecessor.
They are not limited any more to attacking whatever Iraqi assets attack them, but may also strike at any part of the Iraqi air defense network that's endangering their missions.
USA Today leads with the acquittal of Marine pilot Richard Ashby in connection with the deaths of 20 people that occurred when the airplane he was piloting struck an Italian ski lift in 1998.
Watching a C-SPAN replay last night of President Clinton's press conference (click here to watch it; click here to read a transcript), Chatterbox was struck by the chief executive's comfort and ease.
Where ellipses occur, I have not bothered to copy down the entire list of offerings, selecting only those that struck me as odd, either because of the incongruity of the choice or because I could not, in the wildest flights of dyslexic, schizophrenic-fancy, imagine the criteria employed in arriving at the selections.
Thus, when uttered by an actor whose thumb has just been struck by a hammer or who has suffered some frustration or other outrage, any of several four-letter words seem as natural as in real life.
This nom de plume, as is known, means `Peace Be Upon You' and it strikes us as absurd to see him referred to as “Be Upon You” or Mr. “Upon You.”
None of these rather charming locutions is represented orthographically (in government documents and the like), yet one prevalent curiosity has always struck me, namely the dropping of the final g from participles.
May I offer a few reflections on various matters that struck me while browsing through XXII, 1?
He was so struck by her appearance that he observed to his assistant that the old lady was like a little grockle.
Eventually, women would be rendered politically equal and receive the franchise; eventually, the schools would be integrated and the laws against mixed marriages would, with a sense of shame that they ever existed, be struck down.
The water-filled bucket has now rested, silent and waiting, until the cannonball strikes the paddle wheel, whereupon the wheel spins, the red rope winds up, pulling the water-filled bucket up the well, up against the axle, which tilts the bucket over  you will have to imagine this part  and pours the water into a long funnel that slopes down from the wellhead toward my bean field.
In summary, NEADS received notice of the hijacking nine minutes before it struck the North Tower.
When they learned a second plane had struck the World Trade Center, nearly everyone in the White House told us, they immediately knew it was not an accident.
As a former pilot, the President was struck by the apparent sophistication of the operation and some of the piloting, especially Hanjour's high-speed dive into the Pentagon.
Considerable debate went to the question of whether to strike targets outside of Afghanistan, including two facilities in Sudan.
He maintains that he and Yousef began thinking about using aircraft as weapons while working on the Manila air/Bojinka plot, and speculated about striking the World Trade Center and CIA headquarters as early as 1995.
In addition, during the month following Hazmi's departure from San Diego, he emailed his housemate three times, including a January 2001 email that Hazmi signed "Smer," an apparent attempt to conceal his identity that struck the housemate as strange at the time.
Once the plane struck, they were prevented from descending because of damage to or impassable conditions in the building's three stairwells.
It is striking that the CAA UAG CAA UUA sequence directs a high readthrough in several very different eukaryotes.
Left to decide what part of the 1996 Act to strike as invalid, the court concluded that congressional intent regarding severability was unclear.
The Great Famine struck in 1845 with a blight on the staple food of the poor, the potato.
Attempting to regain the Sinai and the Golan, Egypt and Syria struck back at Israel in 1973, on the holiest day of the Jewish year, Yom Kippur.
While Greek night may strike some visitors as contrived, it is nonetheless an opportunity to see a local art form.
However, legend says that, just as the executioner raised his sword, a lightning bolt struck and broke it in two.
With the candlelit churches crowded with worshippers, a monstrous earthquake struck, followed by fast-spreading fires and a devastating tidal wave that swept over the Algarve inland as far as 6.5 km (4 miles).
Marks on the ground in the porch area suggest that this building was once struck by lightning.
A year later, gold was struck in the Klondike, opening up the Yukon to 100,000 panhandlers and camp followers.
A leading theory for many years was that natural disaster struck the island in the wake of the volcanic explosion on the island of Thíra (Santorini), due north of Crete, bringing a maelstrom of tidal waves, earthquakes, and fire storms.
Imagine the respectful tone the Times would have struck if, say, Erskine Bowles had been hauled before the grand jury.
(Colburn struck me as one mean SOB.)
(Perhaps inspiration will strike later this week.)
1. "Today was the day when the dreaded 9/9/99 bug was supposed to strike and mess up computers everywhere.
I mean, God would strike me dead if I voted Republican.
Over time, however, as the power of authoritative institutions waned--church, state, even family--I was increasingly struck by the reality that while many have handled their "moral freedom" responsibly, many others have used lack of external constraints to exploit and prey on others--personally, financially, sexually, violently, etc.
The language news today is big: Quebec Superior Court Judge Danielle Cote has struck down as unconstitutional a section of the language law, la Loi 101 , that requires French to be predominant on commercial signs.
Bush has all but admitted cocaine use (or admitted that it would be a bad idea to admit it, which strikes me as roughly the same thing), and nobody apart from Gary Bauer has thrown a fit.
I imagine Magnolia will get widely divergent reviews (I know of one national critic who has put it on his "10 worst" list), but I thought it struck the right note to close this season of invention.
The New York Times and Los Angeles Times lead with the agreement that New Jersey struck Wednesday with the Dept. of Justice that's designed to ensure that the state's highway police stop using race as a factor in making traffic stops.
And the Times is aware of how sadly routine such events have become, referring to the episode's "familiar agony," and reporting that "fifteen suicide bombers have struck in Israel over the last three and a half years, killing at least 140 people and wounding hundreds."
The Internet economy is a more contemporary example of this phenomenon: Surely most people trying to strike it rich in this gold rush will fail, but right now their buoyant optimism is keeping the stock market high and making America wealthier.
When Iris DeMent, the most striking of these singers, addresses the death of her father in "," the effect is immediate and direct.
The relationship it describes may strike many as exploitative or ugly for other reasons, but it is not illegal.
The cancer hoopla allows the newsweeklies to strike a favorite pose: pretending to preach caution while actually hyping madly.
The Supreme Court struck down a Georgia law requiring drug tests for political candidates . The court ruled 8-to-1 that the urine tests were an unreasonable search under the Fourth Amendment because: 1) there's no evidence of a drug problem among Georgia politicians and 2) the law was designed to be symbolic rather than effective (e.g.
Tyson Foods struck a plea deal with independent counsel Donald Smaltz in the investigation of former Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy.
Mom's still smiling, struck by the warmth and familiarity of this scene--and, the ad makers hope, she's still turning up the dials and buying up the Tylenol.
The setting, however, strikes a coyly sultry note.
Steve Roberts reports that the tobacco agreement is being marketed as a protect-the-kids bill (PBS's Washington Week in Review ). This strikes Charles Krauthammer ( Inside Washington ) as disgustingly hypocritical, because the original deal--accepted by the tobacco CEOs--contains the same underage smoking preventive measures as the Senate's.
In Britain, the Times reported on its front page how a little boy in Yorkshire had been struck across the face by a department-store Santa Claus after questioning his legitimacy, claiming to have seen another Santa Claus in another department store only a short time beforehand.
Al-Quds said the United States hasn't come close to striking a middle ground between Israeli and Palestinian positions on Israeli withdrawals from the West Bank; Al-Ayyam accused it of "imposing the Israeli position on us, wrapped in shiny American wrapping paper."
Both the NYT and the WP are struck by the difference between Woodward's hysterical reaction to the original verdict and her poker-faced demeanor yesterday.
He didn't mention this when he struck his headline-grabbing stance.
Cloning is less personal than cuckoldry, but it strikes a similar chord: Someone has got the reproductive edge on you.
It struck me this morning that you can see water from every window of the cottage.
We invited Gertrude Himmelfarb, the historian, to exchange e-mail for a week with journalist Andrew Sullivan about whatever struck them as interesting in the news that day.
If Verner, Liipfert's lawyers are good--and they are at least well connected--they will strike a better bargain for their clients than the clients would otherwise have got.
The fact that voters can and do reject incumbents will strike them as an epiphany.
Denver Consortium followed the same pattern: It struck down a restriction on indecent speech because there were other effective alternatives available; but it suggested that such a restriction might be constitutional if it were, in fact, the only effective way to shield children.
And the presumption that Chinese-Americans are merely Chinese people who happen to be in America, who could just as easily be in Indonesia or Malaysia, strikes me as fallacious, even dangerous.
The article, titled "The Equity Premium Puzzle," asks a question that should strike joy in the hearts of stock-market investors.
Spock, the American Journal of Public Health marveled, "has succeeded to an amazing degree in striking a middle ground in his advice."
More recently, I have been struck by the smoking.
The technology for castration has evolved considerably, and there is evidence that, in some circumstances, it can dramatically reduce the likelihood a sex offender will strike again.
The California Highway Patrol says Sprewell's Mercedes was traveling at "high speed" when it struck sand barrel obstacles, hit a wall and then collided with another car.
An alarm clock on the washstand is set forever at 5 o'clock as though to mark this epiphany, when the white light struck the woman's breast just so.
Not an airtight argument (all anti-discrimination laws pick and choose among protected classes), but a cleverly textualist one--and one that seems to have helped convince a majority of the court to strike down the amendment, despite a lack of helpful precedent.
Maybe it's the unusual non-mustiness of Lee's approach, but I was struck by the number of current concerns that Woolf's life anticipates.
The novel strikes a creative balance between Morrison's affection for magical reality and the need to tell a straightforward story of small-town pettiness, jealousies, and affections.
He does this by striking a tough guy pose throughout, a pose that fails to hide his sense of physical inadequacy, which he blames on his Jewishness:
I was immediately struck by the benign, pastel tonality of the clothed population; there seemed to be a large consensual flight from the color black, that famous hue of communal refusal.
But I am struck most by a commentary that appeared in the Mexican weekly Etcétera , under the byline Gilberto Guevara Niebla--no relation to Che himself, yet a figure of great importance in the revolutionary history of the 1960s.
That would have been all, folks, were Louis not a complete schmuck who capriciously drains the kingdom's coffers with foreign wars, starves a lot of smudgy faced extras (who hurl rotten fruit at his guards), and falls on whatever beauteous wench strikes his royal fancy.
It's called wing-rowing, the wing-burdened armsunbending, yielding, striking a balance,walking the white invisible line drawnjust ahead in the air, first sign the slur,
Visually, there are just more sparks to strike after the invention of the camera and the flowering of modern advertising.
At the same time, I am struck by what I find to be considerable conceptual confusion as well as an absence of fundamental analysis based on solid biology and sociology.
Angry, sarcastic, or tongue-in-cheek responses are most likely to be struck from the record.
A hearty thanks to Seth Stevenson for his piece "An Innocent Romance," which is another blow struck for sanity in this war against Starr's sinister attempt to manipulate our emotions.
This was a note K used to strike a lot in the 1980s, and he's glad he doesn't have to strike it anymore.
The last paragraph of the Nov. 9 "Today's Papers" struck a discordant note with us.
His opening lines strike one of the main themes of the day: bald-faced flattery of the Senate.
The latest graphic novel from the author of the acclaimed Julius Knipl, Real Estate Photographer comic strip is praised as "not only something to read but to ponder--an object nearly as strange and striking as the story it contains" (J.
It will strike many as a demotion devoutly to be wished.
Thursday, Turkey unleashed planes, helicopters, and thousands of troops against Ocalan's forces in northern Iraq, reportedly "to strike a decisive blow" against the now-leaderless rebels.
USAT explains that the Saturn strike authorization--voted for by 96 percent of the 5,000 workers who cast ballots--means that the plant could be struck with five day's notice.
Do Picasso's "blue period" paintings really strike one as "hot" and "temperamental"?
In Britain, the conservative tabloid the Daily Mail called on NATO "to strike relentlessly and hard"; the conservative Daily Telegraph said the alliance should "be prepared to conduct an extended bombing campaign to be followed, as in Bosnia, by the introduction of ground forces"; and the London Evening Standard said it was essential for "all the states involved--including the notoriously short-sighted American administration--to recognise that they must now commit themselves to the long haul, ground troops and all."
In another British liberal paper, the Independent , France was condemned for its initial refusal, subsequently reversed, to accept any refugees, with reference to the "similar attitude struck during the Bosnian war," and Germany was attacked for "drastically reducing the numbers it had been expected to take."
The fact that Dowd was struck dumb by this question has been used against her.
This the playwright ceded to Morton, the coldhearted Establishment lawyer who unexpectedly throws himself into an anti-establishment cause--and who Northam plays (brilliantly) as an alert snake increasingly unsure of where to strike.
The Supreme Court struck down two-tiered welfare benefits.
What seems to have struck the East Coast only recently is that the Internet is making a smaller subset of all humankind--people who start Internet-related companies or join them before they go public--incredibly wealthy.
The Economic Times of India struck a contrary note, however, when it pointed out, "[A]s with all loan write-offs, the move is unfair to those nations that have repaid their loans."
Terence Blanchard's music strikes the same note of mournful counterpoint again and again, and the picture teems with conscious and unconscious echoes of Mean Streets (1973) and Taxi Driver (1976); it could have been called Summer of Scorsese . A sequence of punk thrashing and shooting-up set to The Who's "Baba O'Riley" brings the narrative to an embarrassing halt: It's just Spike flexing his cinematic muscles, showing how much montage he can bench press.
Ehud Barak pledged to strike peace deals with Syria and the Palestinians within 15 months.
-- Has the Frugal Gourmet struck you as just a little paranoid lately?
He was struck during the same emergency aid drop that caused a 3-year-old boy to have his leg amputated.
"As you progress down the evil path, you have to do things that are more and more distasteful, from blasphemy to striking a praying angel.
Has Rage Against the Machine finally struck a balance between political preaching and guitar-heavy rap-rock fusion?
Guaranteed admission has restored minority enrollments at Texas' Austin campus, for example, to levels not seen since 1996, when a federal court struck down the state's affirmative action program.
Sometimes, for fun, I open it just as she is about to strike again and she goes flying across the kitchen floor like a vaudeville comedian in a skit, crashing into the opposite wall.
That egomaniacal touch somehow didn't strike the sportsoids at the NYT and LAT as like, completely wacked.
Tragically, a truck driver was killed when the airborne heifer smashed through the windshield of his vehicle and struck him in the head.
But it strikes me that I have in you a tremendous resource: instead of wondering what it is conservatives can possibly be thinking when they say or do something I don't understand at all, I can ask you!
The guerrilla warfare of manners that Eleanor waged--showing up in public with Mary McLeod Bethune and Walter White, turning the White House into a place where black people were routinely seen coming in and going out the front door--may have been the most effective way to strike against racism at a time of severely limited options.
As a speaker of AE sojourning for several months each year in Britain during the past twenty years, I have been struck by the creeping changes I have perceived in the RP pronunciation of some ordinary words (controversy, disciplinary) and of proper names: news-readers on BBC Radio 4 and World Service tend to stress Afghanistan and Khomeini on the last syllable where formerly one heard it stressed on the sound.
Having had the opportunity to sift through so many American place names in a relatively short span, those of us who edited the Omni Gazetteer were particularly struck by the great diversity in American naming practices, and what it suggests about the various eras and cultures that were a part of the settlement of the country.
Scimminger was the name for a counterfeit coin, while Bargain Pence was earnest money, a low-value coin given on striking a bargain, making a deal at a market, or in similar circumstances.
E.A. Livingston's communication [XXI, 3] certainly struck a responsive chord in me.
We are struck by the insight that the pleurmalion relates to the lost prism as the biblical rib to a woman, bringing it (her) into view and thus to hand.
7 It invoked the constitutional “right to life” to strike down a liberal abortion law that permitted abortion on demand in the first trimester.
Once struck by the cannonball, the paddle wheel is set to spinning.
American 11 struck the NorthTower at 8:46.
At the White House, Vice President Dick Cheney had just sat down for a meeting when his assistant told him to turn on his television because a plane had struck the NorthTower of the World Trade Center.
The President wanted the United States to strike the Taliban, step back, wait to see if they got the message, and hit them hard if they did not.
In his State of the Union message in January 1995, President Clinton promised "comprehensive legislation to strengthen our hand in combating terrorists, whether they strike at home or abroad."
Hambali's newfound interest in striking against the United States manifested itself in a spate of terrorist plans.
Bayoumi heard Hazmi and Mihdhar speaking in what he recognized to be Gulf Arabic and struck up a conversation.
At least one NYPD officer from this area managed to evacuate out toward 5 WTC, where he teamed up with a Port Authority police officer and acted as a spotter in advising the civilians who were still exiting when they could safely run from 1 WTC to 5 WTC and avoid being struck by people and debris falling from the upper floors.
Most striking was the overproliferation of outer nuclear/endoplasmic reticulum (ER) membranes.
To strike the restriction on welfare benefits suits is to void §504(a)(16) altogether.
Supreme Court decision last year that struck down on First Amendment grounds a law that limited what lawyers could argue when representing clients in welfare cases.
So it is not surprising that when bubonic plague struck in 1894, it took nearly 30 years to fully eradicate it.
However, the failure of many to withstand the powerful 1995 Hanshin earthquake that struck the Kobe area exposed the inadequacy of many construction methods and standards.
The oldest most striking of the Byzantine monuments, in the northern corner of the city center, is the fifth-century Mausoleum of Galla Placidia.
Portugal’s greatest misfortune struck on All Saint’s Day, 1 November 1755.
As she struck the rock an olive tree appeared, which proved more useful and valuable.
Thus the mountains are riddled with old mines and exploratory shafts, but only a few of the miners struck paydirt.
The Tang Dynasty Rock Inscriptions (Moyabei) were struck in large gold-foil characters to record Emperor Xuanzong’s imperial pilgrimage in the year 726.
