(Chatterbox would prefer not to invoke the phrase "intellectual dishonesty," because it's pompous and falsely suggests that only intellectuals can be intellectually dishonest.
Donaldson suggests that on 60 Minutes Clinton had admitted to infidelity.
Many a raucous snigger has been sniggered from the pure-minded use of a word that suggests unmentionable parts of the human body.
Warburton's use: “sandbanks intercept the stream, which finally splits into narow water-courses and spreads itself over the plains, and so it ends as a creek” suggests a somewhat more complex relation between the two words.
Namma-holes have been variously described; to Carnegie they are depressions on the surface of rocks, often with a rounded bottom, where stones are often found, suggesting that the stones have something to do with the formation of the holes.
In Thomas Hardy's The Hand of Ethelberta , it is suggested by Ethelberta that she and some others go to see Milton's tomb in Cripplegate church.
Miles suggests that such domination is a recent phenomenon—only a couple of thousand years old—for she points to the clear superiority of women in (primitive) religions and matriarchies, right on through to the Egyptian dynastic rulers.
At one point, she gets so carried away with her thesis that she suggests that females were responsible not only for all of human evolutionary biology but for the very notion of counting (in order to keep track of menstruation) and, probably by the same token, astronomy.
As Luke was a Greek, Campbell suggested that Mary was a carryover from the paganism of the ancient Greek pantheon.
That is not entirely true, for linguists know too much about language to suggest that there ever was, literally, a single language from which all Indo-European languages descended.
It also has a few neat features, like suggesting a few alternatives if you happen to think that preceding is spelt “preceeding” (as many people do).
This is not to suggest that Dickson's book is a catalogue of bloopers, or what Amsel Greene (and Jack Smith) like to call pullet surprises .
The authors have provided a brief introduction which is easy to follow, a list of suggested readings, and the names and addresses of the several institutions and societies in Britain where readers may indulge a more intensive interest in dialect study.
Indeed, a phylogenetic analysis of the envelope protein of these elements reported by Malik et al [ 23] suggests that they are derived from a monophyletic event that resulted from their incorporation of a baculovirus envelope protein gene in an ancestral member of these retrovirus-like elements.
[ 5 ] suggested that the increase in portal blood flow might be the only change required to explain the meal effect.
Our work on apparel supplier adjustments to lean retailing suggests that an economy characterized by an increasing level of modern manufacturing and retailing practices should experience lower levels of inventories relative to sales.
In vivo and in vitro studies of avian osteoclasts led Pederson et al to suggest that modulation of the Ocl response to estrogen may be controlled by alterations in the Ocl estrogen receptor level [ 3].
To suggest that genetic identity between two individuals of differing ages is of any material consequence to their self-identity is the height of hubris.
Still life--the portrayal of familiar inanimate objects--is, as the name suggests, a paradoxical genre.
It is interesting, however, that in an animal model, graded levels of dietary gamma-tocopherol in a diet containing a constant level of alpha-tocopherol were found to increase the levels of alpha-tocopherol in serum and most tissues [ 16 ] . This remarkable result has yet to be reproduced in humans but certainly suggests an interaction between dietary gamma-tocopherol and alpha-tocopherol similar to that reported here on the cellular level.
[ 21 ] ), a growing body of research also suggests that there might be increased vulnerability during the neonatal period [ 15 16 17 ] . The fact that the blood-brain barrier is incomplete [ 34 ] , provides a putative explanation as to why neonates and fetal mice in utero appear to be more sensitive to neurotoxins like domoic acid than adult animals [ 35 36 37 ] . Although microglia contribute to circa 10% of the total glial cell population in the central nervous system (For review see Ref.
This suggests that, in addition to the specific electrostatic regulatory function, the PRC-barrel mediates specific interactions with other molecules through multiple surfaces.
For a man of his intelligence and lifelong habit of writing, such a slip of the pen--or tongue--readily suggests to a psychoanalytically trained eye or ear an ambivalence, if not a mental conflict, about the denial.
Due to the fact we were not aware of any investigations on DBS and mobile phones using other technologies as Universal Mobile Telecommunications System (UMTS) we suggest that patients with DBS should take into account the safety recommendations given above.
America is a road movie that suggests the impossibility of travel; perhaps Brooks conceived of The Muse as a movie about the creative spirit that would subversively suggest the impossibility--at least in Hollywood--of creation.
But the movie's Flynt stops his drug use cold turkey after a 1983 operation to cauterize his nerves, suggesting he had shot up only to alleviate his physical pain.
My 4-year-old-son suggested that we just get Dad a motel room for the holidays and let him deal with room service.
It has been suggested that weight standards be adjusted upwards for age [ 8 ] . Such recommendations remain controversial, however, because the number of studies of older persons is fairly small, and because few studies have examined the relation of BMI to quality of life or years of healthy life (YHL) in the elderly [ 9 ] .
Prudie suggests you tell this new chap you made up a bunch of stuff for a dumb reason and want to set the record straight.
This suggests that there was minimal toxicity associated with the chemopreventive intervention, except in the tamoxifen + 4-HPR group, in which mild toxicity was observed.
The Edinburgh and Lothians Tourist Board produces automobile tours for East Lothian, West Lothian, and Midlothian, with suggested itineraries, opening times, and prices for various sights and attractions.
Black college students and adults increased significantly on an overall mental health factor and showed a greater reduction in self-reported anxiety and neuroticism after one year of TM practice [ 24 ] . Although findings have not been entirely consistent [ 25 ] , improved academic performance has been reported in high school students practicing TM [ 26 ] , and in African American college students practicing a simple meditation process [ 27 ] . In a medium-sized chemical manufacturing company, with employees practicing TM over a six-year period, days lost through illness or injury decreased by 50 per cent and absenteeism declined by 89 per cent [ 28 ] . These findings suggest that examination of the effects of TM on improving school-related behaviors in youth is warranted.
Though various analyses have suggested that Bradley's health-care plan may require more funding than Bradley has yet acknowledged in order to be effective, Bradley has offered a plausible plan to pay for his proposal out of projected budget surpluses.
The primary support for the pelvic organs comes from the pelvic floor muscles [ 1 2 ] . This suggests that an alteration to the levator ani supportive function may significantly contribute to the pathogenesis of PFD [ 3 ] , which affect 5% of younger and nearly 50% of elderly women [ 2 ] . In women, the levator muscles form a horizontal shelf with an anterior midline cleft (the urogenital hiatus) through which the urethra, vagina, and rectum pass.
However, CaM can also interact with group III mGluRs [ 26 28 ] . Recent data suggests that the association of CaM with group III mGluRs is necessary for normal G protein activation [ 27 ] . By analogy to group III mGluRs, the ability of Siah1a to compete with CaM for binding to group I mGluRs was considered a potential mechanism for the actions of Siah1a on group I mGluR-mediated calcium current inhibition.
Recent studies indicate that okadaic acid inhibits nuclear transport mediated by import receptors, importin β and transportin, suggesting that an okadaic acid sensitive phosphatase participates in a mechanism that negatively regulates entire nuclear transport pathways [ 32].
There's politics on both sides of the matter, says the Times : Korean politicians want up-front money to soften what are widely viewed in their country as the bailout's regulatory intrusions, while the Clinton administration has tried to make the U.S. contribution to the deal--estimated to be potentially $5 billion--more palatable by suggesting there's a chance it would never actually be needed.
Other studies, however, suggested that a decrease in cAMP, rather than an increase in IP 3 , mediated bitter transduction.
Just recently, the International Herald Tribune carried an alarming piece in which Henry Tang, a prominent local industrialist and member of Tung's Cabinet, suggested tapping Hong Kong's considerable foreign exchange (some $69 billion in reserves, plus another $22 billion in a special fund from land sales) to develop southern China.
President Clinton suggested that the U.S. military might offer logistical support for an Australian-led peace force.
The evidence that adolescent diet may affect the risk of breast cancer derives from several lines of evidence [ 1 ] . Rates of breast cancer among Asian immigrants to the United States do not approach those of US white women until the second or third generation, suggesting that exposures during childhood and adolescence are important in establishing a higher risk of breast cancer [ 2 3 ] . Norwegian women who were adolescents during World War II, when average caloric intake decreased by 22%, have a reduced incidence of breast cancer, suggesting that energy restriction might affect risk [ 4 ] . Similarly, in animal models, energy restriction in the peripubertal period inhibits mammary tissue proliferation and reduces the subsequent risk of mammary tumors [ 5 6 ] . Exposure of rats to carcinogens before first pregnancy increases the incidence of mammary tumors compared with exposure after first pregnancy [ 7 ] . After differentiation of the mammary gland at the time of first full-term pregnancy of the rat, the rate of cell division decreases and length of the cell cycle increases, allowing more time for DNA repair [ 8 ] . This biologic phenomenon might explain the apparent vulnerability of the adolescent breast tissue to carcinogenic exposures.
Src has also been found to co-immunoprecipitate with the agonist-stimulated β 2 -AR during the period of ERK activation [ 8 ] . Our previous work [ 11 13 ] suggested that a Src-like protein tyrosine kinase was primarily responsible for tyrosine phosphorylation of the δ-OR and ERK activation induced by DTLET when the receptor was expressed in CHO or HEK-293 cells, because both responses were blocked by the presence of 50 μM PP1.
How do you suggest I approach the topic?
We suggest that there is a common defect in trc and fry bristles, laterals and hairs.
Influenced by Elkins, Moynihan suggested that slavery--and the barriers to male employment imposed by Jim Crow--had instilled in African-American culture such recurring features as broken families and illegitimacy.
These observations suggest that the N-terminal-most domain of the SGCs is evolutionarily mobile: it occurs in several distinct contexts with other domains in the same polypeptide, or in a stand-alone form.
In the colon, loss of the type II TGF-β receptor occurs at the late adenoma to carcinoma transition [ 49], suggesting that early premalignant lesions retain TGF-β responsiveness and would be amenable to interventions that enhance TGF-β activity.
In summary, these results suggest that IL-10 is an important regulator of inflammation in vivo . In CIA, a deficiency in IL-10 leads to an increase in disease severity.
The processing of golgin-160 and giantin occurred as early as that for PARP, suggesting that these proteins are cleaved during the onset of apoptosis (data not shown).
Those inhabiting English's linguistic core may find the phrase cloying, but its popularity in finance and sport, and in the English spoken by non-native speakers, suggests that its colonizing power remains robust.
It should be noted that although some mouse ESTs do match in BLAST searches, suggesting the existence of a murine 3635 protein, its C-terminal region could not be predicted in its entirety because of the lack of corresponding overlapping ESTs or genomic sequences.
None suggests plain rote drilling: all suggest a pattern of association, some alphabetical, some psychological, some numerical, and so forth.
During the past few years, ZrO 2 has been introduced to dentistry [ 14 15 ] . The partially stabilized ZrO 2 has a fracture toughness twice that of A 2 O 3 [ 16 ] suggesting that ZrO 2 based copings could become a major competitor to Procera in the future.
The other major finding: far more Americans practice buy-and-hold investing than all the headlines about day traders would suggest, with 55 percent of investors not making a single trade last year.
In most cases, however, it consists, as the previous examples suggest, of two elements, each hinting at the answer in its own way.
A number of studies suggest that energy efficiency technology investments also tend to increase overall productivity of the economy, especially in the industrial sector.
I would respectfully suggest that this makes him much more of a socialist than his Republican critics.
A profile of MCA chief Edgar Bronfman Jr. suggests that he's too nice for Hollywood.
The true mean column in Table 4arefers to clustering the true mean data (estimated with the error model suggested by Ideker et al . [ 24 ] ) instead of clustering the repeated measurements.
This suggests an adaptive compensation to the depletion of the neurotransmitter stores in the heart sympathetic nerve terminals.
Finally, I took 15 milliliters all at once--five times the suggested dosage.
As shown in Figure 7A, each of the mutant versions of Boi1 is present at a concentration similar to or higher than that of wild-type Boi1, suggesting that the reduced functions of the mutant versions of Boi1 are not likely to be due to effects on their concentrations.
The most common secondary discharge diagnosis for both diabetic ketoacidosis and hyperglycemic hyperosmolar syndrome was kidney replaced by transplant, and secondary diagnoses did not reveal a preponderance of conditions suggesting an underlying condition leading to hospitalization.
Comparison among antibodies that are specific for phosphorylated IFs (SMI-31, RT-97) and those not (SMI-32, anti-GFAP) suggests that the nuclear structures are a phosphorylated IF.
The introduction to the first edition listed several such words, suggested by colleagues, such as clothesfuck difficulty in deciding what clothes to wear and fuckbreak leave of absence from work in order to get pregnant (two other terms from this section, fuckload a large amount and fuck-muscle the penis, were omitted for insufficient evidence but will now be added).
Of the 111 items that were dropped, 61 vanished in just two to five years, suggesting that the early years of a word's temporary admission to the English lexicon are the most critical.
The German word for silk stockings escaped me, but the English word hose promptly suggested itself to my mind.
Converging evidence from epidemiological and molecular studies suggests that infection of genital human papillomavirus (HPV) is causally linked to the development of CC [ 4 ] . Since only a small fraction of HPV-infected cervical intra-epithelial neoplastic (CIN) lesions progress to invasive cancer, these studies further suggest that in addition to HPV, other host genetic factors play a role in cervical carcinogenesis [ 5 ] . A number of molecular studies have identified genetic alterations in these two histologic types of CC and at various stages of precursor lesions [ 6 7 8 ] . Despite this molecular characterization, the genetic basis of CC initiation and progression is still very poorly understood.
These data indicate that the v-crk SH2 domain interacts with the C-terminal YDXP motifs, and as suggested by Birge et al, v-crk may be able to protect them from dephosphorylation and/or induces their phosphorylation [ 12 ] . They also suggest that the YQXP motifs may be involved in binding to other intracellular signaling molecules.
Thus, the genome trees primarily suggest (however tentatively) new unifications based on deep phylogenetic connections, rather than split already established clades.
Isn't the entire premise of this collection based on the idea that they suggest a culmination, an arrival, in Invisible Man ?
Recognition of Egl-26, H-rev107 and NSE2 as homologs of LRAT suggests a potential role for these proteins as novel components of lipid metabolism in eukaryotes.
The distribution of metastases suggests skip lesions and peppering [ 3 5 6 ] . Predicting the lymphatic spread from cancer of the oral tongue can help in choosing the appropriate surgical procedure and may also help in predicting the outcome.
No ortholog of the nocturnin genes could be found in the C. elegans genome (although completely sequenced), thus strongly suggesting that there is no such gene in this species.
Current evidence suggests that lepidopteran baculoviruses may be divided into two phylogenetic groups based on the envelope fusion proteins of budded virions [ 3].
The company suggested a material based on dichlorofluoroethane, also known as Freon 141b.
It also suggests that the real riddle--and one that O'Shea and Madigan don't thoroughly investigate--is why companies call in management consultants to begin with.
Interestingly, the marginal decrease in the total surface area due to deletion of four residues in the β7-β8 loop does not account for the dimer instability, thus suggesting that polar interactions of residues in the β7-β8 loop of p51 with the palm subdomain of p66 may play a role in conferring stability to the heterodimer.
This suggests that the temporal and spatial cues that specify neural cell fate are tightly regulated.
What do you suggest I do?
In spite of its limitations, our study suggests that the relative risk of cryptosporidiosis among AIDS patients from drinking tap water is high (adjusted OR, 23.
High level expression of HBAB had a negligible effect on the ability of the BN clones to take up or secrete bile acids, suggesting that HBAB has a minor role in the net transport of bile acids in these cells.
This may suggest that the possible role of Ruv protein is making a break into dsDNA [ 33 ] .
These days, however, the main problem comes from the right--from conservatives who, unlike most economists, really do think that the free market is always right--to such an extent that they refuse to believe even the most overwhelming scientific evidence if it seems to suggest a justification for government action.
The Met's and Boston Museum of Fine Arts' "John Singleton Copley in America" (at the Milwaukee Art Museum through Aug. 25) intersperses the art with colonial furniture, silver (including a Paul Revere teapot similar to the one in Copley's famous portrait), and costumed mannequins "suggesting the coherence of Copley's work in the cultural environment of pre-Revolutionary Boston and New York."
Data from studies of in vivo and in vitro filopodia formation suggest that they develop as a reorganization of the dendritic network in which they exist [ 29 30 ] . In the presence of proteins that bundle and reorganize actin filaments into filopodial precursors, the de-localization of Arp2/3 and other leading edge components may lead to the formation of filopodia, which are then elongated as described above.
We suggest that the PCS detected in MII oocytes mainly resulted from in vitro aging.
This one suggests the business of being funny, and conveys nothing of the surprise and delight at observations that cause explosions of laughter.
For example, retinal pigment epithelium (RPE) generates a number of reactive oxygen species when illuminated with light [ 1 ] . Furthermore, phagocytosis of photoreceptor outer segments by RPE causes an increase in intracellular [ 2 ] and extracellular H 2 O 2 generation [ 3 ] . Oxidative stress has been suggested as the cause of a number of retinal pathological conditions [ 4 5 ] .
The amino acids Methionine, Proline, Tryptophan and Glutamine occur predominantly in the rigid tripeptides and not as much in the other two categories, suggesting that Methionine, Proline, Tryptophan and Glutamine can cause structural rigidity in a tripeptide.
Early observations by Rabl (cited by [ 3]) in plants suggested a preferential polarization of chromosomes, with their centromeres clustered at one end of the nuclear envelope (the apical side) and the telomeres at the opposite end (the basal side).
Analysis of GAG release throughout these experiments suggested that, within the range of sensitivity provided by our dimethylmethylene blue assay, GAG release patterns were unaffected by removal from incubation at 37°C to room temperature for 3-6 hours of imaging each week (because all the plugs were out of the incubator for the imaging session).
Greenspan suggested that the government should exercise more "humility" in wielding antitrust action because, as in the case of U.S.
Allelic deletion on chromosomes 16q, 13q and 11p occurred less consistently (81, 55 and 46%, respectively), suggesting these regional events are more varied depending on the stage and/or type of tumor foci analyzed.
Their travel patterns and information from family members suggest that the four may have been in contact with each other as early as the fall of 1999.
Even "Republicans" are appalled, the spot suggests, citing a Time magazine article (from 12 years ago).
This suggests it is an essential gene, a property not found for eIF2α kinases of other organisms, and we currently have no insight into its function.
Moreover, this innovation may have caused a mass extinction of prokaryotes at that time, as a result of the toxic effects of oxygen, as suggested by the virtual absence of lineages prior to ~2.
An industry spokesman suggested that negotiators aim for a reduction in accidental deaths and injuries and a way to prevent guns from reaching criminals.
In Trinidad the following clinical features have been seen: tachypnea, restlessness, vomiting, increased salivation, cerebral oedema, pulmonary oedema, hypovolemic shock and convulsions, with myocarditis and pancreatitis being major complications [ 48 ] . Scorpion venoms may cause these symptoms through release of catecholamines from the sympathetic nervous system [ 11 ] . The venom exerts its effects primarily to the cardiovascular and respiratory systems, but there is also stimulation of both the sympathetic and parasympathetic peripheral activities [ 11 ] . The venom is a complex mixture of phospholipase A 2 , low molecular weight proteins, acetylcholinesterase, hyaluronidase, toxic polypeptides, amino acids, serotonin and neurotoxins [ 11 48 ] . Two fatal cases suggested toxic myocarditis [ 48 ] .
Initial simulation estimates based on monotonic population expansion suggested that useful LD was unlikely to extend beyond 3 kb, implying a number of 500,000 SNPs necessary for a whole-genome scan [ 32 ] . Another study looking at real data found that LD extended over much larger distances and arrived at an estimate as small as 30,000 SNPs, or 1 SNP per 100 kb [ 33 ] . Recent evidence suggests that the genome consists of blocks of high LD (haplotype blocks) separated by recombination hot spots [ 34 ] . Within each block, a limited number of common haplotypes (three to five) typically capture about 90% of all chromosomes, which means that a reduced number of SNPs would be needed to characterize these haplotypes [ 35 ] . Thus, the recently initiated construction of a haplotype map of the human genome may facilitate selection of SNP markers for genomewide association studies like ours.
Still, I am nagged by inadequacies in Green's definition of high-five , which suggests that each individual might be simply clapping his hands together, and I am bothered by the ODNW's failure to note the date of entry into the language, saying that the earliest use of the term dates to 1979; I think that Green is right to hint at the fact that the gesture preceded its use in sport: my guess is that slap five arose among black teenagers or, perhaps, musicians as a form of greeting, approval, farewell, and the like and was later carried over into sports (perhaps, as the ODNW suggests, by Derek Smith), where it became high five . It seems unlikely that we shall ever know for sure.
Similarly, in birds, a polymorphism at the tenascin locus (which lies a few megabases proximal to Tlr4 in mice) predicts susceptibility to Gram-negative infection [ 30], suggesting that it may lie in linkage disequilibrium with a particular form of the avian Tlr4 gene.
Prostate cancer is one of the major diseases that pose serious health problems for aging men [ 1 ] . It is generally believed that androgen has a significant role in the development and progress of this disease [ 2 ] . Changes in the growth response of cancer cells to androgen ablation and anti-androgen during the progress of the disease [ 3 4 5 6 ] suggest that multiple androgen-related signaling events are involved in neoplasia and disease progression.
The top non-local story at the Los Angeles Times is a major development in the Waco controversy: the discovery by the DOJ that all this time, the FBI has harbored audiotapes suggesting that pyrotechnic gas grenades were indeed fired at a bunker within the Branch Davidian compound.
Mr. President, may "Today's Papers" humbly suggest."
These observations suggest that there are multiple factors involved in the regulation of TTP.
Following the October 1987 Black Monday stock-market crash , a presidential task force was convened to investigate the crash's causes and suggest remedies that would prevent a repeat performance.
Recent histories of Chicanos and the Catholic Church suggest that Mexicans were not dependent on a priest-centered religion and developed their own popular devotions performed without a priest.
All the economic research suggests that there is no difference in the efficiency of small and large firms once a firm grows beyond a minimum size.
I would suggest another cause.
Although America's productivity growth spurt has been concentrated in the computer industry, anecdotal evidence suggests that technology increases the flexibility of capital in all industries.
As attractive as this idea is a number of observations suggest that much of the fz pathway is modified in cell type specific ways.
Some regular features of side chain interactions suggest that there are essentially three classes of tripeptides: rigid, non-rigid and intermediate.
The Russian, too, suggests an English alternative: it takes one to know one .
This 1929 discovery suggested that man’s closest ancestor might have lived in Asia as well as Africa.
Moreover, excess unlabeled calmodulin could not fully reverse the quenching of Alexa-calmodulin fluorescence induced by IQ peptides, suggesting that IQ peptides could bind to Alexa-calmodulin at two sites, including one where unlabeled calmodulin could not bind.
The effect of diet on normalized metabolic rate may be construed as suggesting that the failure of metabolic rate to scale proportionally to the increase in body weight on the high fat diet may have contributed to the maintenance of the obese state, especially since the calculated caloric intake on the high fat diet was less than on the chow fat diet.
As with DFF45, PARP cleavage was significantly enhanced in BRCA1+ cells suggesting that decreased DNA repair capacity in BRCA1+ cells may, in part, be due to premature inactivation of PARP.
Exposure to DIDS alone significantly decreased (depolarized) GC resting membrane potential (Figure 8B), suggesting that an outward chloride current (chloride influx) contributes to the normal resting potential of pig GC.
When she does give the thumbs up, especially for an anticipated blockbuster, certain key words and phrases, such as "audience appeal" and "escapist fun," suggest that she is not writing from her own point of view so much as she's gauging in advance the public's reaction.
The groupings suggested by the phenogram are based on sequence similarity across the entire alignment, which may suggest categories different from those suggested by considerations of much smaller stretches of residues known to be important for the characteristic functional features of a particular subfamily.
These data indicate that the mutant Syk protein must be expressed together with the wildtype enzyme in cells to generate the dominant positive phenotype, and suggest that it's effect is indirect.
Recent evidence suggested that adrenaline-induced hypokalemia resulted from stimulation of a β-adrenoceptor linked to membrane Na +/K +-ATPase, causing potassium influx [ 5 28 ] . On the other hand, there was no correlation between serum cate-cholamine level and QTc interval in the present series.
An alternative approach to determining the origin of a sequence is suggested by previous work on analysis of word counts, or k -tuple frequencies, which was intended as a means of evaluating a library for contamination when sequencing from a single model organism [ 19].
Btk:ER induced a sustained calcium signal in parental cells but not in PLCγ2-deficient cells (Fig 4B), suggesting that Btk:ER modulates calcium signaling by affecting PLCγ2 activity.
This sequence fully matched the genomic Sanger sequence, suggesting the lack of introns in the PfPP5 gene.
To suggest that he made a mistake by not entering a game several years ago is fair.
This suggests that their identification by sequencing miRNA cDNA libraries would have been unlikely.
The hybrid-fold-recognition method, which combines sequence-profile analysis with alignment-based secondary-structure prediction [ 22] and the 3D-PSSM method [ 23] both suggested a likely α-amylase-like triosephosphate isomerase (TIM) barrel structure for this protein family.
These results further suggest possible presence of multiple AREs in the RAR α gene.
[ 4] drew analogies with Zipf's original work to suggest that the behavior for 'mers originate from similarities between DNA sequences and natural languages.
5) AM1 and PM3 calculations in the gas phase vary in suggesting 2 , 6 and 7 as most stable (Table 4).
These are reasonable functions for the role of the proposed mHB-EGF :LTBP-3 protein:protein interactions as the expression of both mHB-EGF and TGF-β is important during extracellular matrix formation in wound healing [ 1 25 ] ; it has been suggested that the coordinated activities of HB-EGF and TGF-β regulate the wound healing process [ 16 ] .
I recount Beatty's history in this gossipy way to suggest why his latest movie, Bulworth , has been praised as such a radical departure for its star-director and why, in some ways, it is.
Jack Kemp: "The president himself suggested that the reduction in the growth of Medicare over the next five or six years ought to be held to 6 percent.
If, however, traveling back for the festivities is for some reason impossible for the current M. of H., Prudie suggests you garland the truth with sentiment when you ask your best friend.
Recent developments in the understanding of the role of mesenchymal cells and their products in regulation of proliferation and differentiation of tissue cells were initiated more than seventy years ago, when Alexis Carrel demonstrated that leukocyte extracts, like embryonic tissue extracts, stimulate multiplication of fibroblasts in vitro, and suggested that leukocytes can bring growth- activating substances to tissue-specific cells [ 11].
Asked a blunt question about abortion, he suggested continued, if tepid, support for overturning Roe vs.
In support of this, a search for phosphorylation motifs among NF-H, GFAP and lamins A, B, and C revealed a single, high probability tyrosine site that occurs once on each of these proteins (Figure 3), further suggesting the possibility that this site constitutes or is contained within the epitope recognized by these two antibodies.
Cynics suggested the government allows such tales to be disseminated in order to attract sympathy and foreign aid.
Table 3clearly shows that the sum of the tocopherol and its quinone product decreased over the 6 hr experiment suggesting that products, other than the tocopheryl quinone, were formed during the experiment.
These observations suggest that the assay is detecting bacteria as biofilms rather than simply measuring planktonic bacteria adhering to plastic wells.
Clinical and epidemiological studies strongly suggest the association of CMV infection in the progression of numerous vascular diseases, including atherosclerosis [ 16 17 18 19 20 ] , rapidly progressive coronary artery disease, endothelialitis in heart transplant recipients [ 21 22 23 24 ] , coronary restenosis [ 25 26 ] , and inflammatory aortic disease [ 27 28 ] as well as SSc [ 11 12 ] . We attempted to reproduce the endpoint of such diseases by using immunosupression and CMV infection, allowing us to investigate cellular and molecular events leading to this pathology.
So strongly, moreover, do I cling to this heretical belief, that when one of my colleagues suggested I write a column attacking the district's tax remission on well-accepted economic grounds, I objected (devotion to a free and fair airing of contrary opinions be damned).
observed that HHV-6 (same subfamily as CMV) could cause the reactivation of EBV [ 33 ] . The authors suggested that HHV-6 was having a direct effect on EBV reactivation because they were able to observe the presence of both viral antigens in the same cell.
The second novel observation, that Syk kinase enzymatic activity was insufficient for signal transduction, suggests that multiple biochemical processes may be required for the Syk-dependent step of signal transduction.
This result indicated that with regard to the mechanism of E. coli topoisomerase I, the ZD domain was likely to function as a single-stranded DNA binding domain instead of having double-stranded DNA binding function as previously suggested [ 21 ] . Even though Zn(II) binding transcription factors that recognise specific double-stranded DNA are well represented in eukaryotes [ 23 24 ] , there are also numerous examples of Zn(II) coordination being required for interaction with single-stranded nucleic acid or damaged DNA with single-strand characteristics [ 24 25 26 27 ] .
On the one hand, it's churlish to suggest that Salinger should move just to protect himself from his public.
Apathy is deeply ingrained and it is unlikely things will change, despite the widespread repugnance and anger shown by most of the country's citizens," but an editorial in El Tiempo suggested otherwise.
Although the sample numbers are too low to draw a firm conclusion, the data suggest a possible decrease in staining frequency by both antibodies in the transition from dysplasia to CIS ( p = 0.117 for Ki-67 and p = 0.080 for MCM2) (Table 1).
These results also suggest that transformation frequency may be a good indicator of plasmid origin activity only when replication efficiency is relatively low.
The pattern of such promoter methylation has been noted to be non-random in various tumor types, while certain genes are commonly methylated in diverse tumor types [ 10 11 ] . The extent of aberrant promoter hypermethylation and its association with loss of gene function in cancer suggests that CpG island methylation is an important mechanism in inactivating tumor suppressor genes (TSGs).
Two unnamed government sources suggested to the LAT that estimates of cocaine production in Colombia alone could triple.
Participants suggested that statewide program leadership needed to be able to:
Further, the G3U mutant could not be rescued but the G3A mutant could, suggesting that a purine is required at this position, as seen in Ll.LtrB.
4) Social equality: Clinton's defenders--including those ordinary focus-grouping Americans--offend the most when they suggest that a certain latitude in moral and criminal matters goes with the president's exalted position.
In the synovial membrane, the most common IFN-γ-producing cell is the CD8 +T cell, suggesting that this population of T cells plays a major role in macrophage activation and perpetuation of the inflammatory response [ 1 ] . CD8 +T cells were recently associated with the presence of germinal centers in RA synovium [ 2 ] , suggesting a role for CD8 +T cells in the formation or maintenance of those lymphoid structures in the synovium.
The evolutionary theory of synonymous codon usage began with two separate lines of research, both of which suggested that most substitutions were selectively neutral, but which explained different phenomena.
While this is not unexpected, it suggests that the distribution of log 2 (ratio) values does not deviate badly from normal.
This suggested that the increased size of the isoleucine side chain compared to valine might improve a hydrophobic interaction with one or both adenosines.
Anyway, from there, the subjects pretty much suggest themselves, and it's just a matter of coming up with the right hook and good lines.
Federal guidelines advise wearing protective gear and exercising good personal hygiene when handling Class B biosolids or exposed to the aerosols [ 6 14 ] . The nature and timing of symptoms reported by residents suggest that steps should also be taken to protect the public from exposure to airborne contaminants from land application areas.
In both settings α-SMA levels were reduced compared to controls grown on noncoated tissue culture plastic or without ascorbic acid (see similar results in [ 47 ] ). Taken together these results suggest that the presence of collagen and the stressed to relaxed state transition of the ECM alters or dominates TGFβ1 signal transduction (see also [ 25 ] ). The corresponding reduction in α-SMA is in agreement with recent in vivo data on splintered vs. unsplintered rat wounds [ 48 ] , but differs from in vitro results on human gingival fibroblasts [ 49 ] .
The preliminary reanalyses of the mortality and morbidity components of NMMAPS suggest that analyses reporting the lowest relative risks appear to be affected more greatly by this error than studies reporting higher relative risks (Dominici et al.
These findings suggest that during wound healing, cCAF produced by the resident fibroblasts chemoattracts additional fibroblasts that contribute to the production of these ECM molecules, which then support migration of both fibroblasts and other cells in the wound tissue.
Newsweek 's Evan Thomas suggests Hersh's zeal for muckraking has "consumed him."
One example is Meredith Station a Restaurant a Grill a Niteclub; this location would appear to give the establishment a greater cachet than Meredith Station, Restaurant, Grill and Niteclub and certainly more than Meredith Bar and Grill . The series in this example helps to establish a set of alternative uses of Meredith Station and the rhythm appears to suggest mounting excitement.
A nucleic acid binding domain in the C-terminus of nucleophosmin is also lacking in NPM3 and nucleoplasmin, but the known functions of nucleoplasmin in nucleosome assembly and sperm decondensation suggest that this protein, and possibly NPM3, can accomplish intermolecular reactions involving nucleic acids in other ways, perhaps by associating with other proteins that have this binding activity.
In our study, sensitivity and specificity of clinical examination was poor suggesting that clinical examination is of limited use in predicting cervical nodal metastasis.
Morphology appears to be the single most important tool facilitating their correct interpretation [ 6 ] . Other approaches, including the observation that capsular nevi are non-immunoreactive or weakly immunoreactive for HMB45, have been suggested for differentiating capsular nevi from melanoma micrometastases [ 21 ] . However, it is important to note that a significant number of melanomas are also non-immunoreactive for HMB45.
Clustering of CNCSs and conservation of CNCS spacing are not expected under a mutational cold-spot hypothesis, and suggest that the spacer intervals between CNCSs, and therefore CNCSs themselves, are under functional constraint.
While many items are attractive and inexpensive, the impracticality of taking them home — especially since wicker is not expensive in most parts of the world — might suggest opting for other souvenir items.
Many genes were modulated similarly in all of the cell lines, suggesting conservation of a specific androgen-responsive program, perhaps a vestige of the prostatic epithelial phenotype, between these cell lines (Figure 3; see also [ 12] and Additional data files).
Earlier work suggested that actin was involved in regulation of plasmodesmal transport [ 74].
The intensity of his floor remarks suggests not: "We should not compartmentalize our view and say, 'If they do this with our money that is OK, and who gives a darn what else they do with the rest of their money.
Marks on the ground in the porch area suggest that this building was once struck by lightning.
The present data suggest that diminished levels of BRCA1 not only accelerate proliferation in the BG-1 ovarian carcinoma cell line, but also appear to promote tumorigenesis.
A study of myosins in lily and tobacco pollen tubes using antibodies to three animal-type myosins IA and IB, II and V suggested the presence of three types of myosins in these plants [ 40].
This result also suggests that DFz2 and Arr work cooperatively to transduce a Wg signal.
This was characteristic for symptomatic women in advanced postmenopause, suggesting that hormonal changes accompanying postmenopause, such as diminution of ovarian sex steroid production, might contribute to the degenerative changes in the levator ani muscle.
This result suggests that the relatively low efficiency of immobilization of biotinylated adenoviral vectors is caused by their fluidic properties in wells, which allow only a fraction of viral particles to reach the well surface and be captured by streptavidin molecules on the well surface.
In areas in which malaria is endemic, there is growing evidence to suggest that management of spontaneous rupture of malarial spleen without splenectomy should be attempted.
A high-energy physicist once told me, when I asked her what she was working on, "I couldn't possibly put it into words"--yet she continues to receive NSF funding, which suggests someone understands what she is up to on her grant applications.
Deficiency of the EP2 receptor is associated with a defect in counteracting vasopressor effect of PGE2 [ 7 ] and the development of salt sensitive hypertension [ 8 ] , suggesting a predominant normal vasodepressor role of EP2 receptor in blood pressure regulation.
have suggested that the highly conserved nature of the glycine in this region may indicate the existence of a loop structure consisting of either γ or a loose three residue-turn in the nAChR [ 12 ] . Either of these turns would bring the two putative β-strands together such that γL109, γY111 and γS115 and γY117 are all on the same side of an antiparallel β-sheet.
Interestingly though, domoic acid appeared to modulate LPS-primed rat neonatal microglia O 2 - release, suggesting that domoic acid might potentially play a role in the in vivo modulation of activated rat neonatal microglia, and perhaps other leukocytes capable of releasing O 2 -.
For example, patients with schizophrenia exhibit difficulties in sensorimotor gating [ 14 ] , smooth pursuit eye-tracking [ 15 ] , set-shifting [ 16 ] , and working memory tasks [ 17 ] . Children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) exhibit abnormal performance in sustained attention tasks [ 18 ] and studies on autism reveal slowed covert orienting of visual spatial attention [ 19 ] . Patients with Alzheimer's disease show covert orienting deficits in visual attention tasks [ 20 ] . Interestingly, many of these disorders show familial patterns of inheritance and increased concordance in monozygotic (MZ) vs. dizygotic (DZ) twins suggesting genetic origins [ 21 ] .
Southeast of Artis, across two canals and busy roads, is Oosterpark, an open green area with a lake and play areas (we would suggest taking a tram — numbers 9 and 14 — rather than walking here from the city center).
It suggested the vice president was so keen on his gay policy that he would give it higher priority than other military issues, such as how to win wars (or counter the Chinese and Russian threats).
First, the previous case study suggests that SKUs with large demand variance (high Cvs) will require larger amounts of inventory than low variance SKUs to provide a high order-fulfillment rate to the retailer.
Deputy Attorney General Eric Holder, who suggested that the Justice Department, rather than a biased independent counsel, should investigate Baitgate.
Darnton suggests that electronic publishing can change not only the way scholarly work is disseminated--online rather than in the stacks--but also the shape of scholarship itself.
Massive HGT between archaea and bacteria, particularly hyperthermophiles, has been suggested by genome comparisons [ 20, 21, 22, 23, 24].
Together with our Btk:ER data, this suggests that Btk:ER controls sustained ERK activation in B cells by regulating PLCγ2 activity.
The New York Times goes with the debate over the patient privacy rules suggested yesterday by President Clinton, while the Los Angeles Times leads with Toshiba's announcement of a $1 billion settlement in a class-action suit over its laptops, a story also fronted by the NYT .
3C), suggesting that p27 accumulation results from reduced p27 ubiquitylation.
Journalists and other commentators have sometimes taken a facetious view of the situation, suggesting that person , itself, is sexist because -son denotes `male offspring,' that words like manhole are sexist, and that even woman ( wo + man ) is sexist.
All amino acids differ in frequency by two- to ten-fold in different species, however, suggesting that most sites within proteins can tolerate amino-acid substitutions.
Most populations completely lost the ability to grow in the presence of novobiocin, which suggests an increase in membrane permeability [ 33 ] . However, no significant differences in fitness were found when bile salts were added to the selective medium, indicating that the mechanisms of increased outer membrane permeability were not detrimental to bile resistance.
In another study, Newkirk and coworkers also observed that a recombinant gB vaccine, which expressed the gB protein of the Towne vaccine, induced antibodies to CMV gB when administered to mice, suggesting that CMV gB induces antibodies crossreactive to U1-70 kD [ 13 ] . If this is the case, it predicts a correlation between levels of antibodies to gB and U1-70 kD in sera.
The observation that percent sequence identity is at least crudely resolved on the microarrays suggests that a multinormal model maybe more accurate.
Taken together, these results suggest that immediate migration of mononuclear cells to the tumor microenvironment is not the primary effector mechanism of systemic IL-2 administration.
Upon initiation of chromosome segregation, Cdc5 promotes the transient 'Cdc14 early anaphase release' [ 26 ] . Our data suggest that Cdc5 can promote FEAR by directly phosphorylating Net1 as well as other yet-to-be-identified FEAR factors.
Combining this information with similar indications for other sets of genes gives a summary of the details discussed in this study and suggests a model for the organization of the regulatory system that controls gene expression in yeast (Figure 9).
Afterward, Durbin suggested that Greenspan didn't want Congress to "get committed" to tax cuts.
The above results from the K-S test strongly suggested that sequence features based on the co-conservation and close spacing of word pairs identified examples of multifactorial regulation.
Studies suggest that a wide gap exists between the 2 minutes clinicians typically allot to seeking evidence [ 2 ] and the amount of time needed to search MEDLINE [ 4 12 13 ] . Indeed, "some have likened MEDLINE searching to attempting to drink water from a fire hose" [ 15 ] . Although MEDLINE is certainly more difficult to search than other resources recommended for evidence-based medicine, the other resources, in aggregate, probably require excessive time to search if they are searched in sequence as recommended.
Trade data already suggest a major restructuring in the sources of U.S. apparel imports.
In particular these preliminary data suggest that these two rules may be specific enough to scale to larger population trials without generating an unacceptably high false positive rate.
However, U.S. intelligence reports have continued to suggest a bigger Russian role.
This result also suggested that Triton X-100 extraction of cells may not preserve moesin-actin filament complexes.
The data suggest that sexually-produced A. pisum embryos undergo a period of diapause, although a diapause different to that commonly presented in the literature.
These results suggest that CCR1, CCR2, CCR5, and CXCR1, CXCR2, CXCR3, and CXCR4 are candidates to be involved in chemokine-mediated trafficking of monocytes.
A recent study has suggested that tumor-specific, CD4 +T cells can exert anti-tumor effects by inhibiting angiogenesis via release of IFN-γ [ 11 ] . Thus, the "white" tumors noted in the current study may be indicative of angiogenic inhibition by the infiltrating tumor-specific, CD4 +T cells, and such inhibition may be relevant to the observed efficacy.
General conservation of this domain across a range of organisms, and its presence in the LUCA suggests the possibility of an important general role in cellular process of free-living organisms.
But those same principles also suggest that if you choose to do so, you won't avoid the noisy battle of wills with your child--you'll merely postpone it.
These data suggest that Smad1, Az and HsN3 might form a ternary complex.
We suggested that agencies inform all travelers that random samples of payment transactions would be selected for the purpose of further verifying the validity of the payments and, for those selected transactions, travelers would be required to forward all related documents to the certifying or payment officer's location for review.
However, this set of genes was not coordinately expressed during cell-cycle progression [ 54, 55], suggesting that these cell-wall genes may be regulated by a distinct mechanism in response to environmental conditions.
451; r 2= 0.553), suggesting that the base composition of nonsynonymous sites in LTG is mainly the result of mutational pressures, and hence that their amino-acid composition is exceptionally affected by the constraints acting on the nucleotide sequence.
Most evangelical leaders, in fact, refuse to publicly guess the name of the Antichrist--though, as Falwell suggests, Kissinger is a perennial favorite, at least among those evangelicals who believe the Antichrist will be Jewish.
Most notably, he suggests compulsory labeling of online content without mentioning the First Amendment problem of "compelled speech" that clearly would arise, and without discussing whether such compulsory labeling would be constitutional if imposed on books and newspapers.
These data suggest that the orienting influence of white matter geometry on neurite outgrowth involves myelin and, possibly, its associated neurite-growth inhibitory activity.
Nor did Hitler try to abolish capitalism, as Lukacs suggests, although, like his adversary Roosevelt, he did expand state supervision of private industry.
One statement suggests concealing or hiding something; the other implies good sound bookkeeping, running a tidy ship.
Figure 3shows an evolutionary scenario, using a Fitch diagram [ 29], that depicts the suggested origin of trpD paralogs via two gene duplication events (Dp1 and Dp2) that preceded the node of speciation divergence (Sp4) to Nostoc (Npu) and Anabaena (Asp).
The complete disappearance of the upper band of the monomer doublet for the N604S mutation strongly suggests that the extracellular linker between the fifth transmembrane domain and the P-loop of VR1 is subject to N-linked glycosylation.
Although in this report using this technique we were able to detect a single nucleotide mutation in a PCR product of 390 bp, most laboratories would suggest that SSCP detects approximately 70 to 80% of mutations.
[ 32 ] suggested that indeed lutein transferred excitation energy entirely to Chl a while neoxanthin, a xanthophyll bound near helix-2 (see Fig.
The paper's editorial recalled American journalist Walter Lippmann on the death of Franklin D. Roosevelt--"the genius of a good leader is to leave behind him a situation which common sense, without the grace of genius, can deal with successfully"--and suggested Hussein has achieved this.
It has been reported that CCR5 expression is upregulated in RA synovial fluid and synovial tissue T cells [ 10, 11, 12] and that CCR5 Δ 32 deletion may have an influence on clinical manifestations of RA [ 13], suggesting that CCR5 might play an important role in RA.
Previous studies suggested that ATP-induced pores in HEK cells heterologously expressing the P2X 7 purinergic receptor, were formed either by dilation of the channel structure or by aggregation of channels subunits [ 19].
, [ 16 ] ]. Our results suggest that in at least some instances, the association of heterochromatic genes with transposable element sequences may be of adaptive significance.
It is suggested that 6 mM ATP concentration may be sufficient to overcome this inhibitory effect.
2 O 2 [ 39 ] , suggesting that presence of this peroxide alone on Mars surface would not make the soil "self-sterilizing."
One such candidate is the rapamycin analog CCI779, which has been suggested to inhibit the AKT signaling pathway, probably through inhibition of mTOR (target of rapamycin), a potential target of AKT [reviewed in ref.
The system is the UPC or in the case of books a EAN/ISBN number that when a book is scanned by a retailer identifies the book, format, suggested price point, genre, etc. --Tom Fogarty, Soundscan executive in charge of Bookscan.
This suggested that the screen was not saturating.
He agreed that the authority issue is important, but he suggested smaller, targeted research studies could address that question.
These results suggest that Oregon Green 488-SP and BODIPY Fl-SP would be the most useful fluorescent ligands for future studies of the SPR.
These data may help explain the contradictory findings regarding the effects of IFN-γ as an inhibitor of osteoclastogenesis, and also suggest a model of erosive disease in the presence of IFN-γ whereby osteoclast precursors are exposed to RANKL before they enter the IFN-γ-rich environment.
This fact has implications for any expression-profiling approach, and suggests that in order to average out individual variations in gene expression, many different samples of a tissue of interest will have to be examined.
At this point, it remains an open question, suggesting additional reasons for cautious interpretation of the results given in this report.
And younger generations are vastly more tolerant than their elders, suggesting these numbers will climb.
The WP 's account of Clinton's letter to Lott makes it seem that the fate of the treaty is genuinely up in the air, whereas the LAT 's first paragraph suggests a deal may be in the works that will avoid the treaty's certain defeat.
It has been suggested that Clinton limited his idea to under-18s in order to affront only people who cannot vote.
These analyses suggest that IVT and R-PCR are both valid approaches for microarray-based genome mapping.
Several reports suggest a significant number of critically ill patients may have unrecognized adrenal insufficiency [ 21, 22, 23, 24].
It suggests a community in which everything is in balance, in which people accept the good and the bad, in faith that it will all even out in the end.
I don't know--that's why I fudged and said the dependency drop "suggests ...
The recent literature also suggests either a lack of efficacy or a very small efficacy for albuterol administration in the management of bronchiolitis [ 16, 17].
As a result of the dye effects, data from two-channel cDNA arrays display significantly different Cy3 and Cy5 signal distributions, suggesting that means calculated over both signal types may not make sense for the definition of a target distribution.
This suggests that the behavioral problems exhibited were of moderate severity, resulting in mild to moderate distress to staff.
The correlation between the expression of these two markers therefore suggests the possibility that CCR6 might play a role in the development of aggregates of CD4 +T cells that are characteristically found in rheumatoid synovium.
While it could also be suggested that this effect might be secondary to other disruptions induced by dominant negative Cul1, the genetic suppression of phenotypes by reduction of E2F dose (above) suggests otherwise, as do the analyses of the role of the F-box protein, Slimb (below).
Fossil discoveries suggest that it was part of Gondwanaland, the single temperate continent, 200 million years ago.
A profile of the Ochs and Sulzberger families suggests that their stewardship of the New York Times was unduly influenced by self-consciousness about their Judaism.
The mixed results suggest operation in the mode II region with significant individual variability.
The Post also reports that the plane disappeared from radar screens at 8,000 feet, suggesting that it may have begun to break up, but the NYT reports that searchers' sonar readings indicate that a large piece of the aircraft, perhaps the fuselage--which would contain many of the victims and also the flight recorders--is sitting intact in about 120 feet of water.
All the redundant genes exhibited identity relationships that suggested their origin by one or more gene-duplication events in the common ancestor of Anabaena and Nostoc ; that is, exactly as diagrammed in Figure 3.
Because prior work suggests an unexpectedly high prevalence of aspirin intolerance in persons with near fatal asthma [ 29], we ascertained any history of aspirin sensitivity at baseline interview.
The cleft palate phenotype of the Gad1 mutants suggests the involvement of GABA-mediated signals in the normal development and differentiation of a structure derived from the oral epithelium and neural crest ecto-mesenchyme.
Punning titles, I would suggest, as titillating as they may be, have become an editorial addiction of popular magazines.
These results suggest that COP does not increase in size as a function of time, as would be predicted by the dilation or aggregation model.
[ 3 ] Previous case series did not have sufficient sample size to determine competing risks between calcineurin inhibitors, but the present study would suggest the risk is greater with tacrolimus.
This suggested that ERF was the prototype of a family of conserved bacterial domains.
The correlation coefficient between amplified and unamplified sample and the yield of aRNA amplified without DNA ligase are high enough to suggest that DNA ligase activity is not necessary for RNA amplification in microarray analysis.
Furthermore, the nuclear co-translocation of Az and HsN3 with Smad1 also suggests potential proteasomal targeting role of Az and HsN3 in the nucleus.
Most of the figures are female, suggesting the worship of fertility or an earth-mother religion.
These data suggest that both Elk-1 and p35-C/EBPβ are necessary for maximal Ras-stimulated transactivation of the SRE.
, [ 27, 30] suggest that in IBD, iNOS blocks an early, obligatory phase of inflammation, but perhaps not the chronic phase.
The paper doesn't point out that this is getting towards the flight profile involved in that Marine flight that hit the ski lift, suggesting that such low flying is not without its applications in this theater of operations and not necessarily a sign of joyriding.
Most studies place Buchnera either within or just outside the Enterobacteriaceae, suggesting that it diverged near the time of the common ancestor of this clade [ 48, 49, 50, 51].
This 40 minute initial delay suggests that some sort of change in the state of propranolol (e.g.
Or so, at least, its recent (if short-lived) performance on the Internet suggests.
Therefore, taken together, the effects of fixation and polyornithine suggest that haptotactic cues are insufficient to guide parallel neurite growth.
We found that an nrg1Δ mutant was able to grow on YP sucrose plus 2-DG, suggesting that nrg1Δ mutants are indeed defective for glucose repression.
A unique feature of GCTs is their origin from germ cells at a stage in development where they undergo epigenetic reprogramming [ 6 13 ] . The absence of this epigenetic modification in SGCTs is consistent with their GC-like nature as previously noted [ 6 14 ] . On the other hand, the extensive promoter hypermethylation seen in NSGCTs suggests a mechanistic role in their potential for embryonal and extra-embryonal lineage differentiation [ 6 14 ] . Establishment of DNA methylation in the mammalian genome is controlled by at least three DNA methyltransferases (DNMTs), DNMT1 , DNMT3a and DNMT3b [ 15 ] . The role of these DNMTs in differential de novo methylation in SGCT vs.
We suggest the destabilization of countin mRNA may be a result of the loss of ribosomes, which otherwise would afford protection from degradation, from this mRNA in BS153 cells.
Link lengths in these random populations also become more uniform as a function of object density in the population suggesting that improved uniformity of spacing in denser populations is not a ramification of the mechanism responsible for the patterns found in macrofiber populations.
Sphingomyelin content and luteal cell membrane fluidity decrease during luteolysis in vivo [ 48 49 50 51 ] . Ceramide, a product of sphingomyelin hydrolysis, is a potent stress-activated second messenger and is well established as a functional component of death receptor-mediated apoptosis [ 52 53 54 ] . Upon treatment of CLENDO cells with TNFα, we observed a rapid and sustained increase in the production of ceramide, suggesting that the sphingomyelin pathway is present and active in these cells.
When avian Ocl were exposed to estradiol in vitro, the Ocl plasma membrane became depolarized and there was a marked decrease in potential, suggesting that estrogen may regulate osteoclasts through ion channel activities [ 27].
Several lines of evidence indicate that NF-κB is constitutively activated in cancer cells, suggesting that it plays an important role in tumorigenesis [ 30 ] . Activated glucocorticoid receptors have been shown to repress NF-κB-mediated gene expression [ 31 ] , and to cause a significant reduction in nuclear levels of p65 protein, a subunit of NF-κB [ 31 ] . A variety of mitogens, cytokines, and reactive oxygen intermediates have been shown to rapidly cause the translocation of NF-κB to the nucleus [ 30 31 32 ] , and the ability of dexamethasone to interfere with this translocation is blocked by prior treatment with the glucocorticoid antagonist RU 486 [ 30 ] . Based on these findings, it is plausible to speculate that exposure to RU 486 may interfere with the function of endogenous glucocorticoids as regulators of cell cycle, allowing the initiation and progression of malignant transformation of liver cells.
Several independent clones were obtained for each set of transfections suggesting that expression of the tyrosine phosphorylated Cas SD domain did not negatively affect cell growth (data not shown).
Our results suggest that NOM cannot modulate MRP gene expression either.
For example, the arsC sequences from major divisions of Bacteria such as the Green Sulfur Bacteria (represented by Chlorobium tepidum ) and the Deinococcales (represented by D. radiodurans ) are loosely associated with either the Enterobacteriales/α-Proteobacteria (Figure 2) or Low GC Gram-positive Bacteria (Figure 3) depending upon the analysis used, but in either case diverge to form their own deep branches, suggesting that they possess distinct arsenate reductases.
These results suggest that, at least in part, the difference between keloid and palmar fibroblasts may be due to particular levels of TGFβ1-pathway related proteins at nonglabrous vs. glabrous sites.
It has recently been suggested that G-protein coupled receptors with PDZ domains, SH2-containing domains and PTB domains participate in protein-protein interactions with partners other than G-proteins, such as Grb2 and JAK2, which may allow these receptors to bypass the G-proteins and utilize other signaling cascades (29).
These observations suggest that the p24 subset of the GOLD domains probably function as discriminators that selectively interact with particular proteins to influence their loading into vesicles.
But the experiences of other nations such as Switzerland suggest that this is not true.
Thus we introduce a ternary complex model (Figure 8b), used traditionally to describe the behavior of GPCRs in binding studies with agonist and antagonists [ 31 ] , as well as constitutively active receptors [ 29 ] . The ternary complex model for Hh signaling suggests that there are two independent binding sites on Smo wt, one specific for the agonist and another specific for antagonists.
What "Bush understands," Will suggests, is that "the wise leader should strive to have intellectuals on tap and not be one himself."
Although the immune system had been perturbed by immunization, CD4 +T cells isolated 14 days after immunization of each group did not show significant increase in CD25 expression as compared with that in naïve mice, suggesting that T cells activated by immunization had become resting memory T cells.
Biological theories suggest that members of certain ethnic groups are genetically predisposed to more aggressive forms of the disease, differ in host-tumor interactions, or are more likely to have contributing comorbid conditions.
2 , PGF 2α , iloprost, misoprostol and sulprostone suggest it is not an EP 1 , EP 3 or IP receptor [ 2 3 ] . As demonstrated for the EP 2 receptor in other species [ 6 20 21 ] , butaprost free acid and AH 13205, two synthetic PG agonists with selectivity for the EP 2 subtype, efficiently and dose dependently compete for [ 3H] PGE 2 binding to this newly cloned rabbit receptor.
In an interview with Time , Hillary Rodham Clinton suggested that she would like a "formal role " in guiding the implementation of the welfare reforms President Clinton reluctantly signed into law earlier this year.
This spot, Hotel Ballroom , produced for Levi Strauss by Foote, Cone & Belding, suggests to Gen-Xers that your pants can have the same attitude as you--still young (they're Levi's, but not jeans), and a good fit; comfortable in your own identity, yet at ease in the establishment world.
The amino acid residues at position -1, 2, 3 and 6 of the α helix form base contacts with DNA [Reviewed in [ 49 ] ]. The amino acid sequences of the zinc finger pairs among the ZAS proteins are highly conserved [Reviewed in [ 25 ] ]. The conservation of the zinc fingers from invertebrate to vertebrate species and their common DNA binding target sequences suggest that these proteins may play similar physiological roles in diverse organisms.
The current evidence suggests that SLE is a complex genetic disease, with contributions from both environmental (e.g.
This highlights the importance of macrophages in the production of TNF, supported by current hypotheses on the pivotal role of this cell type in TNF overproduction in autoimmune diseases [ 39 ] . Thus, our findings suggest that TTP serves an entirely different role in other leukocytes, relative to their role in regulating cytokine production by macrophages, and that TNF production is not simply regulated by TTP.
She suggested that although booster interventions are needed, perhaps they are not needed very often, particularly in primary care settings.
Research suggests that individuals who are not financially literate tend to save less.
This isn't to suggest that there's any obligation--as you say about the mental health profession--to intervene against people who hold racist beliefs.
Obligingly, Snow suggests six suitable matches for The Donald: a) Xena the Warrior Princess, b) Sabrina the Teenage Witch, c) Pamela Anderson Lee, d) Carmen Electra, e) Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and of course f) Dennis Rodman.
The paper reminds that immediately after the loss (the pilot was rescued), the Pentagon suggested that the cause was mechanical malfunction.
Novak ( Meet the Press ) suggests the Republicans will counter the anti-Starr tactics with "Chinese water torture," weakening Clinton bit by bit while keeping him alive.
My cynical colleague Alan Stockman suggests an alternative candidate, namely, the regulatory climate.
Writing for Ha'aretz from Amman, Zvi Bar'el noted that a Jordanian publicist had dubbed King Abdullah "a king for the Internet age" and suggested this might make his relations difficult with veteran Arab leaders such as Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, Hafez Assad of Syria, and King Fahd of Saudi Arabia.
Having occasionally confronted your "whimsical" sister with the true version of events, and apparently getting nowhere, Prudie suggests you have a tough conversation outlining the potential damage dishonesty can create in relationships with those having less "whimsy."
As the name suggests, it controls the fundamental operation of your computer: things like how to read documents from a disk and send them to a printer.
An op-ed in Wednesday's Turkish Daily News suggested that this might not be such a good thing, however.
Having defined the conflict this way, Palestinian officials suggested that Israel's best means of defeating terrorism was to cooperate with the Palestinian Authority.
The NYT and LAT fronts report that Planned Parenthood and several doctors have brought a private federal civil suit against the proprietors of an anti-abortion Web site that suggests abortion providers are like Nazis and groups the names and faces of some doctors providing the procedure on a Wanted Poster-style list it calls the "Deadly Dozen."
This suggests (but does not prove) the most significant changes might be shared, independent of tissue variability (see below).
Moreover, affinity chromatography with 35SO 4 -labeled cells suggests that HSPGs with core protein sizes of 46 kDa and 70 kDa serve as III1-C receptors.
Mutation of F48 to either alanine or leucine had no effect on the function of those LcrG variants, suggesting that the hydrophobic nature of F48 is important for LcrG function.
However, this observation does not necessarily suggest direct activation because the effect cellular activation may have on EBV latency is not known.
The onset of RARγ2 degradation coincides with that of TBP and TAF II 135 suggesting that these events are causaly related.
Muscular rigidity of fentanyl has been suggested to occur via several mechanism involving glutamatergic pathways [ 25 ] , serotonergic system [ 26 ] as well as noradrenergic system [ 27 28 ] . One other potential pathway may be via regulation of dopaminergic system as suggested before [ 29 ] possibly via δ opioid receptor system as explained here.
In fact, an investigation of Brn3c heterozygotic mice showed no additional effect on hearing loss due to haploinsufficiency in these mice [ 35 ] . Our data on Brn3c null mouse mutants nevertheless suggest that the high to low frequency progressive hearing loss in humans may correlate with the unknown factor(s) that mediate apical spiral neuron survival into adulthood.
The demonstration of two non-overlapping sets of T1R and T2R expressing cells in mice suggests that sweet or bitter tastes might be encoded by activation of different subsets of taste receptor cells (TRCs) within the same taste bud [ 6 ] .
These data indicate that, as suggested from the previous studies, within the limits of the cell culture system, HPT are the most sensitive to Stx-1 cytotoxicity of the three cell types, HGEC are slightly less sensitive, and HGEN are at least three orders of magnitude less sensitive than either HGEC or HPT.
In general, laboratory findings suggest that COX, especially COX-2, may provide a potential target for the prevention and possible treatment of pancreatic cancer.
Our results suggest that incorporation of 2-aminoadenosine (DAP) triphosphate into target cRNA samples may increase hybridization signal intensity for a wide variety of RNA:DNA hybrid duplexes.
For the P2X receptor it has been suggested that the Ca 2+-permeable channels grow in size to form the dye-permeable pores through either aggregation of channel subunits or through dilation of the existing channel pore structure [ 12, 18, 19, 20, 21].
While some residents may have had detailed conversation with patients and families, resident responses seem to suggest otherwise - that care goals were often poorly understood.
These observations in mice suggest that mutations in the human KIT gene (MIM 164920) might be a cause of premature ovarian failure in women.
Cisplatin causes two types of DNA damage, DNA adducts and inter-stranded cross-linking, resulting in activation of apoptosis pathway in the target tumor cells [ 13 14 ] . Our results suggest that inhibition of tyrosine kinase activity of the potential targets by Gleevec appear to potentiate the effect of cisplatin in DNA-damage induced apoptosis in A549 cells.
The functional role of chemokine receptors in inflammatory cell recruitment is suggested from animal models of RA.
Despite homogeneity in current socioeconomic status, our study suggests that among women aged 50 years and older, breast cancer cases might have been more likely than controls to have grown up in more affluent families, although the results are largely due to the small proportion of subjects reporting their family's socioeconomic status as 'upper' before age 21 years.
mod(mdg4) has been implicated in a range of cellular and developmental processes, including chromatin insulator functions [ 52] and apoptosis [ 53], and it has been suggested that its many different isoforms underlie the pleiotropic nature of this gene [ 49].
Extreme positive scores suggest GO terms with the greatest confidence that the correlation between the expression changes of the genes in this grouping are not occurring by chance alone.
Recent legislative language adopted by the House Committee on Government Reform suggests elevating the undersecretary for management to a deputy secretary, equivalent to the deputy position provided for in the Administration's proposal.
Of the Hindu temples (13–29), Cave 14 is an interesting transition from the Buddhist caves, because in the pantheon of Hindu gods, Vishnu sits in a meditative pose, suggesting he was converted from a Buddha.
The expression of Tnfrh1 only at the fetal-maternal boundary obviously suggests that this gene may play a role in modulating either immune or trophic interactions between the invasive placental trophoblast and the uterine host tissue.
The first statement suggests that the rate difference be set equal to the simple cost difference.
In reacting to the revelation, Elie Wiesel summons a simple fact that suggests how much times have changed: the current presidents of Harvard, Yale, and Princeton are Jewish.
6) suggests that HUVEC can release different types of annexin V-binding MP with respect to their antigen expression.
In Fas deficient hepatocytes, toxic bile acids were still able to induce apoptosis, suggesting that bile acids are capable of stimulating multiple pathways to initiate cell death [ 26 ] .
Since HCTAR’s 1992 survey, informal case evidence suggests that these disparities in operating and financial performance have only grown larger, as lean retailing continues to sweep across distribution channels.
bosom pressers, breast buffers, chick sexers Not names for denizens of Manhattan's 42nd Street, although the functions suggested doubtless occur there if the price is right.
However, in women who were over the age of 55 (n = 1091), that is, probably after the age of menopause at the time that their BMD was measured, a positive association of BMD and breast cancer was suggested (p = 0.04 for trend in a quartile comparison).
The apparent absence of MHCK-C from the furrow in early/mid cytokinesis, when myosin II is clearly accumulating, suggests that specific regulatory mechanisms may exist to recruit this enzyme to the furrow during late cytokinesis.
Using these membranes, filtration binding assays were performed according to previously described protocols [ 28 ] . To reduce nonspecific binding, 96-well filtration plates (fiberglass FB filters; Millipore, Bedford, USA) were pre-coated as suggested by the manufacturer with 0.5% polyethyleneimine + 0.1% BSA and then washed four times with 0.1% BSA.
The screen and the clacking keys suggest it has to be something high tech.
The 5' ends of a large subset of experimentally derived Drosophila miRNAs were recently observed to be perfectly complementary to Brd boxes, K boxes and GY boxes, a set of 3' UTR sequence motifs involved in post-transcriptional regulation [ 47 53 54 55 ] . This suggests that, at least in Drosophila , a subset of relevant miRNA targets might be found by searching for complements to the 5'-most 8-10 nucleotides of miRNAs in 3' UTRs.
2. GSTCdc6 eluted from the beads following high salt wash failed to give any band shift suggesting that the ~35 kDa polypeptide was responsible for the DNA binding activity.
CCL2, CCL3, CCL5 and CXCL8 occur in human RA synovial fluid and tissue [ 8 ] . Therefore the ligands for the binding sites described here occur endogenously within the RA joint, adding further evidence towards a role for these receptors in vivo . In the RA joint the synovial macrophage is among the principle cell types that produce CCL2, CCL3 and CXCL8 [ 8 17 ] . The finding of chemokine receptors on these cells suggests that macrophages may amplify inflammation by attracting cells of the same type, and other cell types, into the joint thereby setting up a positive feedback loop.
Dysfunction of voltage dependent anion channel opening, ADP/ATP exchange, the electron transport chain, oxidative phosphorylation, and calcium buffering through the action of this family of proteins have been reported [ 6 7 8 ] . While early defects in the electron transport chain can be reversed by addition of exogenous cytochrome c, the damage eventually becomes refractory to cytochrome c addition [ 8 ] . This finding suggests that pro-death Bcl-2 proteins can damage mitochondrial function independent of cytochrome c loss.
But a closer look at Bush's comments suggests the opposite: He is concerned that the party looks mean because of its economic policies, and he is using cultural issues to soften that image by projecting Republican "compassion."
Together, these results suggest that translation of the +1 frame of GFP, after the random peptide insert, results in a molecule with activator properties.
The v-crk SH2 domain interacts with YXXP motifs upon phosphorylation, suggesting that both of these regions may be able to interact with v-crk [ 37 ] . Fusions of the kinase inactive Src kinase domain and either the full Cas SD, the 5' region of the Cas SD (Cas(5'SD), containing 4 YQXP motifs) or the 3' of the Cas SD (Cas(3'SD), containing 9 YDXP motifs), are not stably tyrosine phosphorylated when expressed alone in cells (data not shown and see Fig.
Clozapine is metabolized mainly at the liver resulting in several metabolites [ 5 14 ] . One of the major metabolites, N-desmethylclozapine has been shown to have pharmacological activity both in vitro [ 28 ] and in vivo in rats [ 29 ] . In addition, N-desmethylclozapine is found in large concentrations in the serum of schizophrenic patients [ 5 15 ] and in rats [ 30 ] . The contribution of N-desmethylclozapine to clozapine's central effects has been questioned recently, since the levels of N-desmethylclozapine in the brain were much lower than those of clozapine [ 30 ] suggesting that N-desmethylclozapine does not cross the blood-brain barrier as readily as clozapine.
That number is high--the American Bar Association suggests 3% as a goal--but the drop appears significant and it's arguable that the firms reporting seem likely to be the ones donating the most.
[ 12 ] on the G448A polymorphism of the β-fibrinogen gene suggested that mechanisms linking fibrinogen and the development of cerebrovascular disease may be different in men and women.
In a 10 min experiment at 1.5 dynes/cm 2, fluid is perfused at 75 μl/min for a total of 750 μl or only 88% of the volume, suggesting that the flowing neutrophils do not pass over the monolayers more than once.
Our findings suggest that managed care patients who may benefit the most from intensive diabetes management may be least likely to self-monitor blood glucose.
The combination of these factors suggests that high variance SKUs are the best candidates for a plant with short lead times—the higher direct costs of production are balanced by the reduction in inventory carrying costs resulting from the shorter manu-facturing lead times.
Early reviews of Danticat's latest novel suggest that, miraculously, she doesn't disappoint.
All the evidence suggests that cells have evolved to lie in the ordered regime, fairly near the edge of chaos.
Two observations suggested to us that none of the known SLC4A9 mRNA isoforms is full length: the open reading frames (ORFs) of all the isoforms start at the very first or second base at the 5' end of the clones, and the complete inserts of the clones are ≤ 3.6 kb, whereas the SLC4A9 transcripts on northern blots are 4.3 and 6.0 kb (Figure 2).
The fact that we recovered recessive, semi-dominant, and dominant mutants in additional tab genes suggests that there are likely to be multiple dosage-sensitive positive and negative regulatory controls that act downstream of or parallel to CDC15.
Our analysis suggests that replication is essential for ensuring data quality, whether spotting replicate clones on single arrays or performing multiple independent hybridization assays.
5, some evidence suggests that the existence of Social Security may have reduced personal saving.
The film doesn't show that Wallace later apologized for his segregationist views on TV, suggesting that his conversion had political motives.
α-SMA content and apoptosis were evaluated as a function of serum, TGFβ1 and collagen type I. The observed phenotypic differences between fibroblasts grown from glabrous vs. nonglabrous tissue suggest a reason for the exclusion of keloids from specific body sites of keloid prone individuals.
Low postpartum estrogen levels as well as increased peripartum testosterone levels have been associated with increased depressive and anger symptoms [ 6 7 ] . Even lower levels of cholesterol have been linked with symptoms of anxiety, anger, hostility, and depression in the postpartum period [ 8 ] . As the diversity of implicated risk factors suggests, postpartum mood disorders, like many psychiatric entities, most likely have a multifactorial etiology which has not been well delineated.
In addition, using cells expressing wild-type cPLA 2 and cPLA 2 with S505A or S727A mutations, it was found that translocation kinetics and membrane targeting in response to ATP or ionomycin was similar to wild-type cPLA 2 . These data suggest that MEK1 inhibition reduces cPLA 2 catalytic activity and AA release independently of phosphorylation and translocation.
Thus, these data suggest that inactivation of the
The memorized-order phenomenon in restaurants is meant, I think, to suggest an extreme competence, as well as some more subtextual kind of intimacy--as if the waiter is really just a guy you know and you're telling him what you'd like to eat as long as he's going to the kitchen anyway.
The results suggest that the expression of Met in the axillary drainage might have prognostic significance.
The fact that most sequences were not identified multiple times suggests that we have not exhaustively sequenced all of the DpnII fragments from cDNAs expressed in the hamster testis.
7. Which elements of Monica's story suggest she is given to telling the truth?
First, Dlakic [ 12 ] and Hofmann et al [ 13 ] showed that the yCCR4 C-terminus contains a fold related to the Mg 2+-dependent endonuclease core, suggesting that it may function as a nuclease.
These results suggest that a single site mutation at either one of the positions 355, 356 or 357 significantly inactivates PAI-1.
Our results suggest that there is significant uncertainty in the molar ratio of spike-in mRNAs to template-derived cRNAs in any hybridization (the spike-skew effect).
Interestingly, the conversion of these mutants to latent forms was ~3-4 fold faster than wtPAI-1, suggesting that the Asp355-Pro357 segment is involved in maintaining the inhibitory conformation of PAI-1.
This study suggests that the first-line drug therapy for patients diagnosed with gastric ulcer should be a PPI, in preference to an H2 antagonist.
The presence of mild increase in the urinary excretion of orotic acid in this patient could also suggest mitochondrial dysfunction, convalidating this hypothesis.
Yeats was a Protestant in a Catholic country, which, Foster suggests, might have led him to overcompensate with a romantic idealization of Ireland fiercer than that of his Catholic countrymen.
Constitution was breached in this case when "the House of Representatives sent Mr. Clinton to trial in the Senate at the same time as some of its members suggested that censure, rather than impeachment, was the aim.
Indeed, Champagne et al . [ 12 ] suggested that the differentiation may not be linear at all.
For another, mainland-connected players generally are able to buy in at much better terms than anyone else--certainly at terms better than their balance sheets suggest they deserve.
Dynamic changes in MHC phosphorylation levels within the contractile ring have been reported in dividing sea urchin embryos [ 35 ] , suggesting that MHC phosphorylation as a mechanism regulating furrow myosin II disassembly may occur in other systems besides D. discoideum . We suggest that MHCK-C participates in this regulated myosin II filament disassembly in D. discoideum , and that this function may be regulated at both the cellular and biochemical level.
It is interesting to note that in native genes, A+T-rich genes tend to show a higher slope for the regression plot, suggesting that these genes might be LTGs acquired before the divergence of the considered genomes.
The results of the present study therefore, suggest that the MTX-sensitive channel may be responsible for the rise in [Ca 2+] i produced by receptor stimulation in some cell types, but not in others.
What is truly odd is lawyers suggesting that cutting a lousy deal absolves them of blame for working for creeps.
Early signs suggest he knew a lot and helped clean it up.
I can suggest a possibility about how such an unjust and demonstrably false characterization of my views came to appear in your message to [Philip] Gourevitch.
At the 5 minute measurement, however, IOP was the same using all doses suggesting that the anesthetic effect on IOP had not yet occurred.
"His presence [in Seattle], and his efforts to clinch China's WTO entry, suggest he has a strong personal commitment to the global trade system," the FT said in an editorial.
Does the close adherence of British women of all classes to accepted proper norms suggest women's repression?
Specifically, if the plasmid-borne arsenate reductases are similar, this would suggest a common origin for these genes, which must ultimately be chromosomal.
But the statistics, which come from the government's latest Drug Abuse Warning Network (DAWN) survey, come with a disclaimer suggesting that the explanation may be multiple visits by aging druggies who are using the ER for a variety of health problems.
The lack of aberrant neuronal proliferation in our mice suggests that differentiated neurons may not be as susceptible to the mitogenic effects of Wnt signaling as are neuroepithelial progenitor cells [ 22 ] .
For instance, the NYT reports that when Clinton suggested that the grand jurors themselves wielded a definition of sex, that like his, required sexual intercourse, some of the jurors sent back word that no, they wanted him to address more specifically what he and Lewinsky did, but Clinton politely refused.
It also seems very unlikely that the specific structural configuration of 2 carboxylic acid groups and arginine in bR could be conserved in pR, even if, as suggested previously [ 1 ] , other surface carboxylic acids in pR could substitute in some ways for the roles of E194 and E204 in bR.
The inhibitory effect of CPT on collagen gene expression suggests that Topo I inhibitors may be an effective treatment for limiting fibrosis in SSc patients.
Since monoclonal antibody NMT-1 is specific for nmt55/p54 nrbprotein [ 13 ] , the results suggest that polyclonal antibodies NMT-4 and NMT-5 are specific to nmt55/p54 nrband do not detect related RNA binding proteins.
Consistent with this idea, E2F overproduction can induce apoptosis [ 12 ] [ 13 ] . Furthermore, cell cycle specific destruction of E2F was suggested by the finding that E2F protein becomes undetectable in the synchronised S phase cells of the morphogenetic furrow of the eye imaginal disc [ 12 ] . Our double labelling analysis extended this finding to the asynchronously cycling cells of the wing imaginal disc and demonstrated that E2F is rapidly degraded prior to significant DNA replication.
It fetishizes the national sovereignty of half-baked multiethnic congeries (such as Somalia, ex-Yugoslavia, and Liberia) whose collapse into tribal warfare suggests they may not really be organic "nations" after all.
Wolf suggests that the candidate knows this well."
The rabbi, president of Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion, our seminary, suggests that as anti-Semitism has declined in America, the larger society less frequently reminds Jews of their identity, so people embrace ritual to, as he puts it, "find themselves Jewishly."
• When I spoke to the Parcel Shippers Association in June of last year I suggested that, given the Service's economies of scale in delivery, alliances with other transportation or delivery firms to carry their parcels the last mile
High serum PCT concentrations were first described by Assicot and coworkers [ 16] in children with severe bacterial infections, and were suggested to be a specific marker for bacterial infection.
He suggested that conference participants needed to interact with individuals and groups that influence policy.
The in silico analysis suggests that the tpi -metabolic network was restricted by the ability to regenerate phosphoenolpyruvate (PE) for the PTS, and the in silico analysis identified 3 metabolic 'routes' for the regeneration of PEP.
With increasing amount of ATPγS, the band shift was completely inhibited suggesting that ATP hydrolysis is required for this DNA binding activity.
However our findings that PI3K levels remained elevated for 48 hours, while PKB-α decreased, suggest that PI3K regulates signaling pathways in adherent vascular neutrophils that are distinct from PKB-α.
No single question was suggested by more than one respondent.
Our data suggests that gamma-tocopherol could play a significant role in modulating intracellular antioxidant defence mechanisms.
And fourth, a role of BMPR-IB in luteogenesis was suggested by our finding that luteinization and luteolysis, respectively are characterized by the absence and presence of BMPR-IB expression in the CL.
Furthermore, experimental evidence suggests that when a signaling network is activated, positive feedback mechanisms upregulate the expression of genes that encode pathway proteins [ 26 ] , implying that this rationale is also applicable to "surveillance" pathways, whose protein components may need to be constitutively present in small quantities, but whose concentration increases with activation.
It has also been suggested that targeted proteolysis is a means of regulating other physiological responses, such as signaling through STAT factors [ 45] and heat shock [ 46].
A simple phylogenetic tree showing the relationships between the arsenate reductases of seven Bacteria (those that had been confirmed to possess the gene at that time) was presented as part of a study that identified the arsenic resistance genes of Thiobacillus ferrooxidans (now Acidithiobacillus ferroxidans ) [ 27 ] . Saltikov and Olson [ 28 ] used probes/primers based on the E. coli ars operon to detect ars genes in natural environments, and presented a phylogenetic analysis of these genes, however their analysis was largely confined to enteric bacteria (those that were similar enough to E. coli to be detected) and they emphasized the arsB gene rather than arsC . As part of a review of microbial arsenic transformations, we recently determined a preliminary arsC phylogeny based on 19 sequences [ 29 ] . These three studies reported phylogenies that suggested a common origin for the ars genes examined [ 27 28 29 ] . An alternative view suggested by Mukhopadhyay et al.
This strongly suggests that interventions that enhance TGF-β function early in tumorigenesis could delay or prevent the course of the disease.
Philosopher Thomas Nagel has suggested that something humanly inconceivable lies behind the big bang.
[ 26] suggest that release of the γ-phosphate of ATP may be through a hole in the structure centered around an absolutely conserved arginine residue (residue 654, DmyoII) which is also absolutely conserved in all Arabidopsis myosins.
This work supports recent efforts to collect disease associated mutational data in databases and suggests that many of the mutations represented in those databases are the likely underlying molecular cause of disease.
MSF1p' is proposed to be involved in mitochondrial protein sorting [ 27], suggesting that the PRELI/MSF1p' domain may also have a function associated with cellular membranes.
In line C73, the transition probably began in T2 seedlings, as suggested by the small fraction of adult T2 plants with a cop1-like PTGS phenotype.
Both of these findings suggest distinct pathways for agrin and laminin induced receptor aggregation, and this conclusion is strengthened by the observation laminin, unlike agrin, dramatically increased the density of receptors within aggregates (Figure 2D), as reported previously [ 1 ] . The independence of pathways is also indicated by the profoundly different effects of the two stimuli on aggregate distribution.
These results suggest an altered pseudopodial extension although a defect in contractibility could be involved as a secondary mechanism for formation of aberrant processes.
Taken together, our data suggest that the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells may not regulate the development of PGIA.
This suggests that the Western results may reveal an isoform that is endogenous to each tissue.
However, the inhibitory effects were most striking for Rel A suggesting the inhibitors primarily target the RSV induction of Rel A.
16 Some have suggested a connection between these policies and price fluctuations.
But the history of the past decade suggests the reverse: It is Tudjman who has been flexible enough to triumph, and Milosevic who has been imprisoned by ideology.
This suggests that (i) there is no obvious nucleotide requirement to activate the RNAseH activity, and (ii) any DNA synthesis that may have occurred on the substrates during the reaction (either primed by the oligonucleotide or produced by the trans reaction) was insufficient to induce detectable RNAseH activity.
These findings suggest that DAP use could be exploited in RNA samples that are limited, such as tumor biopsies.
Then Burke yelled at me for having the temerity to even suggest that the ex-U-Haul employee K. quoted might be right.
The observation that deletion mutants lacking all the p24 proteins still show normal trafficking of certain proteins such as carboxypeptidase Y, suggests that there are some protein-trafficking pathways that are unaffected by their absence.
Comparison of absolute values of probe intensities across the different experimental conditions of the study suggest that thermodynamic equilibrium may be dominated by stable nonspecific interactions essentially decreasing target availability (that is, cross-target bridges) in the presence of complex cRNA.
In the transgenic line expressing high levels of human wild-type β-catenin, significant amounts of FLAG epitope-tagged protein were detected, however overall β-catenin levels were only slightly increased, suggesting the mechanisms that normally regulate β-catenin level were able to compensate for the addition of the human transgenic protein.
This suggested that genomes were at equilibrium with respect to mutation, and explained how directional mutation could affect the composition of coding sequences [ 1, 3, 4], although it does not explain why species with similar genome compositions have recognizably distinct sequences for individual genes.
The DNA was transferred to a membrane (Zeta-probe GT genomic tested blotting membrane, Bio-Rad, CA) with 0.4 M sodium hydroxide after treatment with 0.25 N hydrochloric acid as suggested by the manufacturer.
Built on reclaimed marshland, as its name suggests, the Marais contains some of Europe’s most elegant Renaissance mansions (hôtels), many of which now serve as museums and libraries.
This nuclear response combines the jury nullification and constitutional duty arguments, suggesting that Clinton's removal would violate the Constitution and "undo the election."
They suggested that military commanders avoid civilian cyber targets (banks, universities) as carefully as they would if they were bombing brick-and-mortar sites, the Post reports.
In the matter of the adoption of English in preference to German as the official American language [XVII,3], according to George Berlitz's book, Native Tongues (Granada, 1983), Hebrew and French as well as German were suggested, with German favored for several reasons:
Amazon has so far used that information in limited ways--occasionally I'll get an e-mail suggesting I might want to buy a new CD that's like other CDs I've bought in the past--but the more products it sells, the more information it will collect and the more the information that will become relevant.
These data suggest that fiber organization in the outer hair cell region is partly disrupted in Brn3c null mutant.
It has been suggested that pathologic activation of the mucosal immune system in response to antigens is a key factor in the pathogenesis of IBD.
I am writing only to indicate what pleasure the ballet, now readily available on videotape, has given this klutz, and to suggest that others like me might also get pleasure from it.
Their location close to the surface suggests they become labelled in the yolk syncitial layer (YSL).
In previous work, we demonstrated that BMP-7 could stimulate DNA synthesis in rat GC [ 13 ] , as it does in human osteoblasts [ 36 ] . Equally relevant, several reports have demonstrated the role for BMP-7 in preventing apoptosis in other cell systems [ 37 38 ] . Together, these data suggest that theca-derived BMP-7 might be a follicle survival factor through its ability to enhance GC proliferation and suppress apoptosis.
Moreover, the relatively weak phosphorylation of cellular proteins induced by Btk:ER does not suggest that Lyn and/or Syk are becoming activated (Fig 1C).
The Journal also reports that NBC honcho Warren Littlefield suggests his network, looking at post-Seinfeld, ratings, uh, shrinkage, is actively considering merging with a cable company (to get a piece of subscriber fees) or TV studio (to get a piece of syndication fees).
I submit that this oversight suggests either that Foer isn't as informed on the subject as he appears to be, or that his politics are showing.
However, pTK2 was readily digested with S1 nuclease, which resulted in the appearance of four novel bands suggesting two potential nuclease-hypersensitive sites (Fig.
Antagonists to 5-HT 3 Rs are clinically efficacious in the treatment of chemotherapy-induced emesis [ 15 ] and recent studies on human subjects have suggested their potential application in the treatment of early onset alcoholism [ 16 17 ] .
These observations strongly suggest that results for significantly altered genes should be confirmed with other traditional techniques such as Northern blots or RNase protection assays prior to reporting the fold increase.
These observations, taken together, suggested that CyaB and soluble mammalian thiamine triphosphatases define a novel superfamily of conserved domains, which may either occur by itself or in combination with other domains.
These data suggest that in the unliganded state, hypophosphorylated RARα can mimic the effects of RA on EGFR expression, ERK1 activity, and AP-1 protein levels.
One study of urban malaria behaviours does suggest that poorer households are less likely to be using protection against mosquito bites [ 15 ] . But this study used location alone as a proxy for wealth.
However, the E -value for each BLAST hit was quite different between TBLASTX and BLASTN, suggesting that an arbitrary threshold E -value is critical to determine acceptance of BLAST matches between evolutionarily distant nucleotide sequences and to place the homeologs on Arabidopsis chromosomes.
He'll have to, suggests James Adams, a predecessor, who calls UPI a "sclerotic, corrupted organization" staffed by "tired hacks."
Until then, we would suggest that the possibility of other drug toxicities, including drug interactions, be thoroughly excluded before prescribing benzodiazepines in this population.
Localization of this protein to the nucleus also mirrors that of endogenous PP1α in vivo . When using this system to forcibly overexpress 6His-HA-PP1α, there is a concomitant decrease in endogenous PP1α levels, suggesting the existence of an autoregulatory mechanism by which PP1α protein levels remain constant.
Although less frequent, 1p gains are also common to many tobacco-associated malignancies [ 11 13 14 15 16 ] . Work by Racz and colleagues suggest that PAX7 and ENO1 may be candidate oncogenes in this region [ 21 ] . PAX7 is part of a family of transcription factors known to be carcinogenic.
This study provides evidence suggesting that anti-Sa anti-bodies appear to be a marker for a subset of early RA patients whose disease may be more severe and erosive.
Thus, our data also suggest that epigenetic changes that accompany methylation are common in CC and play critical role in CC development.
This suggests that Btk can function independently of catalytic activity, perhaps as an adapter protein, and that Btk-induced PLCγ2 phosphorylation is not essential for PLCγ2 activation.
Genomic and expression data suggest that the purpose of Asw is titration of Hint function.
Given the variety of gene-regulatory phenomena that long-duplex dsRNA has been suggested or shown to influence [ 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12], experimental approaches are required to query whether and how each of these overlaps is functionally relevant.
Recent studies have demonstrated upregulation of C/EBP in lung injury induced by LPS in vivo [ 52 53 ] . Our findings are consistent with this report and suggest that this transcription factor may be a marker of tissue injury.
In addition, this preliminary comparative survey of the genomes of M. avium and M. paratuberculosis show even greater similarity (97%) than the literature suggests (72% to 95%) [ 2 ] .
Many neural plate cells in excess of known post-mitotic neurons expressed dlA and dlD , suggesting that these cells include neural precursors [ 26, 27, 28].
When the myosin activity was blocked with BDM treatment, continued actin polymerization, thought to occur as elongation of existing filaments, lead to protrusion [ 12 27 28 ] . Our observation of BDM activity suggests an alternative explanation.
Inside stories at the WP and NYT report that the State Department, in an attempt to convince other countries to maintain tough sanctions against Saddam Hussein, yesterday released new evidence suggesting that under the sanctions Hussein has enough money to feed his people and provide them with medicine but has chosen to spend it on other things.
He merely drew attention, correctly, to the damaging fact that Dukakis had tolerated a furlough program for especially violent criminals in his state even after a horrific incident strongly suggested this was a bad policy.
The split vote on abortion suggests a subtlety among voters that critics of initiatives rarely acknowledge.)
Prudie suggests you not feel flattered by this proposition and get a grip.
Because most proteins that bind calmodulin through the 1-8-14 and 1-5-10 motifs do so strongly, the relatively modest affinity of IQ3 for calmodulin in the presence of Ca 2+suggests that calmodulin binds through one of these imperfect motifs located within this IQ domain.
Taken together, these findings suggest that IgG1 antibodies contribute importantly to the development of anaphylaxis in both of these models.
In primary β-cells from the mouse, activation of PKC by PMA did not cause any change in membrane potential [ 15 16 ] , although in the same cell type, PMA reduced the glucose-stimulated elevation of [Ca 2+] i depending on activation of PKC [ 16 ] . On the other hand, recent studies in myocytes suggest that activation of PKC increases the open-time probability of K ATP (SUR2, Kir6.
Links between Pfam families like these suggest novel hypotheses about family interactions that may be further explored.
The director's beautiful detachment suggests a kind of cowardice.
Recent ideas on the origin of life suggest that early cellular structures were abiotic iron-sulfur formations at submarine hydrothermal vents in the Hadean ocean, in which basic biochemical and metabolic processes could have developed before the formation of cell membranes [ 39 40 ] . As well as iron and sulfur, hydrothermal areas are often are often characterized by high levels of arsenic [ 41 ] and may even contain arsenic redox active microbial communities [ 42 ] . Given the integral role of phosphate in early (and current) cellular metabolism [ 39 ] , an ability to reduce the levels of arsenate (a phosphate analog) might have been an essential biochemical process.
Interestingly, the dendrogram suggested that the expression pattern of the normal samples was more similar to the CC than to the Chr samples.
A previous analysis of the complete Arabidopsis thaliana genome sequence suggested the presence of about 1500 TFs with recognizable motifs [ 3 ] . A search of the TAIR website http://www.arabidopsis.orgindicated that very few TF sequences can be retrieved using a search with the key words "transcription factor" or "regulatory protein".
This is in contrast to the microarray data that suggested they were down regulated (Table 1).
Conservatives who were annoyed by Newt's nice-guy act were truly outraged when he suggested that one way to get a balanced-budget agreement might be to put off tax cuts.
This suggests that disappearance of TBP and TAF II 135 in extracts from differentiated cells does not occur at the transcriptional level, but rather results from a post-transcriptional event.
Evidence suggests that gain of function in PAX7 triggers neoplastic development by maintaining cells in a deregulated, undifferentiated and proliferative state, as is seen in alveolar rhabdomyosarcomas.
Observations made in the past several years suggest that a subset of Smad family proteins play key roles in transmitting the signals of BMPs from the activated receptors at the cell surface to the nucleus to regulate gene expression.
The throughput and reproducibility also is sufficient for mutagenesis screens [ 28 29 30 ] . These are important approaches as they may allow the association of genes with IOP and glaucoma whose currently known functions do not suggest that they affect aqueous humor dynamics or do not immediately identify them as likely glaucoma candidates.
Still the effective central doses are approximately 14× less than the first dose observed to produce significant results intravenously, and suggests a possible central site of action.
What was newsworthy is what the authors suggests we should do to prevent rape.
Moreover, as suggested in a recent study [ 12 ] , in vivo culture may selectively improve the capacity of a phage to replicate on and kill bacteria in a mammalian host.
Whether or not he can "solve problems" as the chyron suggests he will, and despite the fact that Bio is mute on his plans, the leaders and cops who surround him in these scenes provide visual endorsements, suggesting that he stands for progress.
Therefore, these data suggest that the reduction of TK-1 adhesion is approximately 84% (42%/50%) MAdCAM-1 dependent, and that the remaining 16% of adhesion depends on other ECAMs, (such as ICAM-1).
'Someone suggested that was a homeless person out there,' the scientist joked."
These observations suggest a likely important role for this calcium transporter in vitamin D-dependent calcium absorption.
Our results from digestions with three different restriction enzymes suggest that there are three insertions in the EL702C line and a single insertion in the EL702E line per haploid genome, consistent with the data obtained with the lac operator probe (Figure 2).
Likewise, Clinton suggested this week that in war the occasional embassy bombing is to be expected.
However, these same data indicate that less than 6% of the variance in evolutionary rates is explained by the variance in the number of protein-protein interactions, suggesting that the influence of the number of interacting partners on protein evolutionary rates might not be substantial.
You especially underrate Cook's careful narrative of ER's emotional life, in suggesting that her bio is given to "sweeping generalizations about emotional needs."
Might I suggest another explanation?
Recent studies [ 32] have suggested that there is an intrinsic defect in the development of IL-4-producing effector cells in RA patients.
As an alternative to my approach, in which the growth in Holocaust memory is to be explained by the contemporary purposes it serves, you suggest a focus on the Jewish tradition of remembering catastrophes.
But Time suggests that even these bold quasientrepreneurs need to commiserate around the water cooler.
These data suggest that behavioral factors, as well as HbA 1c , are important determinants of Candida colonization among women with diabetes.
Setting standards and assessing the quality of care through performance review should become part of everyday clinical practice [ 1 ] . The study of prescribing patterns seeks to monitor, evaluate and suggest modifications in practitioners' prescribing habits so as to make medical care rational and cost effective.
In Xenopus, biochemical analysis of replication and cell cycle events using egg extracts has helped to understand the mechanism of eukaryotic DNA replication [ 10 ] . However, two dimensional gel electrophoresis analysis of the rDNA locus showed that replication initiated at all sites tested [ 11 ] . All six human homologs of yeast and Drosophila ORC subunits have been cloned and characterized [ 12 13 ] . Other replication proteins like Cdc6, Cdt1, MCMs, Cdc45 that are essential for initiation of DNA replication have also been reported [ 12 ] . Conservation of replication factors among higher eukaryotes suggests that functionally they may play similar roles.
The mean probandwise MZ concordance rate for unipolar depression (40%) is more than twice that for DZ twins (17%) [ 43 ] as well as for narrowly defined depression (50%:29%) [ 44 ] suggesting the presence of genetic determinants.
Two strategies suggest themselves for circumventing the problem of ADE from dengue vaccination.
To some critics, the mystery isn't, as Harris suggests, how women throughout history have exploited their sexual power over men, but how pimps like him have come away with the profit.
Finally inclusion of EDTA in the reaction mixture inhibited the binding reaction suggesting that the divalent cations are essential for this binding activity.
That only 15 cases have been reported since 1960 suggests under-reporting or under-diagnosis, especially for those cases of splenic rupture in the setting of naturally acquired infection [ 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26].
Also, distensibility was significantly increased, which we suggest may be due to a reduction in arterial collagen.
The data suggested clinical benefit as assessed from the mean change from baseline in the Crohn's Disease Severity Index after 21 days at doses of 16 and 40 μg/kg per week ( P < 0.05).
Is Close (with MoMA's cooperation) suggesting there were violent tensions in this marriage, which ended in divorce?
TRAIL is also secreted by S. aureus -infected osteoblasts, suggesting that TRAIL could influence cells outside the environment of a localized bacterial infection.
On the other hand, cAMP is known to participate in the growth and differentiation of varied cell types (including thymocytes), through the transcriptional regulation of specific genes [ 32 33 34 ] . The unique cAMP signaling which specifically targets the expression of the CD8 mRNAs (α and β), suggests that PKA activation may result in the transduction of signals that determine the selection of T lymphocytes in favor of the CD4 +CD8 -lineage, by down-regulating and possibly turning off the expression of the CD8 transcripts.
Their every incentive is to prosecute, since failure to prosecute suggests that the whole enterprise was needless.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) is elevated in sera and synovial fluid of patients with RA, suggesting that it may play a role in the pathology of the disease [ 4 ] . Soluble TNF-α receptor or neutralizing antibodies against TNF-α have been shown to prevent collagen-induced arthritis in mice [ 5 6 ] . Furthermore, a human TNF-α (hTNF-α) transgenic mouse (Tg197) develops a chronic, progressive polyarthritis with histologic features in common with RA [ 7 ] . Weight loss and joint swelling in these mice are correlated with expression of hTNF-α mRNA in the joints [ 7 ] and hTNF-α concentrations in the serum [ 8 9 ] . Previously, Keffer et al.
Pollock suggested that ED visits are crucial opportunities, and the supporting text for this recommendation can make that clear.
Spectrin and protein 4.1 form a complex with actin filaments [ 17 26 ] that may be important in signaling in additional to forming a physical link between the cytoskeletal network and the cell membrane [ 27 ] . Furthermore, PI4K activity has been shown to associate with the actin cytoskeleton by biochemical detergent extraction [ 28 ] and is thought to specifically localize with α3β1 integrin [ 29 ] . PI4K catalyzes the production of phosphatidylinositol-4-phosphate, an intermediate in multiple phosphatidylinositol signaling pathways which itself can interact with actin binding proteins to regulate microfilament polymerization [ 30 ] . Our work now suggests that the mRNAs of these proteins are all positioned in close association with the actin cytoskeleton to permit efficient localization of their protein products.
The serendipitous success of the human siRNA against rat profilin suggested that small mismatch(es) may be tolerated in RNA interference, the details of which will be published elsewhere.
Ppt1p shares several biochemical properties with PP5 and other homologs, including a similar domain structure and stimulation by lipid in vitro . Unlike PP5, Ppt1p is not fully activated by removal of the TPR domain or by removal of 9 C-terminal residues, suggesting that these regions may not play an autoinhibitory role in Ppt1p.
Only in the two outer protomers, AAA1 and AAA6, do the AAA sequence motifs depart sufficiently from their canonical forms to suggest that the protomers containing them play a less active role in midasin function.
The high degree of similarity between the corresponding human and murine TMCs suggests a conserved function of these proteins.
Motifs such as the ATP/GTP-binding region suggest that the proteins containing them interact with or bind to certain molecules.
While national needs suggest a rapid reorganization of homeland security functions, the transition of agencies and programs into the new department is likely to take time to achieve.
The functions of Boi1/Boi2 appear to be linked to those of Cdc42 and Rho3, which are Rho-type GTPases that are important for polarized cell growth [ 4 5 6 7 8 9 ] . Boi1 and Boi2 display two-hybrid interactions with both wild-type and mutationally activated Cdc42 but not with a mutant version of Cdc42 that is predicted to be impaired in the ability to bind nucleotide, suggesting that Boi1 and Boi2 may associate with the GTP-bound ("active") form of Cdc42 [ 1 ] . Further evidence that some function of Boi1 is linked to that of Cdc42 is that overexpression of Boi1 inhibits bud emergence and that this inhibition can be suppressed by overexpression of Cdc42 [ 1 2 ] . RHO3 can serve as a multicopy suppressor of the lethality caused by deletion of BOI1 and BOI2 [ 1 2 ] . These findings are consistent with the possibilities that Boi1 and Boi2 are targets of Cdc42 that promote cell growth in a manner that is regulated by Rho3.
Moreover, the preponderance of these codons suggests that they are, in fact, the consensus, ancestral codons from which L1.
This suggests that the process that increases ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation is not reversible, at least in vitro.
Structure-function analysis of the NCoAs have revealed multiple copies of a signature motif, LXXLL, with conserved spacing that is required for interaction with nuclear receptors and CBP/p300 [ 99 101 ] . Intriguingly, different LXXLL motifs are required for PPARγ (Peroxisome Proliferator activated receptor γ, a gene down-regulated in Tat expressing cells; Acc# L07592, Table 1) function in response to different classes of ligands, suggesting distinct configuration of assembled complexes.
These results suggest that the reprogramming of donor nuclei may be started but is not completed in some embryos reconstituted with M I oocytes.
As if to counteract or reduce the frightening power suggested by many of these words, other slang expressions suggest that computers are really quite harmless.
This modest level of sensitivity suggests that testing for this spectrum of autoantibodies carries little advantages over RF alone in diagnosing early RA.
Finally, alteration of expression of an epitope on lipooligosaccharide suggests that the organism expresses a different lipooligosaccharide molecule during growth as a biofilm.
Thus, no evidence was found that would suggest washing and reusing filters up to five times systematically increases variability of hybridisation results.
Some people still suggest that Madeira is part of the lost continent of Atlantis, and though it has become easier and easier to get there, the island still seems otherworldly.
When Cole Porter in the song Just One of those Things wants to suggest the painful directness with which Dorothy Parker might have sent a discarded lover on his way, he switches incongruously from plain language to an Elizabethan flourish:
Adding reference to Australia (as suggested by the folks at Excite) leads to the Brisbane Airport's monthly quiz.
Pilot testing suggested that completion of the survey required less than 15 minutes of the patient's time.
The WP reports that a small pilot study suggests that an experimental oral contraceptive for men might work.
On Tuesday, the paper's lead story suggested that $1 billion in foreign aid had been stolen in Bosnia.
Their very existence suggests, however, that individually characterizing and understanding numerous unconventional genes will be a major challenge.
These data suggest a correlation between the loss of BRCA1 protein and an increased survival/growth advantage in anchorage-independent conditions.
Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider
Li added his support to "alcohol-related problems," but suggested another alternative, "problem drinking," which is commonly used.
Studies using knockout mice for each of these isoforms [ 9, 10, 11, 12] suggest that eNOS-derived NO is important in modulating basal pulmonary vascular tone, as well as in attenuating the development of pulmonary hypertension.
So far, Bin Ladin had not been tied personally to the attack and nobody had heard him directly order it, but two intelligence reports suggested that he was involved.
However, the failure to maintain the resistant virus on subsequent passage suggests that the pathogenicity of 14-P4 may have been only partially attenuated relative to the sensitive virus and indeed the pathogenicity of the clonal virus isolate, 14-P4E, was severely attenuated.
Earlier, J. C. Hotten's Slang Dictionary suggested it might be a corruption of contentious . Most dictionaries today accept the theory that it arose from a Middle English word conteck `quarrelling' or `contention.
Meanwhile the neat bikinis and one-piece suits also shown in the June Vogue look like timeless fashion classics, photographed on a perfect body in a manner suggesting the serene elegance of antique sculpture.
Treatment with recombinant IL-10 in CIA, in proteoglycan-induced arthritis, and in experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis reduced disease severity, and neutralizing IL-10 with antibodies exacerbated disease [ 19 20 22 23 ] . The present data are consistent with previous results and show that a complete absence of IL-10 exacerbates inflammation in CIA [ 37 38 39 ] . The anti-inflammatory properties of IL-10 suggest that endogenous IL-10 may function as a regulator of proinflammatory mediators in vivo [ 39 ] . It is interesting, however, that disease severity inversely correlates with the levels of IFN-γ in IL-10 -/-mice, suggesting that IL-10 may control disease activity via regulating IFN-γ responses.
It is ironic that lubra , a word for a black woman—usually a younger woman than is connoted by the Dharuk gin —was one of the few survivals of the Tasmanian languages, in which it has been suggested that it meant penis.
For example, the asymmetric accumulation of Fmi/Stan in wing cells is essential for marking the distal edge of wing cells [ 9 ] . However, Fmi/Stan does not accumulate asymmetrically in sensory organ precursor cell that gives rise to the bristle sense organ although the orientation of the pI cell spindle is altered in fmi/stan mutants [ 22 ] . Our observations on the arista suggest that the genetic circuitry of the fz pathway is modified in a different way in this cell type.
There was no evidence suggesting that local drinking water is an important source of cryptosporidiosis in this population.
Most of the expressions cited are totally unfamiliar to me, and I suggest that Mr. Day has played with a rhyming dictionary and dreamed many of them up for himself--harmless enough, but he ought not to pass them off as being in common usage.
Some recent gleanings, however, suggest that the opposite is true.
The expression data also suggested that centrifugation at a RCF as high as 30,000 g for four hours did not affect viability of the recombinant retrovirus.
In addition, the demonstration of similar cells in the inflammatory joint fluids and synovium of patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) suggests that these cells may play a role in the pathogenesis of RA.
3), suggesting a more aggressive phenotype.
The evidence that adolescent diet may affect the risk of breast cancer derives from several lines of evidence [ 1 ] . Rates of breast cancer among Asian immigrants to the United States do not approach those of US white women until the second or third generation, suggesting that exposures during childhood and adolescence are important in establishing a higher risk of breast cancer [ 2 3 ] . Norwegian women who were adolescents during World War II, when average caloric intake decreased by 22%, have a reduced incidence of breast cancer, suggesting that energy restriction might affect risk [ 4 ] . Similarly, in animal models, energy restriction in the peripubertal period inhibits mammary tissue proliferation and reduces the subsequent risk of mammary tumors [ 5 6 ] . Exposure of rats to carcinogens before first pregnancy increases the incidence of mammary tumors compared with exposure after first pregnancy [ 7 ] . After differentiation of the mammary gland at the time of first full-term pregnancy of the rat, the rate of cell division decreases and length of the cell cycle increases, allowing more time for DNA repair [ 8 ] . This biologic phenomenon might explain the apparent vulnerability of the adolescent breast tissue to carcinogenic exposures.
A litigation associate suggested to others that "one thing I have seen regarding experience is that the younger associates who are motivated to do pro bono work, and actually get trial/court experience that way, do get rewarded with more significant work assignments for their efforts earlier in their careers.
Together, these observations suggest that macrophage induced cell death may be important in angle morphogenesis.
Today, when commercial considerations put the publisher into the role of the patron--despite the fact that advances are repayable, risks are taken--acknowledgment of an editor's (artistic) contribution may be relegated to the closing lines of the author's foreword, which often grudgingly suggests that the work was produced in spite of rather than because of the person cited.
As his title suggests, Brokaw makes an explicit case for the superiority of the World War II generation.
The distribution of the log-signal differences used for the spatial normalization had a MAD of 0.014 for Affymetrix data compared to 0.3 for the cDNA array data of the glnA experiment, suggesting that spatial bias is more than ten times stronger for cDNA array data.
These results suggested that β-tubulin classes II and I + IV are the predominant tubulin isotypes in these tissues.
Specifically, our data suggest that the agonist binds and stabilizes (or induces) an active signaling state of Smo while the antagonists bind and stabilize (or induce) an inactive form.
This suggests the staining is somehow related to the physical properties of the probe sequence structure and is not due to some unidentified contaminant.
The Family Research Council's Gary Bauer and Eagle Forum's Phyllis Schlafly criticized him when he suggested softening the GOP platform.
Interestingly, mice lacking α-gustducin are compromised in the detection of sweet compounds as well as bitter compounds, suggesting that sweet receptors may also couple to α-gustducin [ 10].
Hence, the present identification of the human ortholog of yCCR4 and the demonstration that it binds to hPOP2 now provide an additionnal piece of the puzzle, strongly suggesting the existence of a CCR4-NOT complex in humans.
The fact that he felt the need to say this suggests he still doesn't fully believe it.
These data suggest that polyadenylation of L1 transcripts by poly(A) polymerase may not be obligatory in the formation of standard L1 insertions.
These results suggest that ALM migrations are carefully regulated by the concentration of a specific DNA binding protein that is present in the cell in only a few copies.
A subset of morphologically identifiable ME cells lacks the expression of nine corresponding immunophenotypic markers, suggesting that, like the epithelial cells, ME cells might also be subject to different normal and pathological alterations, and that alterations in ME cells might significantly affect the functions and biological behavior of the adjacent epithelial cells.
Using a recently developed algorithm, TSDfinder [ 23 37 38 ] , we have precisely identified L1 insertions in the human genome whose sequence signature suggests an L1-TD.
Furthermore, the tentative placement of disciform Kaschgaria and discoid Stilnolepis sister to the entire subtribe suggests that there may have been multiple origins for disciform, as well as discoid capitula.
4), suggesting that Pten was, indeed, made from the second allele.
Our data suggest that insulin may reduce 5-HT 2C receptor activity, thereby increasing CSF production and decreasing transferrin production.
This distribution suggests that the Drosophila Arrestin 2 might function outside the visual system.
The fact that candidates were discovered across disparate sequence-quality conditions not only provides additional validation of our methods, but also suggests a high degree of flexibility and robustness in the tool.
Rather than suggest some gentler form, Miss Manners proclaims National Civility Week beginning June 24.
A segment of 29 nucleotides that was identical with a segment in rat exon II was found, suggesting the insert was a 5' BDNF gene exon.
However, pilot studies identified a very large number of conserved stem-loops in genomic sequence, suggesting that additional criteria were necessary to make effective miRNA gene predictions.
Advantages of UHCT includes rapid scan time, avoidance of contrast related hazards, cost effectiveness, high accuracy, and its ability to suggest an alternative diagnosis for flank pain.
It was reported previously that Fmi/Stan protein accumulated to a higher level in the PI cell that forms the bristle lineage [ 22 ] . Previous experiments have shown that Fz regulates orientation of the spindle in the division of the PI cell of the bristle sense organ lineage and it has been thought that this is the way that fz regulated bristle polarity [ 4 6 ] . Our observations suggest that fz may also play a later role in specifying bristle polarity that is analogous to its role in regulating hair and lateral development.
The NYT cites law enforcement officials saying that the tape supports their account that the canisters bounced harmlessly off the bunker's roof and hence could not have started the subsequent lethal fire, and also points out that nobody in law enforcement, including Reno, has suggested that the tear-gas devices contributed to the fire.
The evaluation results of several meta-analyses of tobacco and other drug prevention programs strongly suggest that approaches based on the social influence resistance model are the most effective.
We suggest that esophageal capnometry could be used as an alternative to gastric tonometry for assessing splanchnic hypoperfusion.
Sturdy forts protected the mountain passes, and though the remains of a bathhouse at Ravenglass suggest that creature comforts weren’t entirely lacking, life for the average Roman soldier was fairly harsh.
Since both fasting and insulin deficiency are associated with reduced plasma leptin [ 5 ] , and leptin replacement reverses effects of fasting [ 6 ] and also effects of insulin deficiency on food intake and body weight [ 7 ] , it has been suggested that the reduction in leptin accounts for the reduced hypothalamic melanocortin tone in these conditions.
The response of BRCA1 mRNA and protein levels to mitogens and hormones in vitro suggests that BRCA1 may play a role in regulation of cell growth or maintenance [ 21].
He suggested handing the idea off to some "shoe-leather guys" at the Los Angeles Times .
This grass, incidentally, was called thatch locally, suggesting an early colonial use for it.
The New York Times said the decision suggests that she is covering up for Clinton by not seeking an independent counsel against him but going after Herman even though the evidence against her is relatively weak.
Significant differences between organism responses in culture water and dilution water controls could indicate toxicity in the dilution water and may suggest an alternative dilution water source.
It is suggested that carbenoxolone, by blocking GJ channels inhibits both the induction and duration of epilepsy in the in vivo models of seizures.
The importance of STAT3 activation via IL-6 in prostatic cancer development has been suggested by previous investigators.
In total, these results indicate boundaries that are significantly longer and more cohesive than is expected by chance, and suggests that spatial variation in OPR for colorectal cancer occurs on relatively large spatial scales.
Some participants suggested that perhaps serving as a director on a board should be a salaried position if shareholders were willing to bear the cost.
Microglia in the central nervous system express scavenger receptors and are involved in the oxidized LDL uptake and metabolism [ 34 ] . These cells are, thus, the macrophage-equivalent in the central nervous system [ 35 ] . Results from this laboratory showed that cholesterol oxides can cause programmed cell death in microglia [ 7 ] , which suggests that microglia, similar to macrophages, can be a potential target for oxidized LDL toxicity.
These results suggest a cooperative role between the TCF and C/EBPβ transcription factors in regulation of the c-fos SRE in response to Ras-dependent signaling pathways.
10C), suggesting that the sequestration of Hsp70 was specific.
Even so, low income was a risk factor for asthma hospitalization, suggesting that our findings may be more broadly applicable.
Prudie suggests, therefore, that you say on the invitations, "Shirley Ann's Last Birthday Party With Grown-ups."
Recent studies with okadaic acid suggest phosphorylation alters the high affinity binding of GR to hsp-90, and that an intact cytoskeleton is required for ligand-activated GR translocation through the cytoplasm to the nucleus [ 8].
3, that might suggest she was trying to fall in line with the official White House account, which in turn suggests that someone from Clinton's side somehow "got" to her.
, smoking-related disease) and the difference in the effect size between chronic exposure studies and daily mortality studies suggest that all incidences of premature mortality reduction associated with a given incremental change in PM exposure probably would not occur in the same year as the exposure reduction.
We can see that when the profiles are near these low-MI regions, the size of the clusters tends to increase dramatically, suggesting the corruption of coevolution signals (Figures 3b, 5b).
Guohua Li suggested changing the phrase "among ED patients" to "in the emergency setting" because alcohol problems are not limited to patients.
The characteristic directed migratory pattern taken by the GnRH neuron and the cohesiveness of the population suggests a more complex system is in place to ensure their appropriate translocation into the brain.
This indicates that instead of choosing the first n binary representations of symbols as suggested in [ 4 ] , the symbols should be chosen from the 2 n possible values in such a way as to balance the occurrences of 1 and 0 for each coordinate.
Caveat: it is always recommended that the results between two BLAST matches be scrutinized as reports have suggested that the closest BLAST match is often not the nearest neighbor [ 30 ] .
Mention of your "addresses and phone numbers," along with all these young people lurching in your direction would suggest there is an attraction beyond the obvious.
Protein-protein complementation between the N-terminal and C-terminal fragments produced a DHPR capable of functioning as EC coupling voltage sensor, thus suggesting the presence of at least two functional modules within α 1S . Recent evidence suggests that the four internal repeats of the voltage-gated Na +channel, which is closely related to the L-type Ca 2+channel encoded by the DHPR, have non-equivalent functional roles because the S4 segments of repeats I and II move much faster than those of repeats III and IV [ 40 ] . By analogy, the "fast-moving" module of the DHPR would be represented by the N-terminal fragment and the "slower-moving" module by the C-terminal fragment.
TGF-β1 is a mutifunctional cytokine that plays an important role in immunomodulation, inflammation and tissue repair [ 6 ] . Many studies have suggested that TGF-β could be a potential therapeutic reagent for the repair of soft tissue and bone, and following ischemic injury.
This suggests that, since their divergence, the two strains of
This result suggests that a region of PcrG including amino acid 42 is capable of interaction with Y. pestis secretion components and suggests that the homologous LcrG region is likely to be involved in LcrG's secretion-blocking activity.
In particular, since a CD8+ T-cell response to Tat appears to be the earliest, this protein may be a key component of a preventive vaccine, as suggested by other [ 35][ 36, 37, 43].
In Newsweek , for example, Stuart Taylor Jr. spends an entire column proposing and defending a better question than the media have asked Bush so far: "Would you seek long prison terms for today's 18-year-olds for doing what you say you may or may not have done as a young man--and when you now suggest that whatever you did was a mere youthful indiscretion, and thus irrelevant to your candidacy?"
Through the examination of hepatitis B virus (HBV) - and hepatitis C virus (HCV)-induced tumors, two landmark CGH studies have suggested that a subset of cytogenetic changes frequently occurs in HCC [ 11, 12].
One hidden variable the story suggests is partially responsible: The military commands tend to support the teachers in disciplinary wrangles with students and their parents.
It has been suggested that the immune response in tuberculosis may be closely related to differences between females and males in type and concentration of non-sex steroid and sex steroid hormones secreted [ 27 ] , the direction of this response difference is, however, unclear.
However, the resulting relaxation activity is much less efficient than that of the intact enzyme, suggesting that coordinated actions of the two domains are required for efficient removal of negative supercoils from DNA.
3 were both smaller in size and had an increased mitotic index, suggested that HK67.
49,50 Incorporating this perspective into interventions in the emergency setting has been suggested by several researchers.
They're not going to "shut down the recovery," suggested Begala last week, just "to start asking about whether somebody made a phone call."
Luckily for them, though, we're much further from that world of perfect competition than much recent hype would suggest.
Surprisingly, the phosphospecific antiserum did not detect Btk:ER Y223 phosphorylation in response to BCR cross-linking, suggesting that the observed phosphorylation in this case is largely due to the Y551 Lyn transphosphorylation site.
If so, I'd suggest he attend a future race and talk to some of his section-mates.
[ 11 12 13 14 ] . Kidney transplants between normal and transgenic Tg26 siblings suggested that specific HIV-1 proteins within the kidney, and not circulating factors, transform infected renal epithelium [ 13 ] . Indeed, HIV-1 transgenic mice generated with an HIV-1 proviral construct mutated in the Nef "PXXP" SH3-binding motif for Src-family kinases failed to develop nephropathy [ 31 ] , and a recent in vitro analysis of podocytes infected with single gene mutants of HIV-1 further suggest that Nef plays a central role in causing the proliferative phenotype in HIVAN [ 8 ] . Utilizing these same single gene mutant viruses, we showed here that Nef appears to be play a role in the up-regulation of cyclin D 1 by HIV-1 in vitro . Importantly, these single gene mutants do not exclude the possibility that other HIV-1 gene(s) may cooperate with nef to induce cyclin D1, particularly
This suggests that, instead of paying $2 million to $3 million per year to the Staples Center, Downing should be paying something under $1 million.
The overall pearson correlation coefficient for these two tissues is 0.113 which suggests that the peak regions observed in Figure 1are brain specific.
TSP-1 is a homotrimeric multidomain glycoprotein synthesized and secreted by numerous cell types, including platelets, vascular smooth muscle cells and keratinocytes [ 4 ] . Due to its interaction with a wide variety of proteins, TSP-1 has been implicated in a number of biological processes including coagulation, cell adhesion, the modulation of cell-cell and cell-matrix interactions, control of tumor growth and metastasis, and angiogenesis [ 10 ] . Inhibition of tumor cell proliferation has been achieved in vivo by systemic treatment with TSP-1 peptide mimetics [ 11 ] , but a correlation between primary tumor TSP-1 expression and poor prognosis has not been clearly established [ 12 ] . While there are reports that these molecules can originate from tumor cells [ 13 ] , the majority of reports have suggested that the major source of both TSP-1 and OPN is tumor-associated stroma [ 14 ] or infiltrating macrophages and lymphocytes [ 15 ] .
This information suggested that residue 39 of LcrG was an ideal candidate for site-directed mutagenesis to disrupt LcrG's secretion blocking activity.
This might suggest that the respondents for the financial analysis model had differing roles in the practice than the respondents for the scheduling model.
They did not explicitly state how many patients initially sorted into the high risk/low risk groups but other data suggest 17 and 41 respectively.
A cursory analysis of the data suggests that the intron distribution in both SSU and LSU rRNAs is significantly clustered (in particular, the LSU rRNA) and the statistical analysis bears this out.
A fifth test probe showed hybridization signal intensity below the negative control threshold in both the control and modified ATP samples, suggesting either an absence of the transcript from the target sample or abundance too low to quantify (data not shown).
The selective suppression of Th1 cell activity is believed to be due to IL-10 inhibition of IL-12, a differentiation factor for Th1 cells [ 11 12 ] . The release of reactive oxygen and nitrogen intermediates by macrophages is also suppressed by IL-10 [ 13 14 ] . In addition, IL-10 stimulates the production of cytokine inhibitors such as IL-1 receptor antagonist [ 15 ] . In patients with rheumatoid arthritis, IL-10 is produced by synovial membrane cells and is found at high levels in the synovial fluid [ 16 17 ] . It has been shown that suppression of IL-10 production by synovial cells is associated with increased levels of IL-1 and TNF-α, suggesting that IL-10 plays a suppressive role in rheumatoid arthritis joints [ 16 ] . It was also observed that IL-10 directly stimulated proteoglycan synthesis and reversed the cartilage degradation induced by activated mononuclear cells [ 18 ] . These immunosuppressive activities indicate that IL-10 is a potential therapeutic approach for autoimmune diseases.
4panel D), suggesting that PMA increases K ATP -mediated currents in a PKC-independent manner.
In iron starved conditions, bacterial growth rate is reduced and morphological changes such as filament formation takes place which suggests an inhibition of DNA synthesis or cell division [ 21 22 ] . Besides these the concentration of the proteins whose synthesis is regulated by iron are also observed to get changed [ 23 ] .
SLC4A9 may be a member of a class of genes characterized by highly variant and inefficient splicing, a class first suggested by a comparison of ESTs to genomic sequences [ 25].
The Sunday Times of London agreed that NATO is "at risk of being humiliated" and suggested that the only opportunity for success is the use of ground troops.
Thymocyte development occurs within a complex network of cells, extracellular matrix, and secreted factors referred to as the thymic microenvironment [ 1 ] . Current evidence suggests that this microenvironment is created during fetal thymus organogenesis through stage-dependent interactions between differentiating thymic epithelial cells (TECs) and developing thymocytes [ 2 3 4 5 6 ] . Therefore, blocks at different stages of thymocyte development result in differential effects on TEC differentiation and function.
3, top panel), suggesting that Boi1-PH can bind PS.
On Meet the Press yesterday, Gore adviser Robert Shrum* attempted manfully to deny that his candidate had ever suggested he'd make support of his policy on gays in the military a "litmus test" for nomination to the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
On the opposite page, an op-ed headline suggested, "Kwanzaa alternative to commercialism."
These data suggest that the tyrosine phosphorylation of GPCRs may allow them to signal ERKs in the absence of RTK or FAK phosphorylation by acting as their own scaffolds.
Moreover, when it was possible to measure the amount of lost genes (that is, in enterobacteria), we have found that they also tend to be more A+T-rich than the genome (Mann-Whitney test, p < 10 -4; results not shown), suggesting a greater turnover of A+T-rich genes.
[ 10 ] Indeed, research suggests that spouses experience as much, if not more, distress than patients.
First, Yeltsin's surgeon suggested that the Russian president's heart had suffered so much damage that it might not survive an urgently needed bypass operation.
The WP has a senior U.S. officer suggesting a more prosaic explanation: "I think what he's trying to do is shoot down one of our airplanes."
A story recounts how a long-shunned medical researcher is finally winning acceptance for his unconventional theories on heart disease, and suggests that new ideas in medicine are often slighted when they don't stand to make money for drug companies.
It will be of interest to find out whether the cumulative prevalence of specific autoantibody subsets tends to increase over time, as this would suggest that the mechanisms underlying the development of these reactivities continue to evolve over the course of the arthropathy.
[ 7 ] . These findings suggest that the absolute benefit from statin therapy is proportional to the patient's baseline level of CHD risk.
Preliminary analysis suggested that gene identification in these small scaffolds is hampered in part by the separation of exons onto different scaffolds.
Binding between AR and nucleotide sequences of the promoter of the RAR α gene and that such protein-DNA complex was super-shifted in the presence of anti-AR serum suggest the presence of ARE in RAR α gene.
A recent letter that Microsoft and Intel wrote asking the company to give up that control to an international body suggested as much.
Bombardier suggested that in addition to evaluation, this research should develop ways to mitigate legal, privacy, and confidentiality problems associated with screening and treatment.
Other evidence suggests that Hanjour may even have returned to Arizona for flight simulator training earlier in June.
The highly acidic carboxy-terminal (BRCT) region of BRCA1 has been suggested to play a role in transactivation [ 11 ] . BRCT interacts with BRCA2, Rad51, other tumor suppressing elements, as well as numerous transcription factors, such as RNA helicase A and STAT1 [ 15 16 ] . Recently, it has been discovered that truncation of this region resulted in suppression of apoptosis following pro-apoptotic stimuli [ 17 ] . Further, these studies also suggested that the BRCT region facilitates apoptotic functions within the caspase pathway.
No nuclear staining was seen in these structures in most non-transgenic animals, suggesting that weak activation of Wnt signaling may occur with overexpression of wild type β-catenin protein.
Controversy 1: The Los Angeles Times asks whether it was rape or, "as dozens of male respondents to local newspapers and talk radio programs suggest, the answer to every schoolboy's dream."
If she tells you everything's fine and only a faint hint of color remains, suggest she tell friends the Persian weavers were famously big drinkers.
However, our experience suggests that frequency estimates might be biased by experimental limitations on the accuracy with which control transcripts can be spiked into cRNA.
The inflexible architect leaves behind a whiff of Ayn Rand; his twisted metal hulks suggest the ruins of uninhabitable places.
The LAT front carries a piece about a new category of criminal suggested by such cases--the "fledgling psychopath."
The Enquirer suggests that "lonely" Joan was forced to make the call because she's been "abandoned" by her ex-husband.
Yoneda and Dan [ 4 ] suggested a model for cytokinesis based on Hooke's Law.
Prior studies, however, suggest that patient care given by same provider does not vary by payer status [ 17 18 19 ] .
TGF-β1 has been shown to be therapeutic in several different animal models when expressed systemically from muscle tissue [ 26 27 ] . This suggests that elevated serum levels of TGF-β1 can reduce general inflammation as well as inhibit IL-1β and tumor necrosis factor alpha production, resulting in a systemic therapeutic effect.
The RDRP is present in one or more copies in a wide range of eukaryotes, from early-branching parabasalids, such as Giardia , to multicellular forms, including fungi, plants and animals [ 57 58 ] . This broad representation in eukaryotes, including organisms that are considered primitive, suggests that RDRP might have been encoded in the genome of the common ancestor of all modern eukaryotes.
As a higher insulin level is a surrogate for decreased insulin sensitivity, their observation suggests that a higher vitamin D level is associated with increased insulin sensitivity.
I doubt that hotels are interested in having customers walk off with their clothes, as Hollander suggests.
The WP puts Russian "capital flight" at $100 billion-150 billion since 1992 and suggests that all the country's problems (the prime minister carousel, inflation, and social disintegration) have only encouraged a broad range of people with money to find ways to send it westward.
Our data suggest that while many mRNAs distribute equally between the cytosolic and cytoskeletal fractions, a specific set of transcripts associates preferentially with actin microfilaments.
These data indicate that the v-crk SH2 domain interacts with the C-terminal YDXP motifs, and as suggested by Birge et al, v-crk may be able to protect them from dephosphorylation and/or induces their phosphorylation [ 12 ] . They also suggest that the YQXP motifs may be involved in binding to other intracellular signaling molecules.
Gerth means to suggest that Clinton was attempting to hide an out-and-out favor to a political crony.
These mapping data are concordant with our strain comparison and collectively suggest that there is apparently no significant genetic correlation between striatal volume and neuron number.
Close inspection of the microsyntenic regions detected by BLASTN analysis suggested that the genomic microstructure was highly conserved in all three MSRs.
It was suggested that down-regulation of PS1 by wildtype p53 and also p21 WAF-1may be independent mechanisms leading to apoptosis and tumor suppression [ 24 ] . Our data correlating PS1 with IL-8-tumor related tissue also suggest a potential anti-apoptotic role for PS1 in tumorigenesis.
However, some investigators suggest that the way to avoid a decline in HDL-cholesterol that occurs with dieting is to combine diet with exercise.
Whether additional cytokines produced by RA SCL also contributed to monocyte migration is currently not known, but the combination of the chemokine data and the mAb blocking results suggests that MCP-1 and IL-8 play a dominant role in monocyte migration measured by SCL.
Azusa for example is euphonious, but it does not immediately suggest its own history.
Average observed and predicted rates were very similar, but the variation in rates was higher for the observed rates compared with the predicted rates, suggesting substantial variations in excess mortality and quality across the sample.
First, the ability of PIP 2 to stimulate proteolysis of Boi1-PH was greatly enhanced when using PS (rather than PC) as the bulk lipid in the vesicles, suggesting that PS binds to Boi1-PH in this analysis.
An analysis suggests that George W. Bush is just dimwitted enough to be president.
In this regard, we observed that depletion from the Y-79 cell cultures of heparin with heparinase was lower than those depleted of HS with heparitinase, suggesting that the retinoblastoma-derived HS was more effective than the retinoblastoma-derived heparin.
The marginal increase in the signal after 32 hours of hybridization, though, suggests that thermodynamic equilibrium was not quite reached in 16 hours.
In many patients, the pulmonary vascular effect and effect on gas exchange, although linked, are dissociated suggesting that redistribution of pulmonary blood flow does not exclusively depend on the intensity of the pulmonary vasodilating effect.
Since GluB89 resides within 6.5A of A-7, G-8, and G-9 it was suggested that GluB89 could interact with these bases transiently in the binding pathway.
Taken together, these results suggest that the parasite cell in the trophozoite stage is dedicated to cell growth, and the predominant function of the mid-late schizont stage is maturation of the next generation of merozoites.
In the case of mammalian PP5, results from lipid stimulation and binding, limited proteolysis and truncation studies taken together suggest the TPR domain and the C terminus inhibit PP5 activity in a coordinated manner and that lipid binding to the TPR domain activates the enzyme in vitro [ 18 19 20 ] . In the present study we used assay conditions for Ppt1p identical to those in which PP5 was shown to be activated by removal of the TPR or C-terminal regions [ 19 ] . Under these conditions Ppt1p is also stimulated by lipids toward 32P-MBP, and activating lipids slow TPR domain proteolysis.
He emphasized children's resilience, and was quick to suggest that problems require a specialist's assistance.
15% of all the case reports described symptomatology suggesting acutely disturbed thyroid function (eg, anorexia, fatigue, tremor, palpitations, nervousness, increased sweating, mood and/or sleep disturbance, memory and concentration disorders, emotional lability, altered bowel habit, depression).
Additionally, to suggest that a student who is in need of a loan should not be allowed to attend Harvard because state schools are cheaper is disgustingly elitist.
This method for estimating the novelty within the collection ignores the occasional unnamed family member whose GenBank annotation suggests probable membership in the EPK family, and the exceptional named family member (RNasel) whose GenBank annotation overlooks similarity to the EPK family.
It has been demonstrated that malignant tissues with accelerated cell cycle show higher levels of ProTα expression than normal or surrounding healthy tissues [ 67 ] . ProTα was shown as a marker for breast cancer [ 68 ] , hepatocarcinoma [ 69 ] , and plasma levels of its derivative Tα 1 been proposed as a marker for the prognosis of lung cancer [ 70 ] . In ligand blotting assays, ProTα bound only to chromatin pools and nuclear fractions where histone H1 was present [ 71 72 ] . The analysis of the interaction of ProTα with H1-containing chromatin suggests a putative role for ProTα in the fine-tuning of the stoichiometry and/or mode of interaction of H1 with chromatin [ 73 ] . Interestingly, HL-60 cells overexpressing ProTα show an enhancement of accessibility of micrococcal nuclease to chromatin, implying relaxed chromatin structure for enhanced cell cycle gene expression [ 74 ] .
A marked path continues to the óvár — not an old castle, as the name suggests, but a volcanic outcrop dotted with cells made by monks.
The cerebrovascular capacity in Fabry disease was also within normal limits, suggesting absence of clinically significant vaso-occlusive disease in the cohort of Fabry patients examined.
Our studies suggest that resveratrol interacts with endothelial cells in vitro to elicit morphological and functional changes.
Our analysis also suggests that two exons encoding the HMG-box domain may be the evolutionary unit of the TOX subfamily, found as a single copy in an invertebrate and replicated in early vertebrates.
Although a linear model of differentiation has been suggested for these memory populations (i.e.
My officemate suggested that maybe all I needed to do was adjust my proxy settings in Netscape and not my SOCKS.
In this regard, recent studies [ 31] have suggested that synovial tissue cells were selectively responsive to IL-12 produced in the synovium, because IL-12 induced increased production of IFN-γ, but not IL-2 and IL-4.
The LAT (which high up strongly suggests that Gates will remain the de facto leader of Microsoft) and Washington Post front the story, and the WSJ puts it atop its financial news index , while the New York Times
BMPs activate Smad-1 by binding to type I and type II serine-threonine kinase receptors [ 40 41 ] . Specific receptor subunits shown to bind BMPs include BMP receptor type IA (BMPR-IA), BMPR-IB, BMR-II, activin receptor type I (ActR-I), and ActR-II [ 42 43 44 ] . BMP ligands can bind to either type I or type II receptor subunits independently, but both receptor types are required for high-affinity binding and signaling [ 40 ] . The finding that the soluble BMPR-IA-Fc chimera significantly inhibits BMP-5 induced dendritic growth suggests that BMP-5 may be activating the Smad-1 signaling pathway via interactions with BMPR-IA.
The LAT sees a "composed" chief executive offering "new insights" into his version of events, while USAT stresses that the initial reaction of the public and Congress prompted by the tape suggested that Clinton's risk of impeachment was not thereby increased.
Its unique regulatory requirements at the cell surface have suggested a special role for MMP-2 in tissue invasion.
I wouldn't be so callous as to suggest that stalking isn't an urgent problem, fully worthy of immediate action by a Congress that can't pass a budget on time.
According to NHTSA, the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs reviewed the rule at the proposed and final stages and suggested no changes.
Each of these statistics suggests high concordance between results obtained from human and pig (Table 4).
But the Science article suggests that Moore's Law may encounter physical limits sooner.
Therefore, the proliferation data suggests evidence of a hotspot on TNFR2 recognized by KcF12, KcC7 and KcF6 that is linked to this unique biological effect.
This suggests that their formation is triggered by contact with other cells and that they are not primarily related to cell movement.
As the list suggests, the United States was not only subject to panics but also unusually crisis-prone compared with other advanced countries during the very years that it was establishing its economic and technological dominance.
2!" The style caught on: Perhaps the most memorable example of commercial diffidence was a 1961 ad for Fina gas stations, which humbly suggested, "If ...
There is evidence suggesting that δ selective opioid ligands do not cause changes in respiratory parameters [ 13 ] . Thus, suggesting that designing specific ligands that act at δ opioid receptors may be useful in formulating analgesics without the side effect of ventilatory depression.
This suggests that even the GSPS subfamily probably arose within the Gram-positive bacteria followed by a lateral transfer to the archaeon
Data suggest that substance abuse counselors may find that a medical or surgical crisis increases patient motivation.
This suggests that CD81's effects on cytokine production may not be uniquely mediated by LFA-1.
It is also of interest that some proteins in a family have EF-hands and others do not, suggesting differential regulation of protein family members.
And Coliseum Books was relieved when my publisher called and suggested we might want to think about rescheduling the reading there on account of Floyd's torrents.
The genetic data strongly suggest that GABA acts through GABA A receptors to modulate the development of this tissue.
If you use the term "microeconomics" in a WordPerfect document, the spelling checker will flag it and suggest "macroeconomics" instead.
Studies of educational strategies to change physician behavior suggest that informational material and formal CME conferences have little impact, while outreach activities by professional organizations and opinion leaders conducting on-site educational programs produce positive change.
Outside the HMG-box domain, these proteins are less well conserved, suggesting that they may have non-overlapping functions.
The morphology of these cells, and their location deep to the giant cell layer, suggested decidual parenchyma.
And maybe our Harvard guys who went to Russia in the early '90s should have suggested taking the keys to the treasury away from the apparatchiks before the place was stripped bare.
The successful implementation of the intervention suggests the feasibility of school-based stress reduction programs in efforts to improve both physical and behavioral risk factors in youth.
On the other hand, circumvent suggests avoiding what is mandatory and at the same time returns a more formal, legalistic atmosphere to the questioning.
Several active research programs are investigating the risk associated with serum estrogens, gonadotropins and urinary sex hormone metabolites for a variety of diseases including breast cancer [ 1 ] , endometrial cancer [ 2 ] , and osteoporosis [ 3 ] . The results of the few published studies suggest that the natural temporal variability (true variation over time, not variation due to storage or other factors) of some serum estrogens, gonadotropins and urinary sex hormone metabolites is sufficiently great that a single measurement occasion may be inadequate to ensure a reliable estimate [ 4 5 6 ] . Published intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) vary between 0.06 and 0.62 for estradiol (E 2 ) and between 0.52 and 0.69 for estrone (E 1 ) [ 4 ] . Only the percent of free E 2 and of SHBG-bound E 2 have been found to be sufficiently reliable to account for as much as 50% of the variance in the true mean ( ICC > 0.7).
A recent genome-wide analysis of duplicated genes of eukaryotes has suggested that they evolve under purifying selection, with an apparent early phase of relaxed constraint or even near-neutrality [ 21].
A homolog of H-rev107 is detectable in the pathogenic bacterium V. cholerae , and phylogenetic analysis suggests that it has been acquired through lateral transfer from a vertebrate source.
These results indicate that treated HIV-1 particles, utilizing either CXCR4 or CCR5 as coreceptors, retain CAP on their surface and suggest that this is responsible for the altered properties and impaired infectivity of the treated viruses.
We previously showed that introduction of arginine at position 47 resulted in a repressor defect [ 7], and heterodimer complementation experiments suggested that S47R disrupts an interaction with A-10 [ 4].
Steele told this story to Newsweek 's Michael Isikoff in March 1997 (according to his book Uncovering Clinton ) after Willey had suggested to Isikoff that he could check out the grope story with Steele.
Kusama's pasta-encrusted clothing may have a link (as curator Lynn Zelevansky suggests) with eating disorders, which were barely discussed at the time.
In this study, that viewpoint suggested a small subset of genes, which proved sufficient to give a near-perfect classification in each of two problems.
Our findings suggest that RSV induction of chemokine gene expression involves a redox-sensitive NF-κB signaling mechanism that differs from that mediated by TNFα and involving predominantly the Rel A subunit of NF-κB.
These data suggest that both patterns of Rad26-GFP fluorescence (spots and speckles) occur as a result of DNA damage, as opposed to the checkpoint-induced G2/M cell cycle delay that follows Bleomycin treatment.
The paper then goes on to relieve whatever anxieties are currently being suffered by libertarian fight fans: "The president, however, stopped short of suggesting federal intervention in boxing."
Our recent studies suggested that SNIP1 is a novel CBP/p300 repressor [ 25 ] . SNIP1, when expressed in COS1 cells, is entirely localized to distinct areas within the nucleus (Fig.
These findings suggest that binding to phospholipid is not necessary for the interaction between Boi1 and Cdc42, and so place in doubt the possibility that the mechanism by which binding to phospholipid promotes localization of Boi1 to buds is by positively regulating the binding of Boi1 to Cdc42.
