While I appreciate U.S. News & World Report's endorsement, the true value of your support is measured by the way Goodwill takes on problems that affect all of us.
In true newspaper overkill fashion, the piece backs this up by consulting Cynde Watson, national makeup artist for Bobbi Brown Essentials, and Steven Zdatny, a historian at West Virginia University specializing in the aesthetics and politics of hair.
There's no question that, if they're true, they ... could lead to impeachment proceedings."
For this to be true, it is not necessary that the carriers of purpose, say, the same bacterium heading upstream in the glucose gradient, be conscious.
The same is true of the transfer RNA where the anticodon site is distant from the amino acid binding site.
As neurons are supposed to proliferate and form novel synaptic connections that survive if used and to mediate the linkage of conditioned to unconditioned stimulus, why not envision a complex chemistry, say, very complex carbohydrate-synthesis patterns sustained by complex sets of enzymes whose activities are modulated by the dierent carbohydrates themselves, which is true of contemporary carbohydrate metabolism.
If true, this is an ironic name for a city that would become one of the most constantly and bitterly embattled places on the face of the earth.
That is not entirely true, for linguists know too much about language to suggest that there ever was, literally, a single language from which all Indo-European languages descended.
The blurb on this book/disk package reads, “Supplies you with 470,000 true synonyms for 40,000 entries.”
True, there is an occasional mention in his column of a point raised by a correspondent, and the Letters section of the Magazine prints a comment from time to time, but an important feature of the books is their inclusion of far more writer-reader interaction than one might suspect from reading the column alone.
True, one can find different from , etc., in an entry so headed, but for absolute constructions one is referred to an entry called “Covered with onions, relish, and ketchup, I ate a hotdog at the ball-park.”
Although it is true that isoglosses, in effect, set off the various areas where a particular usage was recorded, more accurately an isogloss is drawn to connect sites either where speakers employ both usages or where speakers using one or the other live in very close proximity.
Of course, this is true!
It is true,” he replied.
The dogs obviously did catch a scent, and it was true.
The prevalence of this association was found to be higher in our study than in other previous series [ 2 3 4 5 6 7 ] . The true prevalence could be even higher since liver enzyme profiles were not done in all patients.
That is especially true of the State Security Court that ruled in this case.
It is true that Moore's film is sometimes unintentionally deceptive, but to call it fraudulent is hyperbole to the extreme.
Even if your "re-enactment" theory is true (and I see no evidence that you have actually tried to ask the people involved in the filmmaking for their opinion), this itself is not unethical, and you have no evidence whatsoever that Moore has done anything unethical here, just like you have no evidence that Moore has unethically removed parts of the interview.
None of this is true.
What is true is that Bowling for Columbine is a diamond in the small world of big screen documentaries, one that shines brightly and illuminates an often misunderstood aspect of American culture.
It’s a truism, I know, but it has the benefit of actually being true.
It is true that at the end of time, the old time baseball writers will be hailed as the very best writers, as they had access to an event that was susceptible to beautiful writing, but horrendous to watch in person.
True, the USA has not suffered a successful major attack since 9/11, but this does not mean that we are safer.
This remains true even with one of his last compositions, the Concerto for Orchestra, written two years before his death in 1943.
Example 5 shows the true dominance of the perfect fourth; the set created is a ten-note set derived by stacking fourths.
However, as previously mentioned, C acts as a “fake” dominant that in measures 149-155 actually functions as an upper neighbor to B, the “true” dominant.
As tempting as this interpretation may be, this observation is relegated to the notes section because it constitutes a horrible abuse of terminology—there is only so far that such tonal analogies can go before they begin to hide any true analytical insight behind misused terms.
True, mostly.
I had, it is true, told her that we needed other company than our own.
"True."
I fear that may be true for me.
"True.
Tectonic activity can significantly control river patterns and behavior, and this is especially true of alluvial rivers.
As one grip/electrician explained: ‘‘‘There’s no tried and true way to get started.
May your every dream come true, sir, and your book sell fabulously.
Freaking hillarious and so true.
True to wild-West stereotypes, Stewart was slain by a neighboring farmer, leaving his strong-willed wife, Helen, to assume the duties of the ranch.
True to the myth, the reclusive Hughes immediately cloistered himself in the Desert Inn’s penthouse.
Even Homer wrote about Achilles and Patroclus, who have been considered to be the perfect model of true love (Emond).
You think that,” he said, “but is it true?
About time there was some acknowledgement of the true value of fans.
This isn't technically true, but it accurately describes how it feels to those unaccustomed to the city's geography.
Here is a supposedly true story someone found regarding exams at Cambridge University.
Unknown My therapist told me the way to achieve true inner peace is to finish what I start.
This is the true story.
If it's true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the OTHERS here for?
Is it true that cannibals don't eat clowns because they taste funny?
Is it true that an alligator won't attack you if you carry a flashlight?
Aghast with confusion and knowing he can't lie the man replies, "Well, that's true, I don't believe in you, but how about the shark?
ROLAND TEMBO >(Smiling faintly) Very true.
, Mr. Chief Justice, it's absolutely true that this case is here because of a fundamentally important changed circumstance that makes the Framers' limitations on the Copyright Clause much more significant. Thi


April 27, 2009 4:45 PM Brad Templeton: When I got to United's site it has two columns, one for true miles flown (sort of) and one for elite bonus.
and yes, sad but true, any SMTPs will strip the high bit)
That's why I ask that (today, 1993) we NOT LABEL true plain text as US-ASCII/ISO-8859-1.
This was especialy true in light of the press >reports of >"Draft submitted to IETF."
While both these stories are ostensibly morality tales about the dangerous beauty of this femme fatale, the true source of pleasure from these narratives is the femme fatale’s transgressive behavior, not her eventual punishment for it.
“True, true.
“True, true.
TIA DALMA: Same story, different versions, and all are true.
JACK SPARROW: True enough.
For while the lantern's spark shivered in the chill breeze, this burn was steady and true as the motion of its owner's pen, scratching out the rhythm of the willow's fingers.
"It is true," Allan admitted, fidgeting with his cufflinks, "that I would not dream of submitting one of these corruptions of literature to any publisher.
Where before they had marched in regiments, practiced in ranks and followed their leaders' commands, the words now escaped in their true forms, unhindered by any stricture.
Even as he said it, Allan prayed that his statement was true.
Oh, they may rail against you at first; they may decry you as a heathen or a literary savage; but while those in power say such things, others will read your tales and see their true worth.

True, emmby, but I thinks it's an interesting topic and was hoping for others to jump in.
True..
This is the true stuff not a fictitious one!
We have a new product that will make all your 'se^xual dreams come true
We have a solution that will make all your 'se^xual dreams come true
The saying “Time is money” is quite literally true in Hong Kong: more is spent on watches and clocks here than on cameras and optical goods.
As expected for this good estimate of r(t), the deconvolution intestinal absorption rate determined using this r(t) (bottom row, black line, right column) is very close to the true, model input function (green line).
This was further supported by the demonstration that trypsin cleaved PP5 in the "hinge" sequence connecting the TPR region and catalytic domain, and that such cleavage produced a highly active enzyme which was refractory to further activation by fatty acids [ 18 20 21 ] . To test whether this is also true of PfPP5, we digested recombinant PfPP5 with trypsin, which resulted in the production of a trypsin-resistant fragment that was very similar in size to ΔTPR-PfPP5 (Fig.
Reflective and charismatic, he had been one of the true heroes of the war against the Soviets.
And how true.
(Clinton has certainly proven the corollary this statement implies to be true.)
For Ben Jonson, writing this brilliant poem early in the 17 th century, the opposite is true: The ear is the avenue of the spirit, while the eye is duped by mere seeming.
However, that approach assumes independence of categories and is so conservative that it becomes extremely hard to detect true positives.
A ROC curve gives the recognition rate (true positives) for preselected values of false positives, which was in our case 0 to 100% in 1% steps.
As was true of the BL/6 × CAST crosses, the parent-of-origin dependence of the allele-specific expression was superimposed on a baseline bias towards hyper-expression of the BL/6 allele.
Opponents celebrated it as the advent of true democracy.
The inverse also holds true, where highly expressed genes, having less error in their measured levels, may not meet an arbitrary fold-change cut-off of 2.0 even when they are truly differentially expressed [ 12 ] . Therefore, selecting differentially regulated genes based only on a single fold change across the entire range of experimental data preferentially selects lowly expressed genes [ 8 ] . This commonly used approach does not accommodate for background noise, variability, non-specific binding, or low copy numbers- characteristics typical of microarray data which may not be homogeneously distributed.
In 1997, after his asylum application was denied, Binalshibh went home to Yemen but returned to Germany shortly thereafter under his true name, this time registering as a student in Hamburg.
The Cinderella teams--Gonzaga, Southwest Missouri State, and Miami of Ohio--were wiped out in the last two rounds, leaving no true underdogs.
In true Beltway fashion, the WP spends most of its lead discussing the visit's domestic political angle--that for the first time in more than a year, Clinton can undertake a foreign trip without being dogged by scandal.
In many validation studies, clustering methods are evaluated on their performance on empirical datasets with a priori known cluster labels [ 25] or, more commonly, on simulation studies where true cluster labels are known.
This assumes that these pattern of use categories have the same meaning to cases and controls with respect to quantity of water consumed, which may not be the true.
This claim may turn out to be wrong, but, contrary to Gould's basic indictment of evolutionary psychology, it is neither obvious nor, if true, useless.
Not everything you read on the World Wide Web is true.
Verification is a confirmation, usually by the timekeeper or supervisor, that recorded information is true, correct, and accurate to the best of his/her knowledge.
Look at how it was her--not otherwise engaged Dad--who gave your life its true foundation!
The line of argument seems to be that since hypotheses in academic economics have not been confirmed means that the same would be true for all fields whether theoretical or experimental, and therefore fields that rest on empirical evidence must be castles in the sky.
And while it would be ridiculous to suggest that Roy incubated this book for the better part of five years and then released it to capitalize on India chic just as it crested, it is also true that she has played to that market in terms it understands and swallows whole.
The hybrid between the primrose and the cowslip ( Primula veris x vulgaris , sometimes called Primula variabilis ) is known as the oxlip . Usually it is called the common oxlip because it occurs quite frequently, but purists prefer to call it the false oxlip since there is a third species, Primula elatior , now found only in the eastern counties of England, which is, for them, the true oxlip . To add to the confusion the true oxlip is also known as the paigle , a name which, in the past, has been rather indiscriminately applied to several wildflowers including buttercups.
It's true that if a company lets a potential merger candidate look too closely, and the deal then falls through, it may have given away its secrets for nothing.
If this makes you feel pessimistic about the progress of science, keep in mind that we can learn a lot from even a very few true hypotheses submerged in a sea of false ones.
But if that's true, it cannot be extrapolated that movies continue to get worse as audiences continue to expand . If that were true, movies would be worse today (weekly admissions numbered 27 million in 1997, the last year for which data are available) than they were in 1985 (when weekly admissions numbered 20 million).
If used, slow response chemiluminescence would have underestimated the true inspiratory NO concentration by averaging it together with the expiratory level, as probably occurred in two of our previous studies [ 4, 23].
Never mind whether the ad is true.
According to a Reuters item published in The Times [30 October 1991], four months after being found unconscious outside a bingo hall in Stockholm with “Joe Smith” engraved on his wrist bracelet, an amnesia victim is memorizing his true name, Djelassi Ali Ben Belgasam Ben Kilami.
As for Andy's illness, the film is true to the record when it suggests that people didn't believe that he was really sick with lung cancer.
The amplitude of the increase in lung tissue was variable from one patient to another, depending on the relative importance of the artifactual increase in lung density and the true increase in extravascular lung water.
However, when we analyze the per-household volume figures, we have to remember that, for the purpose of developing those figures, we made the aforementioned assumption about the relationship of mail volume and number of households and this assumption may not hold true for some or all sectors (or uses) and for some or all years in Tables 1, 2 and 3.
It is true enough that budgerry (or bujari as it is more correctly transcribed) in the Sydney language Dharuk meant good.
One is the margin of error --an estimate of how large a discrepancy might exist between a survey's results and the true value.
So even if it were true that AAVE or Brooklynese had fewer words than some other variety, it wouldn't mean that speakers of AAVE or Brooklynese are incapable of expressing certain thoughts.
The focus was on creating a true system of equal justice in Illinois.
The same, of course, is true for the purchase of an automated sequencer.
In "We Do Understand," William Saletan quotes the following sentence from Deborah Tannen's The Argument Culture : "Disputation was rejected in ancient China as incompatible with the decorum and harmony cultivated by the true sage."
Because PSE is estimating an upper bound when Assumption 1 is violated, if PSE estimates little reduction in population cancer mortality, the true reduction in population cancer mortality due to periodic screening is likely small.
These motifs correspond to the above-mentioned conserved signatures, which are characteristic of the NlpC/P60-like proteins, and were readily identifiable in all true positives recovered in the transitive sequence profile searches.
Similarly, “density,” in place of destiny , is initially confusing until one deciphers, from the context, the true intent of the sentence.
This heart warming true story will reach teens with two powerful messages: first, save sex for marriage; secondly, if you have made the mistake of engaging in pre-marital sex, you can change your ways.
• English names written in romanji: a (always glossed in parentheses as alpha), Access, CoCo, Damn Rockers, Dreams Come True, Escalators Vanilla (possibly inspired by the `60's American bands Vanilla Fudge, The Mood Elevators, and Strawberry Alarm Clock, though made ludicrous in conforming to Japanese grammar which requires the adjective to follow the noun), Hound Dog, Jigger's Son (four guys), Judy and Mary (three guys backing a girl singer), Princess, Tube, Wink, Zoo.
It's true that some Flytrap allegations were poorly sourced and that two respected news organizations, the Wall Street Journal and the Dallas Morning News , had to retract a couple of particularly lurid stories.
But it is true that we are not a good market for advertisers.
He is a true genius in chess--the best there is.
True, since apparently the message is money-grubbing phony individualism.
The same holds true for tissue RNA from tumor samples.
What's true of the lottery should be true at the racetrack.
We feel that the evidence for a true evolutionary relationship between the eukaryotic GshBs and the ATP-grasp superfamily is rather weak given the evidence available at this time.
Also, as the author acknowledges, “This is not meant to be a definitive lexicon of Australian-English,” a true enough statement even without the extraneous hyphen.
This was true of most strains assessed on multiple occasions.
In this it has lost sight of its true objective: to oust Saddam in the pursuit of a peace in the Middle East and a semblance of human rights in Iraq.
True enough, my father was a lightning calculator and an expert at solving arithmetical puzzles.
It's also true, of course, that a junior copy editor for the New York Times is obviously more vital to the nation than an elected official of the state of Georgia.
This can be true even if the distribution of intensities across spots and arrays is decidedly not Gaussian, because confounding factors which vary linearly or multiplicatively or even interactively across spots or arrays are commonly presumed not to be different between two labeled samples hybridized to a single spot [ 41].
McNeill does not mention this, but it is true.
Along the Hotel Zone, the throwback disco Christine still manages to draw a crowd for the nightly midnight laser show, and J&B is a very hot spot for true Latin dancing; a favorite with locals, it’s open until 5am.
Chatterbox suspects the same is true of the ad signs; but even if there's stupendous value in the TV exposure that results, it's hard to see how the ads could be worth more than $500,000.
If the physical order of markers used for linkage analysis is incorrect, the position of the putative locus may at best be incorrect and at worst be found not to exist in the true interval.
Maybe someday we'll have a true liberal Democrat in the White House, secure enough in her ideology to put down the tools, pick up the phone, and call a repair crew.
True, Teddington is on the Thames, and moreover it is at the upper tidal limit of the river.
?) That's not true of parents.
All are true.
At what point will they realize that what they've heard is, alas, true, that the picture really is a stiff?
Can it really be true that fully half of these injuries are unpreventable?)
This is especially true of safety issues relating to interactions with other medications.
The variability of the true effect, which arises because the medical intervention is not exactly identical among all hospitals, is computed using the formula in DerSimonian and Laird [ 19 ] . The standard error of the summary statistic is the square root of the reciprocal of the sum of the weights.

True to form, Clinton also triangulated some Republican issues, most notably a proposal to end the "marriage penalty" as part of a $250 billion, 10-year tax cut (about the same amount as he unsuccessfully pushed last year, the Journal notes) and a plan to encourage charitable contributions through tax incentives.
In true newspaper overkill fashion, the piece backs this up by consulting Cynde Watson, national makeup artist for Bobbi Brown Essentials, and Steven Zdatny, a historian at West Virginia University specializing in the aesthetics and politics of hair.
Due to the large number of tests, there is a risk that some statistical significance, particularly those close to p = 0.05, are due to random error rather than representing true findings.
Concatenations of slow evolving proteins also show compositional homogeneity (pairwise disparity index test, P < 0.05) [ 21 ] , suggesting the basal position of the nematode results from true phylogenetic signal and not compositional bias.
It's true that the New York Times is not the government, so its drug-testing policy isn't unconstitutional.
I have tried to "sell" a message, it is true.
If casual acquaintances kiss each other on the lips, what method of expression will be left for true lovers?
And if it is true, was Gore's 1988 campaign guilty of injecting cryptic racist messages into the debate?
In the case of Korea the belief is that there is danger of a panic, a flight from the Korean currency in which the Korean economy would be forced down to a level far below its true potential.
She picks up her dry cleaning the following day, however, and eventually writes him a letter, in which she recounts earth-shattering orgasms with other men: "I'm sorry to have to tell you this, but the fact is that I was never able to have true sexual pleasure with you."
Several active research programs are investigating the risk associated with serum estrogens, gonadotropins and urinary sex hormone metabolites for a variety of diseases including breast cancer [ 1 ] , endometrial cancer [ 2 ] , and osteoporosis [ 3 ] . The results of the few published studies suggest that the natural temporal variability (true variation over time, not variation due to storage or other factors) of some serum estrogens, gonadotropins and urinary sex hormone metabolites is sufficiently great that a single measurement occasion may be inadequate to ensure a reliable estimate [ 4 5 6 ] . Published intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) vary between 0.06 and 0.62 for estradiol (E 2 ) and between 0.52 and 0.69 for estrone (E 1 ) [ 4 ] . Only the percent of free E 2 and of SHBG-bound E 2 have been found to be sufficiently reliable to account for as much as 50% of the variance in the true mean ( ICC > 0.7).
Differences between the two data sets could be due to shifts in cell-subset frequencies in vivo and/or true alterations in the gene-expression profile of individual cells.
Although Groups 2 and 3 can not be considered true control groups, since they also received the educational 'intervention', they are used in this paper, in certain situations, in an attempt to address issues of test-retest bias, (since only one measurement instrument is used for both the 'pre-test' and the 'post-test' surveys), and historical effects, (since other factors besides the 'intervention' may have influenced the outcomes of the 'delayed post-test').
3, after eliminating the maximal artifactual increase in lung tissue, a true increase in the volume of lung tissue was observed in each individual.
For a two-sample t test, this means the true difference between the means is one half of the common standard deviation.
Particularly true for household sector-E-mail, Electronic bill paying, FAX, long-distance call
L: Is it true that you apply straw to warts?
This finding indicates that if those with the heaviest alcohol intake were excluded, the pattern of association between beverage specific alcohol intake and lung function was similar and could support a true positive effect of wine on lung health.
Attestation refers to an employee affirming T&A data to be true, correct, and accurate.
The president--and this has been especially true of Clinton--frequently nominates the least offensive nominee rather than the most qualified in order to pacify the Senate.
It's true that buying power isn't exactly a problem in today's economy--credit-card debt is at an all-time high--but most viewers won't stumble over the words, which are quickly absorbed by a visual transition to "1997" and what appears to be a scene in a contemporary factory.
Even that much may not be true.
The gorillas are pussycats, and Powell isn't a true murderer after all.
Without detracting from the significance of Columbus’s landing on the Bahamas, Newfoundland can lay a just claim to being the true beginning of Europe’s adventure in North America.
True, there is no formal guarantee.
Because these are true clonal expansions (ie increased numbers of B cells per specific clone), it is likely that the antigenic exposures are chronic and therefore are increasing the numbers of memory B cells reactive with these determinants.
Because this property does not commute (that is, the apparent relative risk at locus B given a true relative risk of 10 at locus A is not necessarily equal to the apparent relative risk at locus A given a true relative risk of 10 at locus B ) we calculate two values for each pair of SNPs.
Mark Twain parodies this custom in the opening paragraph of Huck Finn , when he has Huck assure the reader that The Adventures of Tom Sawyer was true, even though written by this other fellow, Mark Twain: "There was things which he stretched, but mainly he told the truth."
A story praises Glenn as a true American hero and describes what his life and duties will be aboard the space shuttle next week.
The true X-ray tonality is something you can hear only in the concert hall.
These tightly controlled commercial pyramids were the true heirs to the old feudal structures.
For example, if genotypes XX, XY and YY have relative risks 0.6, 2.1, and 1 for clearance of a viral infection, then this should hold true regardless of who else is in the population.
Congratulations, however: You are well on your way to being a true libertarian.
His classic has thickened gracelessly over the years, but as the forthcoming eighth edition once again shows, it has remained true to the adaptable temperament it was born with.
That's me at the dice table, baby,Betting come, little joe, and yo,Blowing the coals, laying thunder,My foot on top a fifty dollar chipSome drunk spilled on the floor,Dishonest me, evener of scores,Eager accepter of the extra change,Hotel towel pilferer, coffee spoonLifter, fervent retailer of others'Humor, blackhearted gossiper,Poisoner at the well, dwellerIn unsavory detail, delighted sayerOf the vulgar, off course belierOf the true me, empiric builderNewly haircutted, stickerer-upFor pals, jam unpriser, medicTo the self-inflicted, attorneyTo the self-indicted, petty accountantAnd keeper of the double books,Great divider of the universeAnd all its forms of existenceInto its relationship to me,Fellow trembler to the future,Thin air gawker, apprehenderOf the frameless door.
This is especially true for the degenerate relatives of RSS - cRSS and pseudogene-associated RSS.
It would make a wonderful tale if these two (both associated with the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative Washington think tank) had discovered what the entire finance establishment had missed, and written the next Wealth of Nations . The true tale, sadly, is somewhat less inspiring.
Wright had ruled that if Jones' allegations were true, they still didn't amount to a breach of law.
(True, no less an authority than H.W.
Why is it easier to assent than to dissent but harder to ascend than to descend ? Is it really true that if you decide to be `bad forever,' you have chosen to be bad for good , and if you are wearing only your right shoe, your right one is left.
If the charges against the president are true, isn't it he who has betrayed us?
It is, of course, difficult to feel sorry for the tobacco industry, if only because it spent more than 30 years lying about what it knew to be true, namely that nicotine was addictive and that smoking caused lung cancer.
It's true that nothing serious has really happened yet, but very little of value (to a hacker) is in people's computers these days.
All too true.
It's true that Paula Jones' legal, as distinct from her factual, claims have their weaknesses.
The predictions of auto-safety experts that fatalities would rise 30 percent if Congress lifted the 55-mile-per-hour speed limit have not come true, a piece reports.
Any awards ceremony in which a trophy can't be bought for Pia Zadora isn't being true to its industry.
Critics deem Hurt a much underrated talent and say his performance evokes the protagonist of Thomas Mann's 1912 Death in Venice . "A creep, but a true hero" (David Denby, New York ). (Edelstein reviews the film in Slate .)
The FBI may classify the files holding one of my rare true smiles.
While it is true that all dogs go to heaven, there is a bowl curve when it comes to dog abilities and personalities.
For the number 43 to be the true average death age for the entire population of gay males, HIV-negative gay men would, on average, have to keel into their graves at 46.
Having occasionally confronted your "whimsical" sister with the true version of events, and apparently getting nowhere, Prudie suggests you have a tough conversation outlining the potential damage dishonesty can create in relationships with those having less "whimsy."
This is especially true for the WM1 models, indicating that, whereas both the WM1 and RIC models are influenced by correlations present in physiologic DNA, the correlations detected by the RIC models are more specific to RSS.
The same is true of super-meritocratic public educational institutions like Lowell High School in San Francisco, the University of California at Berkeley, and Bronx High School of Science and Stuyvesant High School in New York, which are all now Asian-plurality.
The dashed lines represent the log 10 of the true ratios of the antigen concentrations in the two mixes.
If this is true, he's either a Don Juan or a sex maniac.
Though these criteria are true for the infected G. max library ( t < 0 for <25% of 927 transcripts), they do not appear to be true for the M. truncatula libraries we analyzed (
But there seems to be something true about the argument that to secure the maximum number of subscribers who can afford to pay an annual subscription, as well as increasingly discriminating advertisers, journals always have to work hard to appeal to the developed world audience [ 25 ] . Therefore the filling of scarce pages with research from the developing world makes no commercial sense and publishers are unlikely to support editors who take their journals in such a direction [ 25 ] . This hindrance should be swept away by the appearance of e-journals like the BioMed Central periodicals, which theoretically have no page limitations.
where TP stands for true positives, TN for true negatives, FP for false positives, and FN for false negatives; these numbers denote the absolute numbers of correctly and incorrectly classified sequences.
It's true that they were smelly and that the sight of poverty and desperation are not pleasant, and they all told the same self-serving lies for my benefit, and could never remember no matter how many times they were told that white women don't think it's a compliment to be told they have big legs, and they were noisy, although they would pipe down if you cared to go out at three in the morning to ask, which the tourists sure won't.
Of Blair, who has enjoyed close relations with Murdoch, the paper said, "With every passing day he has a clearer idea of Mr Murdoch and his true nature.
That the people with whom Brandon feels most at home would kill him if they knew his true gender is the movie's most tragic irony--and the one that lifts it out of the realm of gay-martyr hagiography and into something more complex and irreducible: a meditation on the irrelevance of gender.
He is a free man, and in freedom is true power.
This proves true when recalling other band names from the early 1960s, such as Gerry and the Pacemakers, Rory Storm and the Hurricanes, and Derry and the Seniors, all names that point out that one member was the leader.
But it certainly seems true that the absence of a tradition of Southern unionism has made it easier for employers to play on fears about union corruption and greed, and to suggest that plant closings are an inevitable consequence of unionization.
While it's true that expansion temporarily diluted the talent pool, the DH artificially increased offense, and players have gained the economic upper hand, there is a widespread consensus that the quality of the game itself is as good as or better than ever . Improvements in hitting have been matched by craftier pitching (by such hurlers as Atlanta's Greg Maddux and Baltimore's Mike Mussina).
It may be true that Boswell's formal, highly generalized diction, quite possibly encouraged by Malone, is no longer to our taste, that is, not the diction of twentieth-century biographers; but if so, so much the worse for 20th-century readers of biography.
True to character, Gore struggled with his decision for many months in the summer of 1969, seeking the counsel of his father, his friends, and a professor.
Built onto the castle walls, at ﬁrst glance this picture-book array of turrets, terraces, and arches could easily pass for authentic medieval fortiﬁcations, but they are in fact too good to be true, constructed around the turn of this century as pure ornamentation.
Of course it is true that for a given level of spending, lowering one tax will require raising another.
It is often true, as several respondents observe, that in order to succeed in the mainstream world speakers must use a standard variety.
The true stories are nearly as good as the imagined ones.
Head across 25 August Street to a small park — El Greco — named after the painter, a native of Crete, whose true name was Dominicos Theotokópoulos.
While that is true about the majority of words, it does not obtain for all the words and certainly not for many of the colorful parts of the language, notably slang and idiomatic expressions.
Under this definition United Parcel Service (UPS) is not a true universal service provider because it imposes a surcharge for residential delivery.
And there is a cartoon aspect: the curses people hurled at you have come true.
The market, unsuprisingly, recognizes that the opposite is just as often true, which is why the stocks of both MCI WorldCom and BellSouth have been driven down since they made their respective bids.
Whatever the risk, two facts are true.
It's also true that whoever runs against Hillary would infuriate that same party establishment.
When did Lana discover Brandon's true gender?
"I have learned the true meaning of friendship."
The very opposite is true.
It's a stirring true tale of an all-black Catholic basketball team that faces off with the best white team in the segregated New Orleans of the 1960s.
True, my reaction may be the worst kind of post-mayhem 20-20 hindsight: "Why didn't someone do something?!"
In an op-ed article Wednesday in the Financial Times, columnist Edward Mortimer said that "Saddam and Slobo, the presidents of Iraq and Yugoslavia, are the true architects of the new world order": "It is largely in reaction to them that, by a series of improvisations, the vaunted 'international community' has defined itself."
It is true that through ongoing refinement of apparel assembly processes American manufacturers have been able to achieve some continuous improvements in labor productivity.
True, much has been confirmed by the ongoing opening of the archives and the sterling work of the special Cold War research project at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington, D.C., on whose delvings Gaddis leans heavily.
The mailman, it's true, has not yet read the novel, only the reviews, and our lively conversation (many skyward hand gestures) veers in theological directions alien to American Pastoral . But I cite the theological detour to show what is going on these days every time I pick up the phone or loll about on the springtime sidewalk.
It is evident that genes containing a PPRE have roles in FA oxidation but not FA synthesis, whereas the converse is true for genes containing SRE promoters.
This concern, together with other recent studies that raise questions about the ability to accurately perform cross-platform comparisons of gene-expression datasets [ 42 43 ] , prevents us from drawing firm conclusions about the true extent of inter-individual differences from the published microarray data.
Given these observations we might expect that this would also be true for bristles.
But a near-universal assumption in politics says that a candidate has to respond to charges made by serious opponents, lest those charges be generally accepted as true.
In the recent debates, he has left abortion and school prayer to the true believers Keyes and Bauer, and focused exclusively on the flat tax, repeating the phrase as a kind of meditational "om."
According to Behrandt, diapause occurs at the end of anatrepsis (germband immersion) in Aphis fabae . This has been corroborated by the observation that in Sitobioum graminum the majority of embryos also pass winter at the end of anatrepsis [ 13 ] , and the same may be true of Aphis pomi in Virginia USA [ 14 ] . Other aphids, however, including German clones of Aphis pomi, appear to develop constantly throughout the winter, with no definite resting stage [ 15 ] . A resting stage is a widely reported characteristic of diapause [ 1 2 16 17 18 ] and so the extent to which diapause occurs generally in aphids is therefore in some doubt.
(For a head start on the satire, check out the work of Slate necro-economists and .) But the true import of the new "death penalty" is the demise of the old one.
The true etymologies of some words are weird and fanciful enough—sometimes unbelievably so—and it must be they that inspired Tuleja to compile this collection, largely (if not entirely) out of his imagination.
He knows whether the charges in the Hersh story are true, and that's why he's in such a quandary.
I blurbed The Kiss . The book scared me, not because it concerns incest or happens to be true but because of the malign figure of the father, who reminded me of the character played by Robert Mitchum in The Night of the Hunter . I also appreciated the drugged cadence of the prose, with a chasm between every two sentences, and the frozen stare of the insistent present tense.
Meanwhile, the site that has claimed her name for its domain, www.monicalewinsky.com, says it's reserved "For Monica Lewinksy [ sic ] to use to convey to the American People, the TRUE Story of the White House Incident."
"I have been told," Dunne wrote in his press release, "that Mr. Irving is at the center of much controversy of late and has been accused--and I do not know if this is true or not--of denying the Holocaust."
Everyone leads with the presidential tape, although true to its Rashomon spirit, no two papers see in it quite the same thing.
Therefore, their frequency will decrease corresponding to the true fitness difference to the wild type, independent of the m.o.i.
True, thanks to New York's absurd election laws, it's hard to get on the ballot unless you have the blessing of the party establishment.
These mock-rivalries were contrived to attract publicity and promote sales--surely, that's true of the rap wars, too.
The true biological replicates are the arrays (provided that they do not measure the same biological sample).
The market-clearing price at 10 a.m., in other words, will not be the market-clearing price at noon or at 3 p.m., and that's true for all stocks, not just IPOs.
Since this is our last day, and Action premieres tonight, we won't be able to discuss its merits here, and whether you think it's true in its depiction of Hollywood.
Its name belies the true character of this elaborately pedimented monument, which constitutes both gateway and shopping complex.
The lack of improvement of tidal flow indices of airflow obstruction in the present study may be because of a true absence of bronchodilation in these patients, or because these indices are not sensitive enough to detect bronchodilation if one existed.
David Lynch ( Blue Velvet, Lost Highway ) shocks everyone by directing a G-rated film of the sweet, true story of a 73-year-old farmer who drives 300 miles on a lawnmower to visit his sick brother.
(4) Location of the contaminant: 67 thpercentile of the original distribution, 99 thpercentile of the original distribution, and "twice the 99 thpercentile" (true mode plus twice the distance between the 99th percentile of original distribution and the true mode).
Even a statement very close to the periphery can be held true in the face of recalcitrant experience by pleading hallucination or by amending certain statements of the kind called logical laws.
3: Our genes, though perhaps not real smart, aren't downright stupid . Here we come, at last, to the true absurdity of familial love.
If this is true, it could at least partially explain why the number of pieces delivered per box is so much larger for the fourth and fifth quintile than it is for the other three.
To account for 64% of the true variance, the number of occasions ranged from O 
The true pK 
The alliance should keep in mind the "infamy of what is happening and hold true to the principles of democracy, individual liberty and the rule of law which its founding treaty proclaims."
Is it true the president is not seeing a shrink?
begged the more important question of whether government scientists are concealing the true nature of the AIDS epidemic--particularly as the Gulf War Syndrome debacle unravels.
Kutchins and Kirk claim that the DSM isn't a true account of mental illness because it's informed by particular social values.
True comradeship, however, is not forgotten.
The grand hotels make up for this with their dazzling pools, but anyone whose heart is set on true “beach time” should consider another option.
If that were true, the crazy amount of entitlements, handouts, and obscene regulations on business wouldn't exist.
Although these data suggest that these sequences are transcribed, additional experiments are necessary to confirm whether this is true for each clone.
Of course, it's also true that if your Aunt Agnes just can't stand the idea of people reading the New York Times , her anguish is a real cost of allowing freedom of the press.
True believers have spent hours counting out ciphers, then trying to puzzle out the significance of the revealed codes.
OK, so maybe that's because not all 78 are true.

But it's true.
But as was reported somewhat tentatively on Sept. 25 in Salon and subsequently confirmed elsewhere, the story almost certainly isn't true.
Since “snow is white” is true if and only if snow is white, and since “snow is white” is true if and only if “snow is white” is true, it follows that “ ` “snow is white” is true' is true” is true if and only if “ `snow is white' is true” is true.
A ROC curve representing a parameter with no discrimination at all is a 45° diagonal line from the left lower corner (0% true positive rate and 0% false positive rate) to the upper right corner (100% true positive rate and 100% false positive rate) with an area under the curve of 0.5.
It has also opened the public's eyes to "the true nature of these leaders and their methods."
It's true that China's financial interests are best served by stifling its anger.
2) That chair is used metonymically in the same way as the Crown and the Oval Office is true, but to refer to the office, not to the person occupying it.
The opposite is true when the selection criteria becomes less strict (top 5% → 10% of genes), where the curve shifts (10% LFC model = 1.59 + 69.
A new adage is proving true in Washington: Ex-politicians don't retire.
In the case of non-continuous dose-response relationships, it is assumed that there exists a true threshold, or concentration below which there is no adverse effect on aquatic life, and above which there is an adverse effect.
True, the treatments address biologically caused problems, but ones that are hardly incapacitating.
The saying “Time is money” is quite literally true in Hong Kong: more is spent on watches and clocks here than on cameras and optical goods.
"Absolutely true," the radio announcer replies.
If the suggested nosocomial mechanism of transmission were true, the assumption that infection rates are uniformly distributed would not be valid, because HCV infections will tend to cluster within households that participated in the campaign compared to households that did not.
The important question is not whether these stories are true; it is whether they are typical.
Perhaps, Berman speculates, Havel and Michnik represent the true legacy of the worldwide revolutionary sprouting of 1968.
Which hypothesis is true?
Here, too, what's true for the revolving-door adult system is even more true for the no-fault juvenile system.
Interestingly, Rab24 has been implicated as a possible mediator of autophagy in a recent study where wild-type GFP-Rab24 was observed to accumulate on large autophagic vacuoles in cells subjected to amino acid starvation [ 43 ] . Thus, if Rab24(D123I) functions as a true dominant suppressor of endogenous Rab24, the inclusions observed in the present study may consist of misfolded endogenous proteins that cannot be degraded because basal activity of the autophagosome-lysosome pathway is blocked.
This is true even though rapid depreciation and obsolescence characterize information technology.
The kid, we learn, was taken by a woman crazy with the loss of her own baby and then raised, after her suicide, by a big-hearted guy called George (John Kapelos), who had no knowledge of his adopted son's true origins.
True, traditional economic theory--the stuff that occupies the first 10 or so chapters of most introductory textbooks--does assume "diminishing returns" in both production and consumption.
It's almost certainly true that certain sectors of developed economies (textiles, steel) are hurt by free trade, but it's equally true that other sectors (computer software and hardware, financial services) are helped.
(True?
Chatterbox (who has no opinion about whether these rumors are true, but wouldn't blame Mrs. Clinton if they were) doesn't see how Hillary Clinton can dine with Roger Altman ever again; if she does, Chatterbox will be forced to conclude that she lacks even the small quantity of self-respect required to serve in the U.S. Senate.
2. A random draw is made from each of those distributions, producing one set of possible true values.
Normalization methods should accurately measure true biological variation.
Because the contamination was applied to the right side of the distribution, the bias resulted in underestimates of the true mode.
And that's especially true in a place like America, with great status inequality.
McCarthy excels in the laconic, colloquial dialogue of his Texas and New Mexico cowboys, and the untranslated lingo of his Mexican characters generally rings true as well.
Lee's memoir snippet can't possibly be true because Robert E. Lee was at Gettysburg and Stonewall Jackson was dead on the specific date Rev.
Using a more sophisticated version of the same techniques, De Long and Lang concluded that some of the 78 "confirmed" hypotheses might be true, but probably not more than about a third of them.
Horror director Wes Craven ( Scream , A Nightmare on Elm Street ) branches out and tackles the true story of Roberta Guaspari, an East Harlem violin teacher.
If that's true, many of us could use a little sexual self-improvement.
In Japan, particularly, manufacturers feel that English-sounding names and writing on products add prestige to goods marketed there, and it is certainly true that atmosphere English has reached its apogee.
The vice president began the meeting with a rather unexpected question to the group: If it should prove true that the Martian rock actually harbored fossilized microbial life, what would be the least interesting result?
The same is true here.
True, the owner-manager model, successful as it has been, is not the only possible model for success.
True, there are some cuts in expenditures and personnel.
However, the converse is not true, as a gene that is not differentially expressed can have a p -value that is close to 1 even if all the probe pairs are 'good' in the above sense.
Schoolcraft, who believed it to be the `true source' of the Mississippi.
Using a cutoff score of 0.05, about 61% of the related documents will be accepted; these documents are true positives.
Some sequences that are very likely to be true
True love, in all its banalizing, talent-wrecking, middle-brow glory.
Here is the true pulse of Budapest: large hotels, museums, government buildings, shopping streets, nightlife, and thunderously busy boulevards.
After shopping, relax with "In the Line of Duty: true life experiences from our customers."
Crucecita is the true soul of this area, where all the shops, services, and facilities that make a town run are located.
The derivation of a given coefficient has no effect on any others [ 45 ] . A plot of the Fourier coefficients as a function of frequency or period yields a spectrum indicating any periodicity in the data and its frequency, the true periodogram (this use of periodogram is not the same as the Chi-squared periodogram traditionally used to evaluate circadian rhythms data [see [ 44 ] ]).
Amar gives no reason to believe his way will be more selective in searching for "true" rather than "false" evidence.
For instance, Polonius' spate of proverbial advice that ends To thine own self be true is not all bad.
And, it also can be true that one person's "disorder" is another person's uniqueness.
For instance, at the b1 locus, one specific allele can switch spontaneously from a non-paramutagenic, transcriptionally active, state to a paramutagenic, transcriptionally silenced, state [ 23 ] . Whether the same is true for trans-silencing is not well established.
Since “snow is white” is true if and only if snow is white, and since “snow is white” is true if and only if “snow is white” is true, it follows that “ ` “snow is white” is true' is true” is true if and only if “ `snow is white' is true” is true.

Sam Donaldson weasels, saying that his prediction of a departing Clinton was contingent upon the allegations being proved true.
Rather than following the one true way, conservatives have "splintered" into Rockefeller Republicanism, Pat Buchananism, and Nixon-style coalition building.
British Shakespeare scholars remain skeptical, both of the death mask's authenticity and of the possibility of discovering Shakespeare's true face.
I understand Clinton's utopian aspirations, but no society will ever find true peace and stability.
True, Duck Soup didn't resort to bunches of four-letter words--OK, cannonades of four-letter words--for shock value.
or "How true!"
Movie-- True Crime ;
4. These values are recorded, and can then be used to calculate the probability of the true value being in a particular interval or grouped into fixed-width intervals and represented by a histogram that approximates the probability density function for the total uncertainty.
It is true it is told from the point of view primarily of those who tried to save preference, and one may be able to take issue with some of the journalistic flourishes, as you do, but aside from characterization of the participants I don't detect bias.
As is true at other campuses, almost all of our operating funds are restricted.
Although it is certainly true that a supplier gains from successful customers, the degree to which such a company actually benefits has much to do with its internal manufacturing choices.
From visual inspection of the position of the cutoff values along the ratio distributions we expect that these assignments more accurately reflect the true genome compositions.
True, and utterly meaningless.
In the meantime, I'm happy to have lived long enough to think I recognize a sample from the Andrea True Connection's "More, More, More" in LEN's "If You Steal My Sunshine."
True monogamy, then, would seem a very worthwhile institution.
But is it possible that Reagan's policies such as the tax cuts, deregulation, privatization of government assets, and the celebration of the entrepreneur as the true American hero, created the necessary political and social framework for the silicon revolution?
It is true also in Scandinavia where the money name is crown: krona (Sweden, Iceland), krone (Norway, Denmark).
Typically, we have a point estimate and think the true value of the parameter is likely near it and the probability drops off as we deviate in either direction.
Environmental issues, however, more or less by definition involve situations in which the price is wrong--in which the private costs of an activity fail to reflect its true social costs.
In a single hypothesis test, a Type I error occurs when a true hypothesis is rejected.
It's true he's not a homophobe like so many right-wingers, but it's not as though he's actually done anything for gays (except, as you've noted, get more of them than ever kicked out of the armed forces).
That maxim is as true now as it was then.
Even though it's not really a law, Moore's prediction has held true for the past three decades.
"Yes, but what I'm saying, what I'm asking, is whether any of it's true."
However, the challenges in genome annotation remain daunting [ 10], and the research community can anticipate years of additional work and manual curation to produce a true gene map of high quality.
Figure 8Dshows that the same relationship holds true for cell density, as would be expected from Figure 8B.
Cleisthenes, recognized by history as the true founder of Athenian democracy, took over in 508 b.c.
Me: True.
When we used the version of McPromoter that includes analysis of the physical properties of the genomic DNA, as we do with Drosophila , the true positives are much less correlated with CpG islands (61%), and therefore constitute a broader subset of vertebrate promoters.
This is true even though there is a general recognition that the relationship between dose and assay are likely to mediated by a complex series of intervening events and are particularly appropriate to this analytic approach.
Sounds too good to be true?
People who cleave to such attitudes may also scorn slang, but they are very often unaware of the true pristine condition of the language or of the origins of words that are standard in contemporary speech.
That would never be true of the system as a whole, even if it were true of people born around 1959.
Only style is the true test.
Since 1913, we have remained true to our mission of providing quality home health care to individuals regardless of their ability to pay.
True, some problems are easy to diagnose but hard to deal with.
When, not if, the next Linda Tripp comes to me with an amazing story that I know in my heart and gut is true, I will simply bypass the agonizing mainstream media, the doubting Thomases and whiners, and go directly to Matt Drudge.
Re Sam Hinton's The Meaning of Scientific Names [XI,1], I have had an experience which, in true biological tradition, will probably make me mildly notorious in perpetuity.
Tudjman is a true believer, but he has not always believed the same thing.
Dietary phytoestrogens sex reversed VSM, as expressed in the radial-arm maze by enhancing spatial memory in females but inhibited this ability in males, this finding corresponds to research regarding increased dementia observed in aged men consuming high tofu levels [ 44 ] . However, while it is important to establish the influence of dietary phytoestrogens on brain function and behavior in animal models, the true significance in humans remains to be determined as it relates to the present findings.
True, in sophisticated Spanish a goldfish can be called specifically a carpa dorada , which is feminine, but such a term seemed unlikely to occur in the rustic Spanish of New Mexico.
But gas prices begin to rise which allows coal to make a modest comeback with respect to scenario A. This is especially true as cleaner and more efficient coal technologies begin to penetrate the market as assumed in scenarios B through D. In order to offset the tendency for coal-generated emissions to increase, permit prices need to adjust upward.
On the NYT Op-Ed page, Garry Wills argues that the true test of a presidential candidate is not temperament or virtue but the shrewd ability to communicate with a constituency.
The same is true for the airplane offerings.
The same is true for the latter: patients responding to treatment tend to continue in the study, while patients failing to respond tend to drop out prematurely.
True, the goods that New York ships to the rest of the world would be struck off the export tally, while the goods the city ships to the rest of the United States would henceforth count as U.S. imports.
This is particularly true for changes in tension and the associated discharge of the GTO.
A different scenario holds true for the two ligands, xorphanol and WIN 44,441.
But it's not true that unless welfare reform takes all the people on welfare and gets them private sector jobs, it's failed.
He was for the students an advisor, mentor, chaplain, uncle, and true friend.
True or false?
We predicted that the mode estimators would perform poorly with contaminants located close to the true mode.
"I am Chris Whittle, the one true God.
Since “snow is white” is true if and only if snow is white, and since “snow is white” is true if and only if “snow is white” is true, it follows that “ ` “snow is white” is true' is true” is true if and only if “ `snow is white' is true” is true.
In fact, they gave a precise definition of the word overwhelming, according to which roughly 10 percent of all true hypotheses should come packaged with overwhelming evidence.
Those of us who had the pleasure of his company, if only for a few, seemingly fleeting moments, will have to struggle on to keep his true memory alive.
Maybe it's true you can't be president without supporting the ethanol subsidy.
Ah, if only it were true.
The anti-tobacco bill is dead because Big Tobacco bought the Republican senators, charges Margaret Carlson (CNN's Capital Gang ). True enough, agrees Al Hunt, but let's not forget that the trial lawyers bought the Democrats.
Moreover, as implied above, if microarray data contain no negative expression levels (a natural proposition), it is likely that the distribution of z above is closer to the true distribution of microarray data than is the distribution of the ratio of true normal distributions.
Since “snow is white” is true if and only if snow is white, and since “snow is white” is true if and only if “snow is white” is true, it follows that “ ` “snow is white” is true' is true” is true if and only if “ `snow is white' is true” is true.
True to the tradition of California’s indulgence of utopian dreams, the Beat generation of the 1950s made its home in San Francisco’s North Beach district.
This is true even when bidders have no intention of reselling the item and when its innate value seems inherently subjective.
It attracts an increasing number of visitors to its true Mexican ambiance, coupled with a modern resort environment.
Please join your fellow colleagues and make this dream come true for your association by making a significant pledge to this program.
And I'm not That I'm elated that I'm not, once again, The relative reaching over the butcherblock For the telephone, and in that lurch Having the notion common to us all-- Now's my time to pay for pleasure -- Prove true.
The results of the current investigation are encouraging - the well-known conventional DVH can be successfully expanded to include treatment delivery, tissue biology, and time/fractionation-related information that better represents the true effect of the treatment on critical structures.
It's true that El Niño afflicts the West and Gulf Coasts with nasty winters, and that it decimates the salmon population.
The brilliant light and intoxicatingly clean air on the trail are a true delight, and the thundering falls, at their best during the spring snow melt, are awe-inspiring.
Cultural festivals are one opportunity, but the better way is at a private wedding or feast day when the performances are set in their true context.
This is as true of buildings as it is of women’s hats, pace Le Corbusier.
It is practical advice that remains true today.
These proportions are shown in Figure 13c, d, and are unbiased estimates of the true p values.
In RI strains, however, recombination events accumulate over many generations, and two or more recombinations can therefore be extremely close to each other and can produce true double-recombinant haplotypes.
That's sort of true, but not entirely.
This is true of the transcription factor Cubitus interruptus (Ci): it is cleaved and its C-terminal portion is degraded [ 25 ] [ 26 ] [ 27 ] . Cleavage and degradation require phosphorylation, SCF Slmb, and proteasomal activity.
It has nothing to do with the correctness of the information, and the flag itself is presumably always true.
The hero yields to a best-repressed impulse (the urge to be unfaithful to his true love) and gets launched on a dark odyssey, which culminates in his near death and a vision of society's most ferociously psychosexual underpinnings--civilization and its discontents and all that.
For the four different amplified protocols and the unamplified arrays, the relevant variances are estimated in Table 5. The variance of the true expression (Var Z) ranges from 0.623-0.
But short-term sales aside, if Ty's promise isn't true, it should be, since it represents a very rare thing in the business world: a recognition that things actually come to an end.
I think that the poor population in the true rural areas will benefit from more attorneys with a wide range of expertise.
The true wealth of the Archbishopric of Braga, though, can be glimpsed in the cathedral’s stunning but somewhat disheveled Museu de Arte Sacra (Museum of Religious Art), crammed with gold and silver pieces, including the cross that Cabral took on his pioneering voyage to Brazil in 1500, polychromatic figures, and azulejos.
That's true.
Dogma at least has some fun with the idea that God is really Alanis Morissette, and Michael York in The Omega Code is as cheerful an antichrist as one could wish for, but in End of Days when Satan is finally revealed in his true form, erupting out of the floor of a cathedral to confront Schwarzenegger, guess what he is.
the approving official's knowledge true, correct, and accurate, and in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, and legal decisions.
Hartle and Gell-Mann argue that the decoherent histories of the universe, where true probabilities can be assigned, rather than mere amplitudes, correspond to the classical realm.
Even respondents agree that "the true speaker in Rust was not the government, but a doctor."
It's true that Pierce's "altruistic" impulse is not on par with Travis Bickle's impulse to shave his head and assassinate a presidential candidate, but Schrader and Scorsese don't view his actions with any irony.
If what you say is true, then Clinton wouldn't have been able to pass his huge tax increase in '93.
True or not, there is little debate that most low-income clients, and many in the middle class, find lawyers well outside their financial reach.
The characteristics of a water channel and residues that distinguish a true water facilitator from a glycerol facilitator have previously been analyzed by comparing sequences of AQPs with known functions [ 58].
True, he has an infamous past as a skirt-chaser, but unlike Bill Clinton, with his taste in big-haired trailer-park mistresses, he can honestly say he has slept with some of the most beautiful women in the world."
Movie -- One True Thing ;
And, while this sounds like a cliché, it's undoubtedly true: Parcells makes his players believe they can win, so they do.
This is true enough--in recent days ex-strategist Don Sipple has trashed the campaign on the record.
Not everyone's this harsh, but the film has only one true supporter, the Los Angeles Times ' Kevin Thomas, who deems it "an exceptionally touching and provocative love story."
The makeup counter was lined with female forms: an older Latin woman painting the wide-open eyes of an African-American teen-ager; a white girl and a pink girl and a brown girl crowding around the eyeliner counter, avidly seeking their "one true color" amid the promiscuous riot of magenta, peach, chartreuse, fuchsia, and mauve.

And yet, the longer I am with him the worse it gets and the harder it becomes to hide my true feelings.
The latter is the true catabolic entity, has narrow specificity for tryptophan, and is inducible in the presence of tryptophan, glucocorticoids and heme cofactor [ 17].
Genes with matches in the "A" range are true homologs, while those in the "B" range are likely related and those in the "C" range require visual validation of the level of identity in order to ensure a true match.
In all the following cases, the spelling, (apparent) roots, or sound of the word actively suggest a meaning different from the true one.
The fake ad becomes a moment of dark revelation--a window into John's true character.
Measurement error can result from a variety of factors, including true variance not captured by a particular measurement strategy, which may complicate the interpretation of temporal reliability estimates.
A little research soon reveals the true meaning of the season of good will to all men.
"In my opinion," he told me, "the Antichrist will be a counterfeit of the true Christ, which means that he will be male and Jewish, since Jesus was male and Jewish."
Approaching an acquaintance I haven't seen in a while I often say, "Nice to see you" (which is true).
As a writer, I wish it were true.
An inside NYT piece by Felicity Barringer makes an observation that raises deep questions about the media's true values: In the week following the simultaneous breaking of well-researched allegations of a U.S. massacre of civilians during the Korean war and of the Jesse Ventura Playboy interview, less and less was said about the former and more and more was said about the latter.
And given that his columns are ephemera, why shouldn't Will give them up for his true love?
The 737 inspections ordered by the FAA last week (which USAT alone led with on Friday) were apparently well warranted: 13 of the first 26 fuel main fuel pump wires checked showed wear on their insulation, says USAT . The WP is a little more reader-friendly about the actual number of planes involved: it says every one of the first 13 planes checked show some insulation chafing (the NYT , in its front-page story, says instead that this was true of a majority of the first 13 planes looked at), and that the grounding order affects 179 U.S. planes and 193 others worldwide.
True, there's the hollow man, Pierce Brosnan, in the McQueen role, but he's not bad here: His passivity is archly amusing.
A White House aide, Doris Matsui, was included (illegally, if true) in an Asian-American political fund-raising committee headed by John Huang.
But, as one missionary who has been building churches in China for two decades put it to me, "Almost everything that is said about the church in China is true for some part of China.
It was there, he says, that he met his "only true hero" and began a lifelong love affair with copy editing.
The same is true of the transfer RNA where the anticodon site is distant from the amino acid binding site.
Conference participants reflected a true cross section of the country, with clients and advocates attending from more than twenty-eight (28) states.
At the magazine, she has extensive editorial input (which is true).
And yet, even at his most peculiar, Templeton stays true to his scientific and capitalistic principles: If you send him a new law and he adds it to the next edition of Worldwide Laws , he'll pay you $1,000.
(True, their lives are temporarily screwed, but businesses do not exist to hand out paychecks; they exist because they do something useful in an efficient manner.
It was a disconcerting experience, waiting to enter the theater to see One True Thing . The earlier screening was ending, and out came one woman after another with tears streaming down her face or eyes bloodshot from weeping.
All this may be true.
The same was true for the option of using ground units from the Special Operations Command.
True, the original Constitution places some limits on the legislative competence of the states.
True enough (I concede in advance), there aren't many pols out there who actually live up to this standard-but let's not give the vital center a bad name by pretending that it's no more than dishonest tacking.
That is as true today as it was in 1919.
True, during the 1970s and early 1980s macroeconomics suffered a crisis.
As it happens, censorship wasn't an issue with the first volume of MacDonald's trilogy, because Itzkoff thought highly of it (that's the book in which MacDonald calls Judaism a "group evolutionary strategy" masquerading as a religion in order to hide its true purpose--to maximize intelligence and give Jews an advantage in the competition for resources).
Do people realize just how creepy Clinton's behavior was, if the worst reported details of Willey's testimony are true?
As was true of CAST, the MOLD Tnfrh1 promoter region differed from BL/6 at several SNPs, thereby providing a possible explanation for this constitutive bias (data not shown).
It is also true that while Ben's mother certainly deserved to share in his father's largess, Ben and any other siblings were merely members of the "lucky sperm club."
It's a startling admission--all the more shocking because it isn't true.
The movie takes the view of a mordant social scientist who recognizes that consumerism has become the true world religion.
It is certainly true that the main drug used was grass, but there was widespread drug experimentation, with so much familiarity with hash that the play on the three words hash, Haight , and Ashbury was inevitable.
In the case of non-continuous dose-response relationships, it is assumed that there exists a true threshold, or concentration below which there is no adverse effect on aquatic life, and above which there is an adverse effect.
10 Obsession With Profits: The stock market's unhealthy fixation on expected earnings led many executives to exaggerate balance sheets through accounting tricks, distorting true stock worth.
I mean, is it true that if I buy a blouse I'm not saving a child?
This is particularly true for specialized ICU services such as mechanical ventilation, where no information exists specifically for rural hospitals.
This was not true for clonal or polyclonal transductants that expressed Tag from the MoMuLV LTR, which supports a high level of expression (unpublished observations).
Another feature of this generation's passage through American culture--shared by liberals and conservatives, cynics and true believers, Clinton, Gingrich, Steven Spielberg, and Dowd herself--is a misty sense of some better, earlier time before they came along and screwed everything up.
But the AARP fiercely complained that the excerpted quotations were not true to the organization's letter--which did not take sides against Clinton.
That's no more true than saying there is only one standard by which you can call yourself a Catholic, Protestant, Jew, black, white, Republican, Democrat, or any other philosophy or race.
A true idealist would lobby the coalition hard for ground troops, as British Prime Minister Tony Blair has done, or would jettison the coalition and send in his own ground troops anyway.
5 and 6 are half-truths, of which the true portion applies to all three programs.
To hard-core Clinton-haters, these connections are evidence of Clinton's true political colors--the social-democratic, New Left, McGovernite, anti-free-enterprise, America-hating tendencies he has so brilliantly camouflaged.
For instance, based on the pilot data, we can estimate the d values for some selected genes (with the sample means and sample SDs substituting the true means and SDs in the formula for d ), from which one can determine a range of d values of interest.
A treckled spout in the lake for speckled trout is interesting, perhaps even amusing, but it lacks the satisfaction and punch of a true spoonerism.
But those who take the isn't-this-just-typical line are doing so precisely because, although they think it's typical, they accept that it isn't true.
In the belief that knowledge of another person's real name gave one magical power over that person, early tribal members often concealed their true names beneath protective layers of pseudonyms.
For double-stranded DNA molecules, this is necessarily true because of Watson-Crick base pairing.
But the true beauty of the "give him a hearing" argument is that it capitalizes on anti-Washington populism.
T >here are several differences between the 101 Strings album and Sketches of Spain . Solos have no place in true mood music; they're too unsettling and risky.
Is it true that wealthy people are bigger sports fans than the nonwealthy?
It's true that Heston the activist has accomplished more than most private citizens ever hope to.
) Today the opposite is true: The United States has a trade deficit with Mexico, and it's growing.
The prevalence of this association was found to be higher in our study than in other previous series [ 2 3 4 5 6 7 ] . The true prevalence could be even higher since liver enzyme profiles were not done in all patients.
The true reasons for the change of heart seem to be an appeal by Diana's brother, Earl Spencer, and a ferocious campaign against Hewitt by the other tabloids.
The code forbids lawyers from making any statement, true or false, outside the courtroom that has a "substantial likelihood" of "materially prejudicing" a trial.
The statement that Generally speaking, the Russians make greater use of proverbs than the Americans or the British is doubtless true, with the consequence that the careful attention given Mertvago's compilation is quite justified.
On the positive side, "Faludi's reportorial and literary skills unfold with a breathtaking confidence and beauty" (Elizabeth Gleick, Time ). More often, though, critics call the book "didactic and highly simplistic" (Kakutani, the New York Times ). Judith Shulevitz finds a flaw at the center of Faludi's thesis: She "assumes something that's no longer true: that America is in the throes of downsizing and loss"; and her focus on the marginalized and downsized distorts her view: "she should have said she was talking about class; she claimed to be talking about gender" (the New York Times Book Review ). (Click here to listen to an interview with Faludi.)
Thus, true associations can be missed due to misclassiflcation.
This emphasizes the main point of our work, namely the importance of measuring differential expression relative to the local noise; only then can we decide whether a given ratio score can be considered as indicating true regulation or not.
That explanation, however, turns out not to be true of many of Bradley's jocks.
This is particularly true if you're fighting for a job in the Clinton administration, where insecurity over the drug war runs high.
This implies that the previously proposed relationships for the APSES domain are unlikely to represent the true evolutionary connections.
Yes, yes, I know, because of insurance and third parties, there is no true market for healthcare, but we should try to approximate one as best we can, so that people's real desires (and not some political hack's view of them)determine the structure of healthcare.
Well, I've spent the morning doing some research and have uncovered thousands of pages of evidence that reveal that the Times ' worst fears have already come true, with the government's propaganda campaign in effect for at least three decades, and with a far greater reach than Salon originally reported.
When I say that Rothschild doesn't know much about economics, I don't mean that conventional economics is right and his ideas are wrong--although where they differ that is generally true.
.." These words ring true in the hearts and lives of changed people here at The Salvation Army.
In leading commercial companies, the opposite is true.
If the reader doesn't know what a flag is, defining it as a piece of information that is either true or false is worse than not defining it at all.
This is true even when they glide along country roads with large bundles balanced on their heads.
Therefore, the true difference in ICU-related charges is even more significant.
254: &quot;Too True To Be Good&quot;
But what has become incredibly clear in 1999 is that the signal-to-noise ratio in the stock market is degenerating (with something like Piecyk's report being noise), and that means that it will take longer for those true levels to be reached.

The exclusive OR operation yields true (bit is set) if the bits differ and false (bit is not set) otherwise.
Unless exposed to C73, E82 plants are always cop1 -like and silenced for GFP-COP1, and the same is true for homozygous L91 plants.
A threshold value applied to the entire image can neglect needed information and may detect more noise than the true edges.
Many of these patients were under the influence of sedation and the worst GCS would reflect the effect of sedation more than the true underlying mental status.
Screens of genomic libraries using the Runt domain sequence as probe indicate that the same is also apparently true of the sea urchin S. purpuratus [ 10 ] , although final verification of this awaits the completion of the sea urchin genome.
The elimination of these false positive colonies from the initial screening of the cDNA library resulted in a total of 64 colonies whose library clones encoded potentially true interacting proteins with the extracellular domain of proHB-EGF.
STARR: It's true Monica asked to lawyer up,
As part of the small, ongoing insurrection of conservative true believers against Speaker Gingrich, he has essentially given up his chance to get bills introduced or to have an influence on the Republican agenda.
It's true, you imagine that George Quincy is getting good sex--he certainly appears relaxed for a guy who signs more death warrants for his state's citizens in a day than I drink cups of coffee--but one wonders whether it's with his wife.
It's true that, as he says, "We're electing someone to run the government, not minister to the condition of our souls."
Surely that holds true for all of life, not just for its constituent parts.
It is true that no juror can be sure whether his or her doubt is more or less than 5 percent, but it is equally true that no juror can be sure whether his or her doubt is more or less than "reasonable."
8 billion (the true number is rumored to be $4 billion or more) in the copper market by an employee of Sumitomo Corp.--the story quickly faded from the front pages.
USAT , the NYT , the WP , and the LAT all have front pagers today about how the British royal family appears to have underestimated the public affection for Di and the papers worry that, as a result, the royals may never again enjoy true mass appeal.
True loathing requires real understanding.
(That's been true, sometimes, but who pays the money to corrupt unions?)
While it is probably true, as Susan Sontag has argued, that Brady's images of the horrors of the battlefields "did not make people any less keen to go on with the Civil War," he did convey to his audience the sheer human cost of the war.
6. "Long-struggling Amtrak, which thought it had finally found a true winner in the high-speed Acela train, announced this week that the Acela won't be launched until next spring at the earliest because the vibration of the trains is causing 'excessive wheel wear.'
While this may have been true for a good many (Beatles, Dylan), the requirements of publishing every two weeks meant others, like the Moodies, Vanilla Fudge, Jefferson Airplane ("Son of Jesus", anyone?)
Mellow, a National Book Award winner, died before completing this long biography of the photographer and writer--making it this summer's third example (after Ernest Hemingway's True at First Light and Ralph Ellison's Juneteenth ) of an unfinished work by a deceased author published before proper completion.
In his review of The Big Lebowski , Alex Ross shows himself to be a true spokesman for the film establishment.
This is particularly true at later times.
Could this be true?
The change is necessary, he added, to assure "a true oversight mechanism" for the New York City program.
Peruvian officials say that the tunnel-digging story is plausible, but that if it's true, President Alberto Fujimori doesn't know about it.
But it isn't true.
Or Clinton might stick to his story because it's true.
We find that the previously reported functional linkages can be completely reconfirmed (data not shown), which suggests that the true coevolution patterns of certain gene clusters are robust when a wider range of genomes are sampled and appear to resist the noise due to evolutionary diversity that could be introduced when more genomes are used.
A few years ago, when I made reference to the expression join the majority, a reader who likes to deal with such things wrote to advise that the expression was no longer literally true, for the number of people living now exceeds the total of all who had ever lived.
It is more than likely that at least some of the male humans using them are innocently unaware of the true meaning of a word or words they perhaps use daily.
Could be true.
Secondly, more often than not, powerful new technologies don't live up to their supposed "true" potential.
In ideal terms, the scatter cloud is thought of as consisting of two components: one is just noise from the enzymatic and hybridization steps affecting all the genes; the other reflects true sample differences.
If it is true, BOP will do two things.
What the interview actually suggests, however, is that both perceptions are true.
I know you find that hard to accept, but really, it's true.
That's been true through most of human history.
This might suggest that LTGs are not true open reading frames (ORFs).
This assumption is often false because an observed intensity can be far from the true mean with moderate or high probability.
In each case, this extrapolated venous concentration (red line) is a poor approximation to the true model venous concentration (black).

True, the WP calls it "largely symbolic"--but not until the 10th paragraph, after first calling it "a dramatic upheaval" and "part of a broad make-over."
It's not clear whether that's been true of any Lockheed plane since.
Following this strategy, it is true that a manufacturer will carry more inventory for certain items.
The Cambridge delivers a smoother, more coherent, more rhythmic, more dynamic, more tonally true picture of the music.
We found this to be true for each of the case study organizations that we visited.
One predicts that Democrats will try to dump Clinton quickly if the allegations turn out to be true: They don't want him dragging the party down to defeat in 1998 or 2000 as Nixon did the Republicans in 1974.
This has been true in primary care settings as well.
The same was true, to a lesser extent, of investors in the United States, to whom China Telecom must suddenly have looked less like a savvy investment in an infinitely expandable market and more like an overvalued investment in a region plagued by dubious financing practices and even more dubious accounting.
It really seems as if the true sense of Oh dear! were Oh! the devil!
If you want the true Victor Hugo rendered into music, you have to get hold of Hyperion's CD of Songs by Camille Saint-Saëns , very capably performed by the baritone François Le Roux and the pianist (and music scholar) Graham Johnson.
3: If it's true that campaign finance reform would give the editorial pages such awesome power, it's darned impressive that the Journal alone is immune to this temptation.
So out of 78 "confirmed" hypotheses, it seems that approximately zero are true.
And yet just 15 pages later, in the very same issue, Paul Craig Roberts, among the truest of the supply-side cadre's true believers, begins his column with these words: "Robert A. Mundell's Nobel Prize has deprived supply-side economics of its voodoo status."
All animal cells examined contain at least one myosin II gene and usually multiple myosin I genes [ 8], but this is not true for Arabidopsis specifically and possibly for all plants.
It's a kids' movie, my friend, and it is as true to the original text as it can be in our politically correct times.
The statistical significance of our predictions and the inferred true positive rate are comparable to the segmentation gene results.
A leyenda, a legend, is an oral narrative different from a folktale in that it is narrated as if the event described occurred in the recent past and the story is believed by the narrator to be true.
The Safeway that supplied the beers didn't carry any true bargain-basement products, such as "Red, White, and Blue," "Old German," or the one with generic printing that just says "Beer."
In an interview excerpt, the Post reporters ask him whether it is true, as they heard from others, that during the Vietnam War, Bush argued on both sides of the issue.
The long dream of independence seemed to have come true.
It is possible that the true dose response relationships for some pollutants may be less than linear, resulting in an overestimate of risk.
We do not believe that the true picture of that morning reflects discredit on the operational personnel at NEADS or FAA facilities.
This assumption may not be true.
While much of men's and women's clothing is designed to send out a complex code of sexual and social signals, Slates, true to their name, are blank.
As is true with any other partnership, regular communication is essential to success.
She insists that her affidavit, her cover story for the relationship, and even her statement that "there were other people present" when she was with Clinton (virtually identical to Clinton's assertion that "I was never alone with her") were "incomplete" and "misleading" but "literally true."
While it is true that films such as Blackboard Jungle , The Wild One , East of Eden , and Rebel Without a Cause tapped into the baby boom audience, the teen demographic was identified at Warner Bros. in the 1930s with the popular films starring the Dead End Kids.
This is especially true for the unsaturated fatty acid content of brine shrimp nauplii, Artemia.
Bill Moyers interviews George Lucas about the series' "true theology."
Me: True.
It didn't serve him so well this week, when his dire warnings that Y2K computer glitches would create a massive worldwide recession failed to come true.
After Reagan became president, is luck the true reason that the seemingly invincible inflation dragon was slain?
"True liberty and freedom come from God."
It is not firmly established if the reported 5' end nucleotide corresponds to the true 5' end of the mRNA.
The summary statistic is a weighted average of the estimated effect of receipt of treatment for each hospital or medical center, where the weight for each hospital or medical center is the reciprocal of the sum of the sampling variance and the variance of the true effect over the studies.
Of course they also say it's as easy to marry a rich man as a poor man, and that is definitely not true.
Has some historian recently discovered that the story is true, after all?
In the approach presented by Almeida and Vinga, this distance metric is shown to overestimate the true length of the similar segment.
For Clinton-haters, Gary Aldrich's tale sounded too good to be true.
(He says the one thing he took from yeshiva was to be true to oneself.
(Whether this is also true of other countries I cannot say.
Stating that ...many words and usages exiled from East Germany now found a place as free citizens in the world of linguistic glasnost..., he cites only one, Republikflucht , which is a true East German neologism, i.e., a new crime--leaving the country-- which didn't exist before and has since been eliminated from the penal code.
It's true, little irritants kept creeping in.
True enough, there was no solicitation inside.
It has been suggested that eukaryotic genes and proteins of archaebacterial origin are more closely related to one lineage of archaebacteria (Crenarchaeota; "eocytes") than the other major lineage (Euryarchaeota) [ 24 ] . If true, this would bear on our time estimate for the divergence of archaebacteria and eukaryotes.
On the hate-crime issue, it's true you can't execute someone twice; but most such crimes are assault or rape or lesser degrees of homicide--not capital crimes.
(These points are not only true, they are also poll-tested.)
Rather than taking statements to be either true or false, fuzzy logic assumes that statements are true or false to some degree, so the Syllogism in Barbara, for example, would be reformulated as follows:
Had the world known for certain that the incredible stories coming from the Soviet Union were true, more Jews could have been warned.
True, there's a one-in-10 chance that the love gene will sink along with Loving Bob.
(This is true of Goodfellas as well, in my view--a completely exhilarating movie that nonetheless has a certain coldness at its heart.)
But, said De Long and Lang, out of 78 true hypotheses, surely there should be at least a few that are overwhelmingly confirmed.
Kit Bond for advising listeners and potential candidates to "be true to yourself."
Restricting probe sets to those minimally present (our "detection filter") dramatically decreases the number of false positives, from an average of 56 down to 14, restricting analysis to genes called present in a higher fraction of the arrays from one of the comparison groups could further reduce false positives, but at the cost of missing some true positives.
Today, that's not true.
Once that happens, it is very difficult to get support to re-evaluate them, so it is true we must be careful when evaluating social science and psycho-social interventions.
Then, there should be a word for a word that has an etymology that is no longer true.
The objective of this study was to determine the following for various serum estrogens, gonadotropins, and urinary sex hormone metabolites: the minimum number of repeated measurements required for reliable estimates; the ICC s; and the amount of true variance accounted for by single measurements.
We used sensitivity analyses to illustrate the potential impact of a different true percentage.
Dictyostelium is one of the simplest studied eukaryotes that possesses true multicellularity [ 1 ] . Dictyostelium amoebae grow and divide asexually while feeding on bacteria or within an enriched broth.
The true face of the alliterative compassionate conservatism?
We don't, it's true, know how any given episode of Millionaire is going to turn out, and even though one might say the same about a forthcoming episode of ER , the fact that in theory no one knows how the Millionaire episode is going to turn out may make it more real.
In order to accomplish the highest sensitivity and specificity in the presence of a complex background, Affymetrix introduced a system that entails the use of a series of specific and non-specific gene probe sets that are intended to result in a more accurate discrimination between true signal and random hybridization.
But it's simply not true, as Jodie T. Allen asserts in her introduction, that the
It's like that great comic Baudelaire said about the true ironist: You have to be "a disinterested spectator of yourself," especially when your self is watching its nest egg quickly dwindle to "what the hell, blow it all in one big bash!"
It's true that Tito's Communist Partisans welcomed Jews into their guerilla units, and it's true that the Serbs were not as terrible as the Croats and Bosnians.
Trials that rely on investigator-reported MI probably underestimate the true event rate.
The taste for the grandiose musical spectacle has spread all across the Western world, but the greatest stars and divas need a triumph at La Scala for true consecration.
It is true, I'll concede, that Roy Barnes has only committed half a year to the Georgia legal services program, not the rest of his life.
These disincentives to thoroughness and honesty resulted in surveillance data and reports that did not reflect true incidence and prevalence of disease, circumstances, needs, responses, or impacts [ 9 ] .
T he Mummy is a debauchery but not a true defilement: Mummy movies don't constitute an especially glorious cinematic legacy.
Such amusements aside, one might think that a careful review of an older dictionary might reveal something about the state of the language at the time of publication; but that is not necessarily true for old dictionaries any more than it is for new ones.
And it's true that Gore is now doing the same to Bush.
I was stopped every step, women grabbing my arm, men pulling me aside to say: 'Can this be true?
It is not true that a person must include a prior set of restrictions in a deed when he sells his property.
The part about the underwear probably isn't true, but how can we be sure?
Azzam, by contrast, favored continuing to fight in Afghanistan until it had a true Islamist government.
Although I'm sure it's true that a lack of protective barriers leads inexorably to a lack of protective barriers, this is hardly a profound insight.
While this may be true for some proteins, the postulated cytoskeletal association of threonine558-phosphorylated moesin was maintained only when platelets were extracted with DOTMAC, but not with Triton X-100 [ 19].
True, the official language of the province of Quebec is French; and true, we have borrowed a few words from there; lacrosse , for example.
News & World Report's endorsement, the true value of your support is measured by the way Goodwill takes on problems that affect all of us.
They are not true islands but are each connected by a narrow neck of land.
If his theory were true, Edmund Hillary's ascent of Mount Everest would have been motivated by a desire to test new oxygen tanks, and Joshua Slocum would have circumnavigated the world in order rack up frequent-sailing miles.
When sequence variations were found within a strain they were regarded as true only if more than half the reads for a strain contained the change.
It's a fascinating case, though: She's Undine Spragg all over again, a true Wharton creation.
Clinton's true crime is not perjury or adultery, Graham shouts, it's that he planned to destroy Monica."
It is true that if you were editing the show to make a point you could omit as much as two-thirds of it.
As noted earlier, it is not uncommon to find US or European costs for diabetes used as a proxy for Canadian costs, even in official reports [ 6 ] ; however, the true relevance of these costs to a Canadian population can only be assumed.
Some recent gleanings, however, suggest that the opposite is true.
You might belong in Gryffindo r , Where dwell the brave at heart, Their daring, nerve, and chivalry Set Gryffindors apart; You might belong in Hufflepuff , Where they are just and loyal, Those patient Hufflepuffs are true And unafraid of toil; Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw , If you've a ready mind, Where those of wit and learning, Will always find their kind; Or perhaps in Slytheri n You'll make your real friends, Those cunning folk use any means To achieve their ends.
It's hard to say whether this is really true of Bill Clinton.
Although this order is almost certainly not entirely correct, comparison with other bacteria indicates that it is true for a majority of the borders between the 306 fragments (including those lost and those retained).
The story isn't true, but a chapter of that thesis, titled "A Dynamic Theory of Racial Income Differences," does have an appendix that begins "Each agent begins life with a random innate endowment.
This latest result, if it holds true, contravenes the accepted view of the past several decades that the rate of expansion of the universe has been gradually slowing since the big bang.
In yeshiva, being true to yourself is possible only if you recognize that your true self longs to submit to the rule of Torah.
But while this is still true to a degree, the gap is now closing and Lisbon is becoming altogether more European.
However, recent work shows that laboratory rat strains vary in their responsiveness to photoperiod [ 3 4 5 6 ] . Laboratory rats of some strains can be manipulated to unmask responses to photoperiod or melatonin, even though short photoperiod alone does not affect reproduction [ 7 8 9 ] . Peripubertal rats in the inbred Fischer 344 (F344) and Brown Norway (BN) strains are naturally sensitive to reproductive inhibition by short photoperiod alone [ 4 5 6 ] . In several species of rodents, peripubertal young have stronger reproductive responses to photoperiod than adults [ 10 11 12 13 ] , and this appears to be true for induced-photoresponsive laboratory rats as well [ 14 ] .
This uncertainty leads to proportional differences between frequency metric readouts and true cRNA transcript abundances.
As the amount of true regulation increases, longer tails develop that depart from normal behavior.
These studies ring true to me.
He has a paranoid fear (well, not paranoid, because it's true) that if he doesn't ruthlessly boost himself, a colleague will do him in.
I want a president who is true to other people more than he is true to himself.
(This is particularly true in childhood, but I'm not over it yet--are you?)
This is especially true under market conditions, where the need for sustenance can drive people into relationships that they would not choose in and of themselves.
True, there is not much subtlety in calling a gun a cannon , a ship a canoe , or an incompetent prizefighter a canvasback ; but that a canoe inspector is a gynecologist is not immediately obvious, that Cement City might be thought picturesquely oblique for a cemetery, and that chain lightning is certainly as descriptive as rotgut for cheap potent liquor cannot escape anyone's notice.
What is true is that Klayman will do what is right, no matter who is involved.
But it seems likely that this is a cliché that is true of the chattering classes but not true at all of the people who actually go to movies.
If the experiment is true, its implications are so surreal that they bear repeating: The first human embryo may have been cloned--with the aid of a cow egg.
3. Normalize (provisionally) all genes against the core genes under the assumption that the true abundance of the core genes does not change.
When an author writes what as wot, no indication of pronunciation is being given; the same is true for a number of other words (woz, skool, gon, sez, sed, 'our, rite).
Reporters and editors decide what hypotheses are newsworthy and likely to evoke interest in their readers and, for the same reasons discussed in Landsburg's article, this selection criteria are not especially effective at selecting the true scientific hypothesis.
True, he was male (women attempt suicide more often, but men succeed five times more).
Well, not everyone can design or build a house, that's true.
As a bonus, a cap would bring the income tax closer to being equitable, in the true sense of the word.
For example, it is clear that the regulation of AGRP differs in rats and mice, since in mice hypothalamic AGRP mRNA is elevated by a deficiency in leptin receptor function [ 4 ] but in rats this is not true [ 21 ] . However, hypothalamic POMC is regulated similarly in rats and mice, and this is probably the more important element regulating metabolic phenotype.

In their third meeting in a month, they clashed over health care and gun control and agreed on support for gays in the military . But most pundits said personality and leadership --not policy issues--were the true points of contention: Gore deemed Bradley "too intellectually removed" to deal with real-world problems; Bradley charged that Gore was not removed enough from the "Washington bunker" to generate creative solutions.
All this is especially true now that the Internet provides a direct connection between sellers and millions of consumers.
"I feel that the viewpoint I just heard is a very dangerous ivory towerism," said Mastrosimone, the prickliest conscience in the group, countering Helgeland's "be true to yourself as a writer" remarks.
Of course, even if all the "feeding frenzy" stories turn out to be true, by the time they are proven true the public may already have come to the unshakable conclusion that they're suspect, or the public may be so accustomed to the scandal that it doesn't care.
For SSH experiments, 4-10 leaves were harvested, avoiding the most immature leaves, cotyledons, and the first two true leaves.
By contrast, it seems calming to Brodkey's voice to find itself in a "true" first person and a lucid present tense.
But the same is true of existing policies promoting free contraception, and of laws like the Hyde Amendment, which denies Medicaid funding for abortions--not to mention the still extant statutes making it a crime to commit statutory rape (sex with a consenting minor), fornication (premarital sex), and adultery.
So most of the ads you see on television, believe it or not, are certified as true, defensible, and tasteful.
Brean isn't interested in whether the girl's accusation is true or not.
True, jobs are still being created in the bun sector; but soon enough the technological revolution will destroy those jobs too.
And it's also true that a studio such as Warner Bros. would never have spent $50 million on a film that didn't have a conventionally rabble-rousing outline and an upbeat finish.
Analysis of larger datasets indicates that true variances for microarray data within this model are not larger than one.
I'm pretty sure what she's saying here is true.
The Dalai Lama is, by all accounts, a true holy man: humble, devout, warm, funny, as sweet inside as outside.
What Bradley really should have done, though, is stick to his true beliefs, so the question of why he flipped would never have arisen.
"Almodóvar is eros's last true worshiper" (David Denby, New
"If this allegation proves true, and this disclosure actually took place, it constitutes a felony violation," said Rep.
It is probably safe to say that Bill Safire is the most prolific of modern writers on American English; it is very likely true that he is the most prolific writer on language in general.
By modeling the variances as separate characteristics, we isolated the variance due to student ability, which in classical test theory is equivalent to true score variance.
Women are so large a part of the labor force that it is hard to believe that this could be true of the total if it were not also true of women.
But a third camp, led by Microsoft's competitors, says all the company's practices are illegal--and if that perception prevails, true or not, investors may conclude that Microsoft can't thrive once it is stripped of those practices by the courts or by a settlement.
True, they often help hard-core smokers quit when other systems have failed.
Mantegna has a touching Madonna, but his true masterpiece here is the Dead Christ, achieving a gripping emotional effect with its foreshortened perspective.
That fact holds true wherever we go.
This was the true Ms. "state of mind," and there were many such events to boast about.
One celebrates the trend toward "true" fashion photography (pictures that show models warts and all).
The notion that Bradley is rising and Gore is falling can become true if everyone keeps declaring it so.
In other words, if the stories are true, then the Vietnamese got a fabulous bargain.
It is definitely true, as you say, that politicians turn the folks they refer to as Ordinary Americans into props.
Thus, influenza/ILI-related costs we report are likely to be an under estimate of the true costs of medical care, and this is only a fraction of the total societal cost, which would include at a minimum lost wages and productivity.
ARTICLE: Everyday Economics: Too True To Be Good
We're just saying it's true that it's a rumor.
USAT 's "USA Snapshot" provides an interesting window into the minds of the rich, revealing that in a survey, members of the nation's wealthiest households said they'd pay $640,000 to get into heaven, and $487,000 for true love, but only $55,000 to be president.
That is not entirely true, for linguists know too much about language to suggest that there ever was, literally, a single language from which all Indo-European languages descended.
This is true for both mouse liver and NIH 3T3 cells.
To assess the ability of a clustering procedure to recover true cluster labels it is necessary to define a measure of agreement between two partitions; the first partition being the a priori known clustering structure of the data, and the second partition resulting from the clustering procedure.
It is true, Banks says, that the coalition was so disturbed about the program that it contemplated suing him.
Frank Abate writes that “the recent comeback [of Latin studies] owes much to the recognition of Latin's pedagogical value, especially as a vocabulary builder, something both intuitively and statistically known to be true.
Therefore, we attempted to assess the accumulation of false positives empirically, by testing multiple hypotheses in our system on a sample not expected to include any true positives, i.e. the N. vs.
While it's true that recycling generally means finding a new use for something previously used, to slap a "new" label on a story written a year or more ago takes a certain bending of reality.
ERR gives the recognition performance at the point where the rate of true positives equals the rate of true negatives; the ROC integral judges the performance in a more global manner.
The same is true of heroine and thousands of other words.
As it happens, that's true, in the sense that the underlying drivers of any business are more important than the particular individual at the top (although you do have to have someone at the top who can recognize and take advantage of those drivers).
True, they tend to have the emotional autonomy of 8-year-olds, but they're less of a labor to "read" than ordinary mortals: It's their business--you might say their existential orientation--to communicate their thoughts and feelings in an engaging fashion every millisecond . I mention this because the first thing that struck me about the much-hyped satirical comedy EdTV , which purports to show the effect of TV cameras brought into the homes of real people, is that almost no one on-screen seems ever to have met a real (i.e.
Beyond KSM's rationalizations about targeting the U.S. economy, this vision gives a better glimpse of his true ambitions.
Of course, it's probably easier to turn in bravura performances when you know that everyone in the room listening to you believes that you are a true Zen master.
those with low expression intensities), but empirical observations show that it is clearly not true for all genes, especially for those with high intensity.
This statement if true, is false and if false, is true, and hence has befuddled philosophers from Aristotle to Wittgenstein.
Some of the most important legal consequences of marriage involve getting out of it (even though it is true that one spouse generally cannot be required to testify against the other in court as long as they're still married).
True experimental fold change values, f exp , range from 1.0 to 10.
The same would be true, one might think, of salt.
Game shows do have many of the same advantages as true reality-based programming--relatively low production cost, endless supply of material--and some others in addition, including the ability to keep Chuck Woolery off the dole.
Thus, the estimates of avoided incidences of premature mortality based on this C-R function may underestimate the true effect.
Therefore the axial rotation stability observed with the stand-alone cages after anterior insertion may not hold true for their posterior insertion.
The same is true of humph , a nasal snort of derision rather than something akin to what a camel has on its back.
Most of these patients were still under the influence of postoperative sedation during the first 24 hours in ICU, and the worst GCS would reflect the effect of sedation more than the true underlying mental status.
Another example is a “true riddle,” which is a comparison of something to the unknown answer, and that something is described in the question.
The file describes each tier by a label (for example 'Prediction'), a visible flag (either true or false), and a layout flag (if true then all data in this tier is arranged to avoid overlap, that is, the tier is expanded).
This may be true for some.
It is true, as Kurtz writes, that McCurry is an especially smooth and capable spokesman.
The same is true of most every Internet company I have written about--such as Jeff Bezos at Amazon and Jerry Yang and David Filo at Yahoo.
And it's probably true that psychological predisposition, as much as reason and intellect, leads dour characters like Paul Tsongas (and--until the other day--Bob Dole) to be preachers of sacrifice, while sunny characters like Jack Kemp become apologists for alchemy.
If one used the estimated difference in cancer mortality at the end of a 3-year follow-up period, this estimate would likely be biased relative to the true difference at 5 years.
To estimate the percentage of true variance accounted for by a single measurement, we assumed that the best available estimate of the true variance was the total variance for all occasions.
We have been told on reasonably high authority that true charity vaunteth not itself; it is not puffed up.
To determine if this was true we generated embryos from ES cells containing LacZ at the Hnf3 α locus ( Hnf3αLacZ ES cells) and stained for expression of β-galactosidase.
While it's true that newspaper audiences are shrinking, that decline has nothing to do with the imagined crisis that Rosen warns about in What Are Journalists For?
But equally strange was Doris Day, whose many movie outfits were conceived as musical-comedy costumes--bright, smooth, and jaunty, every blue and yellow clear and true, every neat hat perfectly matching, and every outline eternally crisp--even if she was supposed to be working in an office or teaching in a journalism school.
The differences in the relative percentage of homing markers may not necessarily reflect a true qualitative difference in the overall lymphocyte trafficking related to the mode of viral encounter and may depend on the time of analysis, since the kinetic of viral replication was delayed in the macaque exposed intrarectally.
"Is it true you said of James Barksdale and Marc Andreessen, in an inexplicably British locution, 'I don't ever want to hear that those c**ts earned one sodding shilling off their bloody browser'?"
Now Shepard is quite right that if true productivity growth is 2 percent, not the 1-percent measured rate, and if the labor force is growing at 1 percent, then the economy's true speed limit is 3 percent, not 2 percent.
4 Ga), and may have been global in extent [ 34 ] . It has been proposed that a major rise in oxygen at this time lowered global temperatures and may have triggered the glaciations [ 35 ] . If this is true, and given the time estimates here, the evolutionary innovation of oxygenic photosynthesis may have had a relatively rapid impact on the environment.
This is true because the vast majority of tax revenue that is collected in the United States is regressive: sales taxes, property taxes (which are passed on to renters, so paid by everyone), Social Security, etc.
It met all the tests of a true free-market transaction.
True, the emphasis of the moment seems to be less on specific services than on a kind of semi-adoption--"mentoring" troubled kids, acting as a role model, and so on--and this kind of service is hard to buy.
Clinton has faced an escalating series of serious accusations--serious in the sense that they were all plausible and some were true.
The entries on mayfly ¹, mayfly ², and mayfly ³, the first being any “up-winged insect,” the second the “true mayfly,” and the third, the “stonefly,” cover four full pages; more than six are devoted to sea trout ; more than ten to nymph fishing . Mirror and window goes into a fish's view of the world.
Sadly, it also documents the true story of the blockade-runner Fannie, which returned from one trip in June 1864 with two sick crew members.
But it's probably true that the Japanese who picked up the yen would immediately bank it, instead of buying a brand-new suit or power mower as any patriotic American would.
Rather than taking statements to be either true or false, fuzzy logic assumes that statements are true or false to some degree, so the Syllogism in Barbara, for example, would be reformulated as follows:
The same is true of the sense of nationhood.
Finally, the encoded proteins are associated with distinct NPC subcomplexes [ 2 ] , and we speculated that true mislocalization mutants would require disruption of both sets of subcomplexes and more likely reflect defects in global NPC structure and assembly.
Therefore,the error estimates obtained by the BPNN or GPNN are very closeto the true error rate.
He lost his way in the '90s with flagrantly commercial junk such as Sleeping With the Enemy (1991) and The Money Train (1995); and so did his True Believer screenwriter, the former Rolling Stone journalist Wesley Strick, who made his fortune and lost his good name with the abominable Cape Fear remake (1991), Wolf (1994), and The Saint (1997).
He misdirected us, and so we came By a long route, which took us through a caveFilled with the lapping of a distant wave.Our confidence already on the waneWe wandered, wondering, ever more in wantOf knowing where the true way really went.
Then, after frying Bush for having a view, idly wondering if he is an anti-Semite, and criticizing him for trying to avoid a theological quagmire in the midst of a political campaign, Kinsley attacks him and others for not sticking to their true views and also criticizes the general public (to which he was pandering only a few column inches previously) for caring about what other people believe about such issues.
In short, it's not true.
The converse is also true, though only in what seem to be very special circumstances.
The use of viral vectors should offer enhanced efficiencies and versatility for the expression of cloned genes in various cell types than approaches using expression plasmids that are printed on solid surfaces [ 15 16 ] . This might be particularly true to primary cells, which often show poor expression of encoded genes when plasmid-based expression vectors are used.
Check out all the adjectives used in supposedly "evenhanded" stories) that your true colors (mainly yellow) are apparent.
If true, this would not mean that there are five familiar features, three spatial and two others, that constitute the dimensions of shape space.
Thanks so much to David Plotz for pointing out the true characters and legacies of Strom Thurmond and Jesse Helms in "The Old Carolinians."
This is especially true for infective larvae.
The same is true of other sectors: generation of energy (where we've stepped back from nuclear power), and even, with the exception of computer-guided bombs and the like, weaponry.
In light of the similarities of certain genes generated by CoreGenes, one may ponder their relationships upon further and closer inspection, given that the high BLAST scores between two genes do not always imply an orthologous relationship [ 30 ] . In other words, the complexity of these BLAST scores suggests that the user should perform rigorous phylogenetic analysis of each set of homologous genes to determine true orthology.
TOMMY HILFIGER said, "Music is my strongest inspiration, and I feel that it encompasses the true style of fashion.
1 to 4 are true of all three programs.
Study outcomes should be multi-dimensional and assess a broad array of outcomes because the true stakeholders are society at large.
It would be more true to say that Gopnik's need to see Picasso as a rascal deforms his view of Picasso's art.
Today we are accustomed to thinking of elements and atoms as one and the same; to the Greeks, atoms and elements represented efforts by different philosophic schools to explain the discrepancy between appearances and the true nature of things.
"True to what?
It must be true: Takes one to know one ...
One True Thing is based on a decent, understated novel by Anna Quindlen, the story of Ellen Gulden, an ambitious young magazine writer who moves from Manhattan back to her small hometown to care for her cancer-ridden mother.
Several authors have observed that neither p-values nor confidence limits provide enough information to assess whether or not there is a true disease cluster caused by an environmental exposure.
Bites from false corals are more common than those of true corals [ 6 ] .
One possibility is etymonym (pronounced ehTYM-o-nym), using the coined combining form etymo- (from the Greek etymon meaning the true meaning of a word, which derives from etymos meaning true or real).
If assumption 1 is true, then assumption 2 can be relaxed as long as random effects on non-differentially expressed genes are equally positive and negative.
Subsidies, it is true, may indirectly abridge speech, but only if the funding scheme is "'manipulated' to have a 'coercive effect'" on those who do not hold the subsidized position.
-- and is it indeed true that, in the rather awkward phraseology of the translator, “the language is not altered with doing without thou and thee”?
The true positive rate (TPR), or the test sensitivity, is the probability the marker is positive given cancer.
If we are judging the effectiveness of alternative medicinal therapies, then we evaluate the evidence in light of the theory about disease that we believe to be true.
Writers could find true scope for their interpretive talents if they could gain true prestige from meeting the challenge.
A flag is true or false only in the very limited sense of asking the question, Is it true that the information on the screen is different from its counterpart on the disk?
He is an amazing man, it is true, but he gets tired like the best of them do.
2) She reshaped the magazine "in her own image--brainy, Anglophilic, profane and more than a little starstruck" (Richard Lacayo, Time ). 3) She succeeded in her true goal: making herself the center of attention.
Here, too, what's true for the revolving-door adult system is even more true for the no-fault juvenile system.
It will enable you to see the problem in its true dimensions.
It's true: AIDS is nature's awful retribution for our tolerance of immoderate and socially irresponsible sexual behavior.
Clinton on Kathleen Willey: "I think the evidence there is also compelling that her story isn't true.
An essay argues that True at First Light , labeled as an Ernest Hemingway novel, should not have been published.
The al Qaeda operatives lived openly in San Diego under their true names, listing Hazmi in the telephone directory.
But in another way, I think of Sidney Yates as one of the only true conservatives around.
"Untrue in that none of it's true, or that some of it's true?"
The same is true for Honey's assumptions about Buddha , which he implies is universally pronounced in AE with the vowel of boot ; about Moscow , the second syllable of which is not always rhymed in AE with cow ; about Nepal , which is pronounced identically to the British (RP) way by many AE speakers; and about Vietnam , the -nam of which, contrary to the author's information, is pronounced by many AE speakers to rhyme with dam , not palm . As for Pakistan , Americans tend to give both a sounds the same quality, whether they rhyme them with that in father or in man . On the other hand, the pronunciation of Afghanistan in Britain follows either the pattern of Pakistan , which has the a of man in the first syllable and that of father in the last, or, as in America, is heard with the a of man in both positions.
Pundits theorized Starr's true motive was to distance himself from right-wing Clinton conspiracy theorist Richard Mellon Scaife, a major donor to Pepperdine who is accused of funneling money to Clinton Whitewater accuser David Hale.
A true crash is unlikely, argues the piece.
On-screen, Stern says he's remained faithful to his wife--and by all accounts, that is true.
The province has only one true tourist draw, but it’s a super one: the magical little town of Baracoa.
Movies : Meryl Streep, star of One True Thing , nominated as best actress for an unprecedented 107 th consecutive time.
Tickets bring in just half of the profits: Concession stands are the true focus, since they have an 80 percent profit margin.
There is still intrinsic variability in terms of the true reflectance of drusen, but the variability in background reflectance is largely eliminated.
6. Boys Don't Cry . Starkly beautiful, Kimberly Peirce's debut film has at its core a tragicomic irony: That the cross-dressing Brandon Teena, a k a Teena Brandon (the rapturous Hillary Swank) feels most at home among the sort of roughnecks who would kill her if they knew her true gender.
KISSINGER: The Washington Post --it is no longer true.
1. For the clearest interpretation, statistics for binary markers should be based on true and false positive rates or predictive values based on the true prevalence - not odds ratios, relative risks, or predictive values based on the prevalence in the study 
In the long run, even in this stock market, companies' stock prices will find their true level.
5 million donation, part of which was to go to a tax-exempt organization (which, if true, is the Gingrich Heresy).
: Is it true?
In order to detect true false positive and negative rates a direct comparison needs to be made between the array data set and transcript levels measured in samples equivalent to those used for array hybridization.
As noted in yesterday's Chatterbox, if true Willey's story is the worst of Clinton's alleged sexual indiscretions--worse than Lewinsky, worse than Paula Jones.
However, for the purpose of future applications, it is useful to also know whether a method tends to underestimate or overestimate the true number of clusters.
The same is true for Microsoft Word.
And while it's certainly true that people in their late '20s and early '30s--at least in cities, where those people are less likely to have families--have a lot of disposable income, it can't compare, in absolute terms, to that still wielded by the baby boomers.
Movie-- True Crime ;
Studies that have used only investigator-reported events probably underestimate the true MI rate.
This observation is true for both class I and class II MHC-peptide complexes.
Liberal child advocates, the Children's Defense Fund prominent among them, regard the funding--$20 billion, available over six years--as almost surely insufficient to offer the poor a true choice of quality day care.
For example, he could be saying that Jones was not harassed because her description of Clinton's behavior, even if true, doesn't fit the technical definition of harassment.
Wells's The Time Machine (1895), considered by some the first work of true SF.
It's true, they concede, that official productivity statistics do not show any dramatic acceleration--in fact, measured productivity growth in the '90s has been about 1 percent per year, an unimpressive performance similar to that of the two previous decades.
True `suspended animation' can be induced to gain complete control of the situation early, rather than chance the increased hazards of partial control in unstable circumstances.
'" And, the paper says, for House Budget Committee chairman John Kasich, it was "a dream come true."
True, I used to be interested in E, but that was years ago, and we're now just good friends.
Chatterbox leans toward this latter interpretation, because he can't recall ever seeing any true southerner smirk, not even Molly Ivins; hers is a different kind of smile altogether.
It turns government suggestions into veiled threats and devalues true voluntarism.
10 Lying: Defenders of both men have argued that, even if true, the behavior they stand accused of is harmless.
But it's also true that in every case, these cynical charges have stuck.
The likelihood that a disease report constituted a true case of that disease was diminished because of the lack of laboratory confirmation and standardized case definitions.
But for the true believers, of course, the phenomenon was always more than a mere "puzzle," and they are not about to roll over.
Weisberg's conclusion that Americans are apathetic about infidelity may be true, but it is totally unsupported by his argument.
If this is true, the military may have since lost ground, because some of the annual raises since '82 have lagged the inflation rate.
(The fact of the attack is probably true, but, as the Times writer said, the details surrounding it have changed frequently.)
Rather, the uncertainty distribution is that best estimate, the best estimate of the probabilities of possible true values given our knowledge.
It's just too good to be true.
An editorial in the Pioneer of India said that "the polling, it is true, has not in all cases been as peaceful or free and fair as it should be in an ideal situation, but then nobody has ever suggested that Indian politics today even remotely approximated the ideal."
Or maybe only 30 are true, in which case three should be confirmed overwhelmingly.
But naive or not, that dismay certainly feels true to its time, as does Wilcha's decision to stop filming after the suicide of Kurt Cobain, lead singer of Nirvana.
Richard Martin, the curator of the Costume Institute's show and author of the catalog, has stripped the Versace ensembles of the celebrity aura of their original wearers--Claudia Schiffer, Princess Diana, etc.--so that the clothes can show their own true qualities.
For this to be true, it is not necessary that the carriers of purpose, say, the same bacterium heading upstream in the glucose gradient, be conscious.
However, our simulations showed that contamination located close to the true mode will mislead any estimator (mean or mode).
After the salty flavor of Olhão and the rural serenity of Moncarapacho, the aristocratic bearings of Tavira, one of the true gems of the Algarve, may come as something of a surprise.
And not really important, true?
The same was true for independent cohorts of mice of different ages that were analyzed at different times (Figure 10A).
Although Affymetrix Chips can each measure the expression of over 12,000 genes and ESTs, the true transcript level is confounded by a substantial amount of noise and variability induced by both the large number of observations and the wide range of gene expression values [ 7 ] . Microarrays are sensitive to noise from many sources including the manufacturing process and the experimental (RNA isolation, labeling, hybridization, staining, washing and scanning) processes.
His new book (published by, naturally, the Templeton Foundation--a true vanity press) is Worldwide Laws of Life . As ambitious as its title, it lists 200 "eternal" spiritual/ethical laws that purportedly apply to all people, in all times, in all places.
Alternatively, an adept supplier who uses information for planning, production, and distribution may well share in the competitive advantages derived from better information on the true state of final customer demand.
It's an exhilaratingly cynical view, because it suggests that to succeed, an idea need not be true or even useful, as long as it has what it takes to propagate itself.
At the start of the new millennium, Edinburgh is once again wielding true political power on behalf of its fellow countrymen: The “Scotland Act,” passed in November 1998, transferred control of domestic policy from London back to the Scots for the first time since 1707.
But it is also true that the demand for stars' services is also at an all-time high.
In this light the history of the universe according to Taoist thought can be either depressing or exhilarating, depending on one's point of view; at any rate it seems true enough as far as the Big Picture goes: First there was nothing.
This was not true for IL-4-negative or IFNγ-producing cells.
Well, it's true that these nations aren't signatories (though most suspected chemical-weapons possessors, including China and Iran, are).
Now I have to admit that to a great extent, it rings true."
But all were poor substitutes for true love and didn't vanquish his feelings of inadequacy and guilt.
This would seem especially true in the current set of experiments, since the modulation of Thymidylate Synthase expression is known to greatly affect thymidine levels and cell growth [ 32 ] . For example, E. coli that are starved for thymine quickly die, a phenomenon known as 'thymineless death' [ 33 ] . In this respect, Group I aptazymes that may have yielded lower amounts of functional Thymidylate Synthase (e.g.
After the Madness , however, has little such passion; in that, it is true to its title.
It is a true city bustling with activity, dust, and noise.
Since the same is true of every natural language, it follows that mathematics makes no sense whatsoever and thus that it can be ignored for all practical purposes.
Each row thereafter displays the results for a single gene, including columns with the estimate of expression level for each sample (the median of the posterior distribution); the additions and subtractions to make 95% upper and lower bounds on that estimate; the stationary acceptance rates for the Monte Carlo steps for that gene; and a column that reads 'TRUE' when those rates are acceptable.
In True Crime , director Clint Eastwood demonstrates at once how far the medium has come in terms of race and how far it has backslid artistically--to about 1910.
I know I sound like Nick Lemann, but it's about as accurate a measure of true intelligence as the SAT; idiots make the Ivy League, so why not the White House?
That is true even of the presidents we think of as being most concerned with race relations in America--like Harry Truman, Lyndon Johnson, and Bill Clinton.
Thus creating, in the true sense of the term, a circular argument.
It's true that different pieces benefit from different treatment; the Op.
A partially successful cloning attempt by Dr. Evil's henchman, Number 2 (Robert Wagner), has produced a true heir: a one-eighth Dr. Evil replica (Verne J. Troyer) dubbed "Mini-Me" who's like a distillation of the archvillain's most feral impulses.
This was true for Shab ( Dm 3L, Ag 2L), Shaw ( Dm 2L, Ag 3R), Shal ( Dm 3L, Ag 2L), KCNQ ( Dm 2R, Ag 2L) and Slowpoke ( Dm 3R, Ag 2R), as well as for Slack , eag , erg , elk , and the three inward rectifier genes, as shown in Table 2. The translocations between autosomes and chromosome X, observed for eag and Hyperkinetic , are notable: these examples raise questions about dosage compensation which will need to be addressed in future studies.
But it remains true that general relativity and quantum mechanics remain fitfully fit, fitfully un-united.
It's equally true that Republicans cynically oversimplified Gore's statement about the Internet.
He may not be less true than the little fabrications and self-inventions in which Reagan specialized; in fact, given Morris's greater levels of alertness and perspicuity, his self-inventions are probably more true.
I don't like the perception mainly because it isn't true.
There is a classic case (and true, we are told) of a misunderstanding between a missionary and his cook.
Supposedly, the European telecom market will deregulate in 1999, and in anticipation of being phaser-blasted by true competition, Belgacom just sold 45 percent of itself to a consortium led by Ameritech.
Hundreds of hotels have sprung up along the sandy beaches, and these have been followed by restaurants, bars, and shops, making today’s Sharm El-Sheikh not just a diving destination but a true tourist resort.
In a 1793 address, JQA vowed that while "the copious treasures" of fame and achievement "have already been gathered by the hands of genius," he and his generation would still stay true to "the precious memory of the sages."
The journey brings home the true power and wonder of nature.
In terms of the ability to buy almost anything except gold, the purchasing power of the rich has soared; but Wanniski insists that this is irrelevant, because gold, and only gold, is the true standard of value.
This is particularly true if the therapeutic modalities are available to a wide section of the population for little expense.

In this case, 10/10 colonies tested were true homing events.
It is true though that the Internet is well-suited to these nefarious tasks with its ability to reach out to more easy marks.
(Marty Peretz, meanwhile, is seeing his own joke come almost precisely true as co-owner of TheStreet.com, which is losing $16 million a year and is going public at a price that would value the whole company at $300 million.)
West of Nathan Phillips Square, beyond tree-lined lawns, is Osgoode Hall, a true jewel of Georgian architecture in white limestone and amber brick, and the seat, since 1832, of the Law Society of Upper Canada.
In this paper, we consider the possibility that the rarer allele gives a true relative risk of 10 for a given disease, and calculate the apparent relative risk at all other loci.
True sectarianism requires more esoteric disputes.
It is certainly true that "research over the past 20 years has changed the scientific view of life."
And, a fortiori, this is true of secular memory.
1, 4, 6, 9, and the first sentence of 10 minus the words "about Gwyneth Paltrow" are true Tinaisms.
Some of the shadow page's other specific claims also are true.
It is probably true that we will need skillful librarians, and maybe even more librarians, in etopia.
"I could not move on to the second sentence until the first sentence sounded true," she writes somewhat diffidently.
This statement is just plain true.
Since true hackability is fearless and fungible, the contestants will be tested in a variety of journalistic genres.
The same is true for multiple copies of the same domain in protein: Each of them is analyzed individually (such proteins often differ in their number of domain copies and could therefore not be aligned from end to end for the whole family).
It's probably true that all the stock's rise can't be attributed to the Fool's influence, especially since Celera did announce an important acquisition on Dec. 23.
Annan is a true internationalist: He speaks English, French, and several African languages fluently.
They say that if you rub it’s burnished snout, and throw a coin in the fountain, your wish for a return trip to Florence will come true.
These statements might be true or cover stories.
And this was arguably true even through the 1980s.
While it is certainly true that Prozac is overprescribed, and likely abused, it is also true that it is a powerful, necessary therapy for the treatment of severe depression.
To give an abbreviated answer, they are subjective probabilities that take into consideration all of the researcher's knowledge, except the point estimate for the parameter of interest they have calculated (in the above example that would be the annual disease incidence) and any prior beliefs about what the true value of that parameter is.
True, they are honest, hard-working taxpayers who didn't break the law--but the same thing could be said for the managers, employees, suppliers, and shareholders of the cigarette companies, and no one has given any thought to their bleak fortunes.
It is true that markets are efficient because securities research, and that index investors invest without doing research (or paying others to do research).
"As obstacles in the course of true love go, that's fairly major," says Rafferty.
Besides, say the internationalists, Milne's language is universally charming ("a Wedged Bear in Great Tightness"), and his moral lessons are universally applicable (if you visit a friend and gorge yourself on honey, you are likely to end up stuck in his doorway for a week while he uses your legs as a towel rack--how true!)
Chatterbox would like to pose a contrary hypothesis: in Flytrap, virtually all the stories that get criticized as the false products of a Sabatovian "feeding frenzy" will turn out to be essentially true.
"That clipping, Mister Kearny, that's the problem.People get very nervous around somebodywho's killed somebody--no matter why he killed them.Now maybe that's unfair, but if you thinkabout it I'm sure you'll understand it's true."
If the story is true, it does show Lewinsky's seduction technique to be as subtle and sophisticated as Clinton's.
The same seems to be true of Italians and probably others.
The extra time and expense involved in performing RCTs is justified only if their answers to intervention questions are more likely to be true.
Similarly, we define the false-negative rate ( FN ) as the number of false negatives among the nonsignificant genes divided by the total number of genes, the true-positive rate ( TP ) as the number of true positives divided by the total number of genes, and, the true-negative rate ( TN ) as the number of true negatives divided by the total number of genes.
It's almost certainly true that certain sectors of developed economies (textiles, steel) are hurt by free trade, but it's equally true that other sectors (computer software and hardware, financial services) are helped.
The file describes each tier by a label (for example 'Prediction'), a visible flag (either true or false), and a layout flag (if true then all data in this tier is arranged to avoid overlap, that is, the tier is expanded).
At least that is true in the big NYC firm where I practice."
Several biostatisticians have suggested that general models provide power to distinguish linkage signals independent of the true underlying disease mode of inheritance, provided both dominant and recessive models are used [ 38 39 40 ] . As expected, the highest two-point and multipoint LOD scores were obtained in the HLA region, with a two-point HLOD of 3.1 and a multipoint HLOD of 5.0.
It's funny because it's true.
More importantly, her assertion that the audience is unclear about Cagney's true state of mind at the end of Angels With Dirty Faces is just plain wrong.
Since the specific design and data processing of microarrays can cause some confusion about what constitutes true replicates, it is important to distinguish technical replicates from biological replicates.
But even if everything the USDA argued was strictly true, it didn't need to recall 25-million pounds (75 days' production).
In fact, it is not stretching things too much to say that first-class collocational control is the hallmark of the true L2 expert; collocational control is normally the last linguistic subsystem to be mastered by learners who proceed to an advanced level.
Unlike two-dimensional electron micrographs, true Euclidean distance was measured at a resolution of 4 nm (twice the pixel size, or thickness, according to Shannon sampling theory) in tomographic reconstructions from each gold bead to the nearest contact site.
The various claims on the packaging are not so much false as true of all the detergents: With the exception of the cheap store brands, they all remove odors, stains, and dirt well.
Others have been heavily restored or replaced, not with true mosaics, but with reproductions in colored stone of drawings by such artists as Bellini, Mantegna, and Tintoretto.
That's true.
That has not been true even for the past two centuries.
If we take a three-inch cannonball on a very hot day, compute its diameter on a very cold day (assuming a drop of 60° C.), and compare this to the contraction of brass for the same drop in temperature, while it is true that the cannonballs will have shrunken twice as much as the brass monkey , the difference for ten balls would be less than a sixteenth of an inch; the pile would not topple even if their diameters were twice as large.
True, they tend to oppose detailed regulations that tell people exactly how they must reduce pollution, preferring schemes that provide a financial incentive to pollute less but leave the details up to the private sector.
Bush : Not true.
A true need exists to compare this mercury substitute thermometer with the mercury device.
No, wait, sorry, that last thing refers to different ways chimpanzee males attract females, evidence of true cultural variation among the apes, not one of whom formally announced his candidacy yesterday.
This story has some familiar elements that could give it legs: phony paperwork to disguise weapons' true destinations and colorful characters crossing back and forth between private deal-making and government-sanctioned covert operations.
A cliché about Clinton, but a true one.
And it's certainly true that most double-parkers are just people trying to avoid paying for a parking garage, or deliverymen trying to avoid having to walk around the corner.
True, they goad men to action by accusing them of acting like sissies.
Saying that taxes would be lower if taxes were lower is true, but not edifying.
Critics pan this inspirational "based on a true story" dramedy about a doctor who cures with laughter.
If your point estimate for some value is 2.3456, but you think it is fairly likely that the true value is lower or higher by as much as 5%, only report 2.3.
But the experiences of other nations such as Switzerland suggest that this is not true.
This is true as well of the two leading proposed constitutional amendments that have gained a large political following in the last decade: the proposal to protect the flag against “desecration” and the movement to protect victims of crime.
And true evil in this movie--the so-called Phantom Menace --resides in a handsome white man (Sen.
This is a problem because if it's true, it means that the market can't be doing what it is meant to do: channel capital to those companies that will use it most productively and away from those companies that will not.
When a clustering algorithm is applied to a set of observations, a partition of the data is returned whether or not the data show a true clustering structure, that is, whether or not K = 1. This fact causes no problems if clustering is done to obtain a practical grouping of the given set of objects, as for organizational or visualization purposes (for example, hierarchical clustering for displaying large gene-expression data matrices as in Eisen et al.
We want you as a true partner because we know you share our deep conviction that philanthropy is essential to our democratic society.
While it is true that a large part of the debate over same-sex marriage has focused on the moral and religious issues, marriage is also a legal condition with practical consequences.
It's true that returning veterans didn't get divorced in large numbers.
This was supposed to have been particularly true in New York, where white liberals like Lindsay were easily guilt-tripped.
Here's a cute-but-frightening true fact I just discovered: My 9-year-old daughter knows the name of Rupert Murdoch's new wife.
Assuming this stuff is true, can you fathom the chutzpah of a guy who led the charge against Bill Clinton's affair with Monica Lewinsky--at one point saying the relationship showed that the president is a misogynist--while he was carrying on in a very similar fashion himself?
