This logic does not soothe her; she says I must wait three weeks.
So, please don’t wait another minute.
Sure, I miss having a place to settle down, but it’s better than waiting to get dammed.”
In a veterinarian's waiting room: "Be back in 5 minutes.
Wait.
But they have chosen not to attack, perhaps because they are waiting to produce an effect even greater than the 9/11 attacks, so they do not appear to be losing strength.
I am waiting to hear back from Patti on May and June to make sure they are okay with her.
waiting for a train to krk.
Rather than sit back and wait for their jobs to be snatched away, the workers and local union members in the mills fought long and hard to be able to keep the factories open.
Your man is waiting.
Malaquez was not prepared for me to react so quickly, or perhaps he waited too long for an expression I would not have, a gesture I would not make, a poignant moment of repentence, wonder, despair, or love.
He continued long into the night, until the eldritch orb had sunk into the waiting hands of the willow, raised perpetually skyward.
I realized that Rachel had disappeared without leaving a clue and I had no way to do anything but wait for her to show up – which, if she were in a situation where I should be doing something, would probably be never.
I waited in the dark, carpeted hall.
They were quickly admitted to the house, while Noir and I had the pleasure of waiting outside in the brisk November air for another twenty minutes.
Over 170 young people are still waiting for a mentor.
Can't wait!
“Wait, wait,” said the lady.
Over 150 girls are currently waiting for a Big Sister.
homeless animals that would otherwise die if Little Shelter didn’t provide the care, treatment and love these animals need.
While I wait for it to heat, I walk back to my room.
I am waiting for your call once you pick up USD5000.00, Thanks
I know that, and I’ve always known that ever since I found him waiting for me Christmas Eve night.
Lets wait and try to offset the amount we owe them with what they owe us - so I say wait until you get July and August done.
Lets wait and try to offset the amount we owe them with what they owe us - so I say wait until you get July and August done.
If Clinton, as is now increasingly clear, was a time bomb waiting to explode, then Stephanopoulos helped smuggle him into the White House and muffled the ticking.
Standing aaround waiting for the killers' openers---already getting second hand smoked.
Forty new students are expected for fall classes and there is a waiting list of at least that many, Starke said.
I am writing this from my laptop computer in my hospital bed where I wait for my time to come.
People became excited and waited for the mills to reappear, but they never did.
Geez, why did I wait?
When we got there, another pale servant was waiting for us with a box of dark stained wood.
Personally, I'm waiting for someone to make Pirate Zombies v.
After eating, do amphibians need to wait an hour before getting OUT of the water?
The Wet Rabbit A woman walks into a vet's waiting room.
They don't even have the decency to wait until the man is buried," the Governor muttered.
He’s waiting for a thank you or some kind of acknowledgment of his help.
Over 235 girls are currently waiting for a Big Sister.
According to the same WSJ interview, "Typically, you're looking at a week to 10 days waiting period."
I did take a look-see already - can't wait for "mid-2009"!
waiting for someone to sponsor me for the London To Brighton Bike Ride !
They went and got a bigger rock, threw it in and waited.
All of our Six summer camping sessions are booked to capacity (and, truth be told, with maybe one our two extra returning campers squeezed in) and we have a waiting list of 60 children who are hoping to come if a spot should open.
There was a wooden chair, where she sat me down and asked me to wait.
waiting at the metro to get my phone which I left in my Mom's cousin's car.
I will be waiting for your mail as soon as possible .

I can't wait to get Alzheimer's so I can watch Buffy again like it was the first time.
wasting time waiting for Victor Kelly complaint of racial discrimination at the British Red Cross.
My sister calls, "Your man is waiting for you.
NORRINGTON: Don't wait for me.
If all you're looking at is 1 or 2 content categories maybe it looks like they're dead, but they may be flourishing elsewhere, and like a virus they're just waiting for a new host to carry them to the mainstream.
Wait, why should I get off?
And I think this is what they are waiting for.

While waiting for it to hit bottom, a goat suddenly darted between them and leapt into the hole!
She smiled, then crossed the room to join me by the window, not waiting for an answer.
“Wait, wait,” said the lady.


Watching: "Hollywood Movie Trailers And Teasers: State Of Play (2009)" (http://twitthis.com/nvnnfc) I was waiting to hear back but I can do the show tomorrow and the May UG 933 lol you were right, Armageddon (aerosmith) was the first song Caught My Eye: "Kindle 2 Causing Eye Strain?
British social customs are still evident in the kind of polite service you get in hotels and in the long lines of people waiting for buses at rush hour.
installing lots of apps on my Facebook profile Resting my heels by crouching amid standers, as we wait in the foggy Greek Theatre for The Arcade Fire.

They're waiting on an email reply from the Washington re-enacter at Arlington to hand down some decisions.
What are you waiting for?
Edwin is waiting at the bottom with a huge smile on his face.
Buy a $100 house in Detroit, and you get a lifetime supply of sleepless nights: you'll spend the next several years waiting for burglars and arsonists, murderers and crackheads to break in the windows.
The question, previously posed to me, was presented to the rest of our group (excluding Ray; Adrienne had been tactful enough to wait until he had gone for a refill, recalling the last time the subject was broached).
Don't they know the other people in the lifts have better things to do than wait for them?
20% warranted reduction is waiting for you!!!
I waited, and drank a glass of MorningAfter and three cups of coffee, and wondered whether our affair could survive the events of the night, and whether I wanted it to.
The President wanted the United States to strike the Taliban, step back, wait to see if they got the message, and hit them hard if they did not.
Not able to do anything else but wait, the Lone Ranger returned to the bar to finish his drink.
SAMUEL PERKINS (moving from the door to his desk) Sorry to have kept you waiting for so long.
WILL TURNER: Well, we can't just sit here and wait then, can we?
waiting to get my hair cut by my trusty dresser luigi why has nobody proven that dolphins evolved from wolves?
We should not delay the public health and environmental benefits from reduction of these emissions while we wait for consensus to develop on CO2.
Curious about its depth they threw in a pebble and waited for the sound of it striking the bottom, but they heard nothing.
Will be waiting
Don't wait to learn just what I'm talking about.
This is more like a compulsion, a beast that lies waiting in the dark for the perfect moment, then leaps and takes ahold of me, screaming out through my quill."
These collectives are not waiting for change to happen: they're creating it through small, positive, peaceful actions.
Making dinner, watching football and waited to see if anyone makes scrabulous moves Reading up on lightroom.
JEFFERY CLARK (CONT'D) (recognizing MALCOLM) Wait, are you Ian Malcolm?
I will give our lawyer your contact when I hear from you with your contact info, so we can discuss further arrangement on this transaction.I wait for your favorable reply.
I waited until Jueli came to leave.
The wholesalers would have argued that the racist "separate but equal" philosophy had no business being litigated and that we should wait for the legislatures that enacted the racist laws to overturn them with new laws.
ALAN GRANT Wait a minute.
"I had a hunch you'd be at Arthur's today," said Nathan, "so I thought I'd wait here for you."
Wait a minute!
We hear at length about Bush's childhood reaction to his little sister's death from leukemia, his pole vault over the waiting list for the Texas Air National Guard in 1970, and his conversion from Wild Turkey to Cold Turkey in 1986.
I can't wait to read Martin Amis on Hannibal , Tom Stoppard on his newfound Jewish heritage, and Mimi Swartz on the legal revenge being exacted by wronged first wives.
If he thought that was heavy, wait until he campaigns next year carrying a 230-pound president on his back."
And I bet kids are turning to other great books while they wait for the next installment.
And I'm still waiting to find out what's so brave about poor Neville Longbottom, who keeps losing his pet toad, getting scolded by his grandmother, and cowering in corridors.
My own hunch is that both middle-class blacks and middle-class Latinos are pure Republican timber, waiting to be claimed, if only the GOP can get into gear and mount a campaign less insulting that what the Democrats dish up.
But wait a minute, Chatterbox thought.
Wait a minute.
One important grain of salt that the LAT waits until the 32nd paragraph to sprinkle: HMOs still can (and the implication is, will) prevent patients from suing under the bill by requiring their agreement to binding arbitration as a condition of treatment.
In the third paragraph it quotes Gore saying he's uncertain of the outcome and waits until the eighth to quote a union official who thinks Gore has "a good chance."
So let's wait a little while before deciding that Intel is really on the road to destruction.
Oh, wait, that was a couple of weeks ago.
The Journal waits until the 31st paragraph to mention that Pfizer's chairman sits on the board of the paper's parent company, Dow Jones.
While we're waiting for it to drop back to human levels, let's talk for a minute about our friend, the brand new planet.
Sheesh, couldn't he have waited five seconds before attacking the guy?
I'm still waiting and hoping that he'll finally be barking mad.
Everyone was waiting to see how McCain would handle a question about ethanol, the corn-based fuel that exists only because of a multibillion-dollar federal subsidy.
Eventually a small, dim light bulb illuminated above my head, and I simply went to the Slate Web site--where, of course, your posting was waiting.
He performed a sort of political jujitsu I have never really seen from him before, waiting for Gore to charge at him, and then turning the assault back on his attacker.
(Today's Papers can barely wait for the Brill's Content analysis of these analyses of that analysis.)
The NYT waits until the fourth paragraph from the end to reveal the presumed catalyst for the Israeli religious block's threat to quit Prime Minister Ehud Barak's government.
"Wait, just wait.
But wait!
The smarter wise guys know that they are the track-suit-wearing equivalents of one of those prehistoric tribes living in the Orinoco River Basin, just waiting for extinction.
The NYT waits until the beginning of its jump to reveal the reason Gore holds an advantage over Bradley among black voters: he's riding Clinton's coattails.
Instead, what we tend to get are safe, silly bromides--"I believe America's best days are ahead of us," the candidates say, waiting for their opponents to jump up and scream, "Liar!"
Here's the scene at Bradley's only event last night, a talk to an Arab-American organization at an Islamic cultural center in Cedar Rapids: Perhaps 50 members of the group, most of the women in headscarves, sit listening to stand-ins for the other candidates as they wait for Bradley to arrive.
McCain doesn't wait for them to interrupt him.
The district attorney's office, which says it is moving cautiously and waiting to amass more evidence, has established a task force that includes two veterans of the O.J.
Ancestral mothers couldn't waste scarce resources on babies born at the wrong time, so they killed the kid and waited for a less inconvenient one.
If you claim you are adding to your private gun collection, you can buy whatever weapons you want from shows without a waiting period or paperwork.
Theater -- Wait Until Dark .
Media reports suggested that 1) he's as spry as ever and 2) Republicans can hardly wait to replace him with a living chairman.
3) Clinton will wait out Lewinsky's testimony and shape his story to avoid contradicting hers.
A bottle of Finish waits in the wings as chyron and narrator describe its "virtues."
"A common European foreign and security policy will have to wait.
The range of Di-related front-page stories indicates a level of interest that just won't wait for real news.
USAT waits more than twenty paragraphs before raising an eyebrow, with this contrarian quote from an expert on multiple births: "People were not meant to have litters."
But the piece waits until the tenth paragraph to note that this was reported yesterday in the Washington Times . (This story is also inside today's Post .)
New Yorkers won't wait for much, but they apparently will wait for Geraldine Ferraro.
And so we consigned many of the needy to care that would be flattered to be called second-class: to the "Medicaid Mills" or to poorly trained solo practitioners or to wait in long lines at hospital emergency rooms till the harried staff can find time to treat their kids' runny noses.
In American foreign-policy circles, everyone is waiting for the next X. "X" was the byline on the famous 1947 essay in Foreign Affairs , actually written by George Kennan, that analyzed Soviet communism and laid out the post-World War II policy of "containment."
The same thing happens the next night, except that the parent must wait five minutes longer before the designated patting.
But wait!
But wait.
If you don't mind reading on a screen but hate waiting for pages to download--and hate running up those online charges from your Internet provider--you will soon be able to download the whole magazine at once and read it offline.
"Beta" is a software industry term for a product that is perhaps just a teensy bit short of absolute perfection, but is being released anyway because we just can't wait anymore--or rather, because we want to let the software-using community share in the excitement of finding any last-minute bugs.
The candidate, Warfield told reporters waiting to board the campaign plane, had just come from an appearance on G. Gordon Liddy's radio show.
b) Said for seven months that we'd have to "wait and see."
Easier access to birth-control information and devices and to abortion could reduce the number of unwanted children and improve the timing of those whose mothers would have preferred to wait.
Millions of people, especially New Yorkers, are poised, ready, waiting, eager to move back into the city, if only ...
A Lincoln Town Car is waiting outside your door in the morning to take you to work.
Good things come to those who wait.
The conventional way to read your favorite Internet content is to dial up to the Internet, find your favorite site(s), wait for them to download, navigate to items of interest, wait for them to download, and so forth.
But the true promise of hypermedia was linking information across a global network, and that had to wait until 1992 and Tim Berners-Lee's invention of the World Wide Web.
It turned out that she was waiting for the bus that I was waiting for, the No.
The eight extra minutes that I spend waiting for the conventional oven to finish are too few for me to use outside the kitchen.
If it did, Sun could have simply launched Java and waited for the inevitable to occur.
In other words, if you were a mutual fund manager, you couldn't very well sell Intel and then say, "Now I believe I will wait until I can find a company that seems fairly valued."
Among the sickest patients waiting were some 12 who needed new heart valves.
The transplant waiting list currently includes 55,560 patients, and about four thousand of them will die waiting.
Billy Graham would be waiting for me in heaven.
The WP 's Howard Kurtz writes that the WSJ didn't wait for the morning paper because it was hearing footsteps from at least one other news organization.
The Wall Street Journal waited until the day after Desert Storm opened fire to run its profile of Norman Schwarzkopf.
The reader has to wait until the tenth paragraph to learn that former Rep.
Thus far, despite a four-hour meeting with President Clinton and an admission by USDA secretary Dan Glickman that his department had swept the problem under the rug, as well as numerous specific findings of illegal denials of loans, the farmers are still waiting to be made whole.
Even New York City, where he waited out World War II, takes on cozy contours for Léger, who was quickly hired by Nelson Rockefeller to decorate his New York apartment (the fireplace surround is in the MoMA show).
Mario, a workaholic whose low-level job is stacking and loading boxes, loves his kids but can't wait for his shift with them to end: "It's very stressful mentally, and I get sick of hearing myself scream."
"When he was late and his mother stood waiting in the doorway, she always seemed to swell, filling the doorframe, to obstruct and delay him, so that she could bulk against his approaching face and scold him.
She waits; he travels.
You wait with bated breath to see which hot social issue Cornwell will take up and handle oddly.
Striking green, yellow, and purple may appear, and sober brown and navy, too, giving the impression for a few minutes that modish black is over; but it never is--it's just waiting.
The alternative is sitting in the dark, waiting for a show that's really over to begin.
It's as if Luke Skywalker had to wait around for his billet to be stamped before he could fly off to destroy the Death Star.
"I look at you, sheriff," he says, "and I see a man who's waiting for something to do."
These sequences carry a post-Vietnam aura of futility, and the scenes between the skirmishes are similarly modern, full of rambling talk and post- Godot waiting around.
As the political eyes of the world turn to watch whether the heavily favored, Bill Clinton-like Tony Blair and his Labor Party trounce the long-ruling Conservatives and their stiff Prime Minister John Major, some snazzy Web sites are waiting to show them what's really going on.
What are we waiting for, assembled in the forum?
I was allowed to waveAway the tray of nougat--or rather, the flies on it.Sipping, I waited for a word, a sign from the saint.I'd wanted to lie, as if underground, and watch Him dig up the sky, or stand at a riverbankAnd have the water sweep off my presumptions,Have him blow light into my changeling bones.I wanted to feel the stalk rise and the blade fall.I wanted my life's arithmetic glazed and fired.I wanted the hush, the wingstroke, the shudder.
Do not wait for the ballgame on television to come to you.
Montgomerie wandered around the green, waiting for total silence.
I suppose I could wait her out, but I want to start gossiping as soon as possible.
) and his "Hey, Wait a Minute" column ("Paula Jones vs.
His oft-stated goal of waiting until he retires to worry about giving away his money is nice, but extremely shortsighted.
Did I mention I never have to wait in line at Amazon?
They don't get fat, but they have a nice, easy life waiting for their dinner to fall to them.
Prouder, in fact, now than when we published it, because nearly two weeks later everyone who could take a shot at it has, and so far I can see that I've misspelled one name, screwed up one sequence (the Journal decided not to wait for comment from the White House on its incorrect steward-witness story after hearing the White House wanted a half-hour to comment, not before), and included two or three gratuitous adjectives that I now wouldn't.
Or: What is it liketo sit in a beautiful room waiting it out?There are ten of us here, bent, moving, showingsigns of life, and the sky outside is near gray.Thursdays, they cut the grass.
and once in a whorehouse while waiting for a friend of mine to finishI examined the madam on the kitchen table; and I spent Sunday at either the Serbian Club
A proposal introduced by the British government would impose a 15 day waiting period.
Hey, wait a minute--let's put on a show!

Wait, sorry: Someone's filled with something, but it's not me and it's not joy.
(Sragow unfashionably named it the best film of the year in SF Weekly .) You could wait for video, but if you can find Pig in the City playing anywhere on a big screen--an hour away, in a strip mall, only at 2 p.m., in the middle of a blizzard--see it, because you'd have to go back to the silents to find its like visually, and no silent picture could have had this kind of soundtrack.
Now wait, now wait.
When the question was posted, Missouri's governor had just said he'd wait to kill Darrell Mease until the pope left the room, postponing the execution, originally set for Jan.
But then he said, "Wait.
The WP reports the President "maintained a casual, unaffected appearance" before reporters, despite waiting for the FBI's report on the existence of "DNA material" in Ms.
One story says hotel and wait staffs are now uniformed in designer clothes.
When a washer or dryer finishes and the owner doesn't show up within a few minutes to collect the clothes, what am I supposed to do if I am waiting for the machine?
One judge waited more than three years for confirmation.
For those who can't wait until the fall release date of our book Dow 36,000 and want to start thinking through these issues, check out the Spring 1995 issue of the journal Contemporary Accounting Research , which provides a number of valuable review articles of the some of the relevant academic work.
And while it's true that you can't pack as much psychological detail into a movie as you can into a novel, director Philip Saville and screenwriter Adrian Hodges bring out the yeasty subtext of even the most brittle encounters: The suspense is in waiting to hear how characters will phrase what you've already read in their faces.
He finds his long, last home, And waits in snug concealment laid,
He again told me I was wrong: Surveys show that the waiting period for help has been cut by 98 percent, or some such number.
Gerth waited until June, two months after his leadoff article, to mention that Clinton's predecessor, Bush, had approved all the waiver applications that reached his desk and that Clinton himself "routinely followed the practice ...
"I want to make a plea to everybody who is waiting for the next deer season in my home state," said President Clinton, just before telling newly mobilized Air National Guardsmen that bombing Serbs would be a lot like shooting ruminants, only safer.
Please wait to see a response from the system with your confirmation."
Since higher interest rates take months to restrain economic expansion, postponing a hike is like waiting "to brake a runaway car until it is a few feet from the cliff's edge."
Spin 2) Wait, he's still prosecuting Webster Hubbell.
"Explaining why 23-year-old Stephania Lo Gatto paid $6,000 over new sticker for a used Mercedes CLK320 convertible, instead of getting on a one-year waiting list: 'If I waited that long, I would be sick of it.
However, the comment I object to is the one where you say there is never a handicapped person waiting to use it when you are done.
he must wait, until the autumn, before the prize is securely his.
(I kept waiting for the police to show up later at his door and announce that his fingerprints were on the bodies, but that touch must have been metaphorical.)
You need to register (it's free), which you can do here and then subscribe to the Slate options you want (yes, yes, that's free too), which you can do right here . Then you'll no longer need to waste those valuable seconds spent waiting for the elevator.
"Wait, has The Nation 's annual cruise left already?"
(And it's worth noting that we had already waited for about an hour for our luggage with two little kids and impatient in-laws nipping at our heels.)
"We get to talking about the do-nothing Congress as a bad thing, but look at the alternatives," says Republican Carol Cox Wait, president of the Committee for a Responsible Budget.
The early response is surprisingly kind: Conventional wisdom has held that everyone was waiting to knock Brown off her cloud, but there are notably few scathing condemnations or laudatory pieces about the magazine in the news today.
My patient publisher was weary of waiting; my friends were beginning to taunt me with the prospect that I'd never finish; I was ready, as the self-help literature counsels, to "move on."
The people at Slate remind me that Randy never made anyone wait a whole day for the answers to the "extras."
It's a testament to the lovely Charlize Theron that she can hold our attention even when we're 10 steps ahead of her character and only waiting around to see the big slimy outer-space monster--which never comes.
Some surmise that he's cleverly waiting to unveil his platform.
S. Ahmed of the Indonesian army as saying on the eve of his 1,000 soldiers' departure, "You just wait ...
oh, wait, that's not what you meant by 'staff,' is it?
Saatchi, by contrast, has kept a whole generation of artists from having to wait tables.
They have names and are men exactly like you lined up in jackets, boots and caps-- cold with the waiting.
This may be what they've been waiting for so that they can talk about the past and apologize.

Final net: -$118, though I'm still waiting on the Showgirls check, and as for the Slotland check, no, yesterday's e-mail confirmation of my withdrawal did not convince me that it's actually on the way.
Oh, wait, that's my entry for this week's other contest.
Still, citizens often have to wait weeks for research that a congressional staffer can download in seconds.
Wait till next episode to learn if Super 8 keeps its promises.
Instead of waiting for judgment day, watch-salesman Eyman is hastening it with "Son of 695."
For the next 30 minutes, we sat in the cold, dark Paris courtyard and waited, mainly because we couldn't think what else to do.
The McCain-Bradley spin: Just wait until New Hampshire.
The NYT waits until after the jump, and although the WP 's story mentions Netanyahu's domestic political concerns, it never mentions Clinton's.
Democrats may even go on the offensive-Democratic campaigns are waiting anxiously on poll results for a Washington State candidate whose commercial attacks his opponent's participation in the impeachment proceedings.
The story's body quotes a B-1 officer saying that "vindication might not be the right word," and waits until the ninth paragraph to reveal that "the Pentagon had not yet been able to assess the damage done by the bombers' strikes."
Significantly, the U.S. attack was preemptive, part of a tougher effort to suppress Iraqi anti-air activities without waiting for full-blown attacks against U.S. planes.
A Wall Street Journal front feature reports on a little-noticed consequence of more and more couples, many of them twin-earners, waiting later and later in life to have children: elementary schools now have to gear up to teach students about parental death.
For instance, why wait until the 18th paragraph to reveal that the information in the study was previously collected by the state of California, which never released it?
While we wait and wait for him to tell us what he wants, the movie employs stalling devices such as the search in a darkened house for the elusive bogeyman.
And is now the time to say I can hardly wait for your impending new novel about the Alamo?
“Wait, wait,” said the lady.
Wait, surmise, plait, promise, pal.
This is a town that has both a large naval base and a private co-educational college, and I waited on great numbers of people in their early to mid twenties.
The classic “Little Red Riding Hood,” for instance, was told to me as a child in the Nice version: after the wolf swallowed the grandmother, he got into bed and waited for Little Red Riding Hood to come.
Like any other addict, I can't wait for my next fix.
My uncle recalled a time when in a Mexican restaurant he and his family had waited an overly long time for their order.
Everyone else has already boarded and is waiting impatiently.
Romantic yearnings for an imaginary past were, to him, anathema, and conservatives of many kinds were early subject to his critical strictures: The rights of man [the conservative] has gradually grown used, after long years of disquietude, to hear talked of, without apprehension of catalepsy; but you must wait for his son, or for his son's son, if you would get a candid hearing for the rights of woman.
A controller, knowing that B1 had called but not sure what the request had been, replied B1, Ground, Go Ahead and then proceeded to talk to aircraft while waiting for a reply.
When we say that luxurious little stores serve the carriage trade , we commemorate the coachmen who waited in the cold while the very rich shopped, for only the very rich could afford to come in carriages of their own.
Please be patient with Wellerisms and their collectors [XXI,3], as I was patient with my grandpa when he said that years ago his teacher told him to sit in the front of the class for the present; he waited and waited and she never gave it to him.
Northerners were also amused at a Southern matriarch's saying to a tardy arrival at the dinner table, We've waited for you the way one pig waits for another.
There was the same hieratic passivity, as if she were waiting for his response to complete the sequence.
Over 235 girls are currently waiting for a Big Sister.
There are very few places for our students to sit while waiting for classes to start, doing last-minute review of notes before exams, or just taking a break for casual conversation with classmates.
This incentive system means that each operator needs to have work-in-process waiting; if there is a machine breakdown or no work waiting, then the operator will be paid at some average earnings rate during the waiting period.
Simply waiting and negotiating, we might have seen the market itself render the keeping of slaves too costly an enterprise.
Sometimes a waiting room needs to be a triumphal celebration of arrival and departure—sometimes it is just a waiting room.
The most extended debate on counterterrorism in the Bush administration before 9/11 had to do with missions for the unmanned Predator- whether to use it just to locate Bin Ladin or to wait until it was armed with a missile, so that it could find him and also attack him.
He also urged agents not to wait for terrorist acts to occur before taking action.
On this flight, Khallad waited until most of the first-class passengers were dozing, then got up and removed the kit from his carry-on.
Black wanted to wait until the armed version was ready.
These Saudis then decided to travel to Afghanistan, where they could train and wait to make another attempt to enter Chechnya during the summer of 2000.
Following protocol, he initially gave announcements to those floors that had generated computerized alarms, advising those tenants to descend to points of safety-at least two floors below the smoke or fire-and to wait there for further instructions.
Consistent with protocol, at 8:49 the deputy fire safety director in the South Tower told his counterpart in the North Tower that he would wait to hear from "the boss from the Fire Department or somebody" before ordering an evacuation.
In addition, the 911 system struggled with the volume of calls and rigid standard operating procedures according to which calls conveying crucial information had to wait to be transferred to either EMS or FDNY dispatch.
Depending on the hardware, some local servers may time out during this period while waiting for this request to be processed, which will result in an error message stating that "The attempt to load 'servlet' failed."
As an analogy, imagine waiting at a bus stop C for a bus traveling north to destination D. Suppose you walk south and board the same bus at stop B prior to its arrival at C. Although the bus ride from B to D is longer than from C to D (by the lead time from B to C), the arrival time at D is unchanged.
The mothers were interviewed as they entered the hospital or in some cases while waiting for a visit with a doctor.
In fact, if pain is severe and uncontrolled after 1 or 2 doses (eg, crescendo pain), do not wait for 24 hours to pass before increasing the routine dose.
Consequently, in the early 1990s, nearly 2000 patients died in the US each year while on organ transplantation waiting lists [ 5]; currently, this number may be as high as 3500 [ 1].
These interpretations would also invite exploitation by allowing litigants to simply wait until an alien temporarily departed the United States before cutting off workers compensation benefits, or initiating eviction, repossession, or divorce or custody proceedings.
The fact that we are now seeing second and third generation low-income people walk through our doors and sit in our waiting rooms is a brutal reminder that the realization of justice for many Americans remains more an aspiration than a fact.
If they had had to wait until patients were sober, many would be discharged because in his ED, patients are discharged when staff estimate their BAC is below 0.08 g/dl.
While we wait for further clarification from the scientific community, we have chosen not to remove these results from the Clear Skies benefits estimates, nor have we elected to apply any interim adjustment factor based on the preliminary reanalyses.
Previously, he said, commenters typically waited until the last minute to file comments so that no one could see their views until after the comment period was over.
For example, VBA streamlined its claims process by allowing one employee to handle all aspects of a claim, instead of requiring employees to write referrals and wait for responses from other divisions.
IRS officials indicated that they are still gaining experience using the new compensation plan and will wait to establish trend data before they evaluate the link between performance and bonus decisions.
At the Family Law Information Center, where open boxes of tissues are displayed as prominently as forms for initiating divorce, custody and child- support proceedings, office assistant Beatrice Contreras said there is often a line of people waiting to use the two machines.
As it waits to learn the fate of its contaminated office building across from the World Trade Center, the Legal Aid Society has turned its attention to a new home for its Harlem neighborhood division.
Now, while we are figuring out what should be done in the way of legislative change, we---the postal community, the Postal Service and the Postal Rate Commission---should not just sit back and wait.
In a case that pitted the fragile honor of the Army against the very survival of French republican democracy, the captain had to wait 12 years for full rehabilitation.
British social customs are still evident in the kind of polite service you get in hotels and in the long lines of people waiting for buses at rush hour.
Until recently, there was little for ordinary mortals who lacked a yacht, but now there are sailing fleets waiting to be hired either bare (for qualified sailors) or with a crew to do the work for you.
Connoisseurs wait for the set pieces: the colorful parade of the courtesan, a poignant seppuku suicide, the exciting fight scenes, and — summit of the art of kabuki — the end of a love affair that the heroine must break off, perhaps to save her lover’s honor, but never because she no longer loves him.
Fitting for a place once cut off from the secular world, villagers had to wait until 1986 before the first television pictures arrived.
You will also find canal tour boats moored here, and thousands of bicycles waiting for their riders.
The Bimini Islands have been the capital of sport fishing for decades; here you’ll find hundreds of huge boats lining the marinas waiting to be taken out into the teeming waters.
If you are invited, be prepared to wait for a long time.
It’s where you’ll want to spend a good portion of your time if you’ve been waiting for Gaudí.
The sheltered waters of Mission Bay are an ideal nursery for learning the basics of boat handling, while for the more experienced and adventurous sailors the wide Pacific waits outside.
But life along the river is also fascinating: washerwomen squatting on the shore, water buffalo ambling down for a dip, the improvised ferryboats, and the captive cormorant birds, their necks ringed to prevent them from swallowing all their catch, waiting for orders to go fishing from bamboo rafts.
A narrow cobbled trail of 587 steps leads from the town to the small port below, now the domain of a fleet of donkeys that wait to carry cruise ship passengers into town.

Then, buy a Museum Pass (see page 74) to save money and avoid waiting at ticket counters.
And beyond the limits of the capital are mountains, rivers and lakes, forests, and plantations waiting to be explored.
We have been waiting for you to contact us for your Confirmed Package that is registered with us for shipping to your residential location.
Glancing back at that gleaming glare, I decided that it might be safer to follow the driver than to wait with the car.

Oh wait, that's just hunger.
I’ll be waiting for your reply.
Be sure to wait in the longest line.
Madame Entera took me back up to the stone’s room, where Nepthys was waiting by the door.
If Clinton, as is now increasingly clear, was a time bomb waiting to explode, then Stephanopoulos helped smuggle him into the White House and muffled the ticking.
Chatterbox is still waiting.) ...
A WP front-pager narrates how George W. Bush has already seduced powerful trade group lobbyists, who usually wait to lavish their money and support until a party's nominee is chosen.
Your theory that the Internet is the crack of the '90s is a keeper, if not a PhD dissertation waiting to happen.
It waits until the seventh paragraph to credit the Post , which broke this story yesterday.
You also feel, in spite of being one of several million crazed fans, that they were written for you alone, a wizard stranded in an uncomprehending Muggle world, waiting for someone to recognize that what everyone else calls your abnormalities are really powers.
You know, everyone thinks there's a Jeffersonian Democrat waiting to pop up. ...
Today's Papers' only complaint about Broad's re-look is that it somewhat unfairly chips away at the impression the paper had originally created: The three-page piece waits until the second-to-last column to state that the consensus of the American intelligence agencies is that espionage played a role in China's catch-up even if there is no smoking-gun evidence for this.
One of the things I always find interesting about L.A., where I grew up waiting desperately for the moment I could get out, is how it found its "there" (kind of the way Miami did).
All California seems to agree that the state's child support programs needed today's legislative fix, but the LAT waits until after the jump to describe what's wrong, and how the reforms will fix it.
It seems odd not to have merely waited until tomorrow to report rather than wonder.
So rather than wait for some Democrat to say that, they'll put Tom DeLay to some good use and whip him . DeLay doesn't seem to mind.
But wait.
The LAT notes that Hawaii has strict gun laws, requiring a safety course, waiting period, and background check to get a permit.
I have been sitting here waiting to begin this e-mail exchange like I am preparing to take the SATs again.
It waits till its seventh paragraph to notice that across the services, the gender difference in attrition is only 5 percent and till the 24th paragraph to mention that unmarried women can get pregnant and still get out of the service with an honorable discharge, and even then never pauses to wonder how closing this loophole might change the situation.
Chatterbox had promised to publish his official "1999 In Review" item before Thanksgiving, but some distant memory of a scruple persuaded him to wait till November was over.
"We were going to wait until the disclosure would do us the most benefit."
"Ralph, wait, for Chrissakes!"
He had to wait until most actors think about collecting a pension to watch his career start.
Bradley responded by snipping off the huckster's polyester necktie, saying in effect, Do you have so little respect for me as to think I'd fall for something that stupid ? While Gore waited with his hand dangling in midair, Bradley disdainfully critiqued and dismissed his whole approach to politics.
The LAT waits until pretty deep into the story to raise another very realistic worry: these weapons would wreak havoc in the hands of guerrillas.
The NYT is so taken with the Nasdaq that it waits until the 10th paragraph before noting that the Dow and other major indexes also set records yesterday, news that the Wall Street Journal gets right into the little summary paragraph it runs at the top of its front-page financial news box.
Seems that at the Madrid NATO meetings, while Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien was kept waiting for a tardy President Clinton, he vented a bit about Clinton to some European leaders, and a television network's audio system picked up his comments.
Wait a minute.
Wait a frigging second--could you please explain to me the phallic symbolism of herring?
I can't wait for next month's issue of the magazine, featuring a scantily clad model and the caption, "Why does Penthouse feature nude pictorials?
What's inexcusable is that Toobin waits 100 pages to mention that a) Kirkland is a convicted forger; who b) had had "five, six, seven, eight even" beers the night in question; and c) hadn't actually seen Jones give the serial blow jobs to his friends.
23 practice jersey (love that) and sits around waiting for the real players to show up for the morning workout.
Both China (the third-largest stockpiler) and Russia (the largest) appear to be waiting for the Senate to ratify the treaty before doing so themselves.
(For Slate's similar take, see Walter Kirn's "Heaven Can't Wait."
(For another skeptical view, see Slate 's "Hey, Wait a Minute."

Theater -- Wait Until Dark .
2) Wait a minute--we get to join forces with the German unions, which have even more clout and better benefits.
Finally, we see the two vizslas, waiting for their master's choice: Crown Royal, ready to be consumed with the Times . The unanswered question, of course, is this: Has the first dog waited all day to fetch the paper, or is its master about to have the first drink of the day sometime in the morning?
Everyone seems tired of waiting.
The Flytrap authorities are winning: The List entitles you to stand in the hall outside the third-floor grand jury room (everyone else must wait on the first floor).
Isn't it amazing that they all waited to retire before telling us how they really feel?
But shouldn't the Brady Bill, with its waiting period and background check for any handgun purchase, also get a mention?
And if the polls are ambiguous, the assertion of timeless values by both sides will just have to wait.
New York political bosses and big donors are biding their time waiting for her announcement.
Supply-side economics, then, is like one of those African viruses that, however often it may be eradicated from the settled areas, is always out there in the bush, waiting for new victims.
If you sit around waiting for some switch to get flicked, you'll have waited too long.
If you choose to remain silent, you'll have to wait till after the election to collect your reward.
So reluctant were reporters to call Paxon a prevaricator that most of them waited a decent interval--a few paragraphs--before reporting the apparent reason for Paxon's resignation: His challenge to Majority Leader Dick Armey was doomed and he faced a career as a Republican backbencher, a fate the ambitious pol apparently couldn't face.
The ITAA, which advocates raising the visa limit, says the industry it represents can't wait for the market to fix the problem.
At that point, we will control the industry and be able to extract the rich monopoly profits waiting to be had from poetry, book reviews, essays pleading for entitlement reform, explanations of developments in foreign countries, and similar product lines.
No need to read onscreen or wait for a printout.
And despite the speaker's many failings, there is no one else with imagination or energy waiting in the GOP wings.
Her 1900 counterpart would still have had three years to wait.
Most 15-year-olds would be better mothers, and have a better chance of making something of their own lives, if they waited five or seven years before having babies.
In addition, he talked about himself in the annoying "third-person jock," whimpered about Deep Blue's superior firepower (news flash, Garry: the other side usually demonstrates that when it beats you), and grumbled his way through a trash-talk version of "wait till next year."
wait a minute, that's not right.
That morning, wondering if he really loved her, she was lounging in her black silk pajamas, her ripe breasts exposed, waiting for his call.
To read two weeks of cartoons, I would have to click on each cartoon's date and wait for that image to download.
The company's Web site sets down these specific restrictions, among others: You must have 1) an "[u]nobstructed line of site to the South from your home [or] office" and 2) "[n]o tolerance for waiting."
If I use the conventional oven, I am not going to spend 60 minutes of my time over it--standing next to the oven and waiting for it to finish its job.
Once upon a time, a man was in his apartment waiting to go out on a date to which he was looking forward with pleasure.
They remain some of the most evocative images of the 1970s, those film clips of sheiks clad in flowing robes and luxuriant headdresses, striding confidently from hotel lobbies into waiting limousines, secure in the knowledge that in controlling two-thirds of the world's oil reserves, they controlled the lifeblood of the industrialized world.
Why do women wait so long before seeking an abortion?
The names of patients waiting for surgery at Rodriguez's hospital are kept on a computerized list.
Iknow that I could find myself on that transplant waiting list someday.
"Barnes & Noble continues to provide money to fund 1 st -trimester abortions for women accidentally impregnated while waiting in a really long line to pay for their books."
The possible Iraq attack takes a number and waits.
Plus, the reader has to wait to the sixth paragraph to learn that Davis also wouldn't commit to signing a bill sanctioning gay marriage, while both Checchi and Harman would do that.
The leads with word that an all-time record two million-plus legal resident immigrants are still waiting to become U.S. citizens.
And according to USAT 's front, the superintendent of San Francisco schools says his system will not comply with the new law while waiting for the lawsuit to be resolved.
But wait!
She took a seat at an empty desk in the editorial department and waited for some work to arrive.
Wouldn't they have at least waited until nightfall?
You used to have to go to a beauty salon, wait twice as long, and pay twice as much.
Perhaps, like the girl on the subway, they're just waiting to be led by the nose.
Italy had to wait until after World War II to regain its rightful status as a primary fashion source.
Underlings huddle in the cold outside a Little Italy social club, waiting for the boss, who emerges from a black sedan with a fat cigar in his mouth.
What we're waiting for is the trip to Vega, and indeed, this 10-minute sequence turns out to be pure joy.
Wait a minute, that is Aaron Copland--a gay, white Jew on the soundtrack of a Spike Lee movie!
It was a disconcerting experience, waiting to enter the theater to see One True Thing . The earlier screening was ending, and out came one woman after another with tears streaming down her face or eyes bloodshot from weeping.
He could have smacked youfor running out of gas, at midnight,in December, at a middle-of-nowhere place,coasting a few sorry yards toward home on the shoulderas a passing eighteen-wheeler's Hawaiian-sized wave of airwhomped the side of the car like a two-story pillow.As we sat there immobile--the four of us (including him),as if waiting for the show to begin at a surreal drive-in--he wanted to reach into the front seatand bonk your heads togetherthe way the leader of the Three Stooges didwhen the other two did something stupid.What had been road was now a cold placewithout a house light in sight in the rural South.What had been a passionate highway talkabout the culture's indifference to the artist's workwould have been silence except for himgiggling at us, at how danger dissolves discontentand flashes before us a life lost to pettiness,which we soon start to lose again."
Between a blurred sagacity That once had power to sound him,And Love, that will not let him be The Judas that she found him,Her pride assuages her almost,As if it were alone the cost.He sees that he will not be lost, And waits and looks around him.
You couldn't say the same of a CLOSED sign--if it was off, would that mean proprietors lurking in the back waiting to make a sale?
He waited and waited.
She has to want these as a new life, not as stopgaps while she waits for him to return.
And by the by, Prudie could not help thinking that had Mr. Clinton waited 24 hours to give that speech, it might have been quite different.
Hey, wait a minute.
Amazon.com online, and wait for the UPS driver to show up--while not addressing the question of convenience.
It's as if Luke Skywalker had to wait around for his billet to be stamped before he could fly off to destroy the Death Star."
While I was waiting for the browser to log me on, I thought maybe, this once, from a publication like
We welcome scrutiny into our advertising campaign and our organization, but here's one suggestion: How about waiting for some results before deciding this can't possibly work, and how about reading the existing research that shows it can ("The Impact of Anti-Drug Advertising," Johns Hopkins University; "Does Anti-Drug Advertising Work," New York University's Stern School of Business)?
Baker's pedophile is so furtive that he's almost immobile, but we register the darting eyes under the bland, Mr. Rodgers-like façade, and as he waits for a little boy to eat a drugged tuna sandwich, we hold our breaths the way we did in Psycho when Norman Bates watched the car with the body of Marian Crane almost not sink into the swamp.
A proposal introduced by the British government would impose a 15 day waiting period.
"If we're going to buy Bankers Trust, let's wait until Bob Hope dies first."
LIEBERMAN: Good idea--don't wait!
Ongoing rate day coverage of traders waiting, guessing, floating rumors, cursing, waiting.
The tractors lie about our fields; at evening They look like dank sea-monsters crouched and waiting.
You might want to wait until she feels the time is right for setting up the in-law connection.
Oh, wait.
Wait a minute--Sorry!
And the piece waits until its fifteenth paragraph to mention welfare reform, which removed a financial incentive for having children out of wedlock--and then, claiming that the drop has been steady long before welfare reform was passed, says that "according to some people who monitor fertility rates" it was not a significant factor.
There was little reported progress in the search for the bombers, though a Kenyan daily newspaper quoted witnesses who recalled seeing a man waiting in a pickup truck Friday morning in the alley behind the embassy, where the bomb exploded.
Prudie's instinct is to tell you to wait for someone who does seem just right.
oops, wait, not anymore."
(Wait, wait, I'm about to tie this into the actual topic.)
Let's wait and see if he does it!
Ordinarily, there is only one sensible strategy in a second-bid auction: Bid the highest amount you'd be willing to pay; then sit back and wait to see if you've won.
Wyoming's theme is "Sex and Reading Can Wait" (except for the part about the reading).
L e Monde also devoted a front-page article Sunday to a mysterious journey by Yugoslav Defense Minister Pavle Bulatovic, who, according to the Bulgarian newspaper Trud , turned up unexpectedly last Monday at the Serb-Bulgarian border post of Kalotina and was kept waiting there for several hours before being taken to the airport at Sofia, the Bulgarian capital.
Thus, I would think that Weisberg might be waiting a while for an "apology."
He has "surpassed Netanyahu in status at the White House," the editorial said, while "Europe stands united behind him, and the Arab states are only waiting for the signal to send official representatives to the Palestinian state."
"I waited and waited," A. wrote me.
"I don't sense anything," he tells his uneasy young apprentice, Obi-Wan Kenobi (McGregor), as the two sit waiting to conduct trade negotiations with a bunch of gray, fish-faced Federation officers who talk like extras in a samurai movie.
HP Instant Delivery . Using this free software from Hewlett-Packard, you can have Slate 's Today's Papers waiting at your printer every morning.
!! Here we have an able-bodied, selfish caffeine addict, who can't seem to wait for a stall, callously making someone who is handicapped wait.
"Americans are waiting for new hopes, new energy and new idealism."
That's why the piano is used so seldom in parade music, and it's why we're a nation of fatties--all that standing around waiting for some baton twirler to arrive.
"[S]he waits, like the sentinel of an enchanted world, and judges when it's safe to open up a trade route.
But I can't wait!
And waited for bags.
Your readers who are currently considering artificial augmentation (which as a man I find repugnant) may just want to wait a while.
The point is that some young jerk almost killed her in a parking lot because he didn't want to wait.
Do not wait around for this girl to change her mind.
My reunion with the living would have to wait.
In the '70s, he bullied screenwriters and directors into making Shampoo and Heaven Can Wait his way.
Oh, wait, no.
If you buy shares in the candidate when his stock is low, you don't have to wait for Election Day to cash in.
Here's what they've forgotten--Rembrandt, van Gogh, Spinoza, hydraulic engineering, silver skates, Boswell's education, (I was sure there'd be many a smartass remark about his law school days), treat, courage, uncle, rub, elm disease, those damned Spanish Hapsburgs, that crazy Protestant Reformation (the long hair, the beads, the--oh, wait, Woodstock again), the seizure of Sumatra, the wars with England and their possible connection to the death of Christopher Marlowe (who never got to see Gwyneth Paltrow naked, but might have if only he and she had been at Woodstock), and the nation's new maturity in 1952 when it took its place among other great nations as a member of the European Coal and Steel Commission.
The Shopping Avenger has received 164--no exaggeration for effect in this instance--letters so far from people who say they had confirmed reservations with U-Haul, only to show up and find no truck waiting for them.
But wait a minute.
Wait for grace to be said before eating.
But wait till it's back in season.
Net so far: -$92, though I'm still waiting for the Slotland check, too.
Depending on what kind of person you are, this may mean you should 1) establish an offshore casino in the Antilles before the Department of Justice cracks down, or 2) wait for this stuff to shake itself out before you blow 20 bucks playing Web roulette.
If Bradley can explain why Gore would be an inferior president, why should he have to wait to say so?
If you fail Stan, his family won't be waiting in the hall for the terrible news.
"Upon arrival, they keep us waiting for an hour and a half because 'the mechanic's not in yet like we told him.
One of the events we political Web-watchers were waiting for has arrived: Serious presidential candidates have begun advertising on the Internet.
Oh, wait, they are giving something away: stock options.
Scott, the New York Times ). "You keep waiting for a twist, a difficulty, a dilemma, a single cleverness," Stephen Hunter writes in the Washington Post . "Wait in vain, partner."
The Post waits until the third paragraph of its story to mention that nitric oxide is central to the process of getting an erection and as such is a key element in the workings of Viagra.
In a quote waiting for a paperback rear cover, Lewis writes, "The novel contains passages as powerful and as beautiful as anything written.
And the WP runs an AP dispatch stating that a German couple drove into a river near Berlin one night not too long ago because their car's computer navigation system did not tell them they needed to stop and wait for a ferry.
Similarly, why is the Post waiting until page 32 to tell us that the U.S. has decided to send more than 2,000 Marines into Kosovo as part of a multi-national peace-keeping force?
The Los Angeles Times puts NATO "on the brink" of launching strikes, with "warplanes ready to scramble," but the Washington Post writes that bombing would have to wait for final approval from member officials.
I couldn't wait to get my hands on this mischievously category-defying masterpiece and savor the higher truths that emanated from its pages.
At that time, Abbott's rivals at the French Pasteur Institute were browbeating every politico within lobbying range to wait for the development of a French procedure, which they promised was only weeks away.
The Post waits till the seventh paragraph to mention the bills need to be "sharply scaled down" before Clinton signs it--wimpy wordy considering Clinton said earlier, "I will not allow a risky plan to become law."
If your brother-in-law can afford to wait, time may be on his side in the battle against widgets.
She waits for him in her boudoir, en deshabillé, wearing a negligée, through which her toile d'or lingerie, particularly her brassiére, can be seen.
We shall have to wait and see if the changes of Margaret Thatcher's political fortunes are reflected in the language as spoken in Britain, for one might be tempted to infer that the assertiveness of her tenure was partly responsible for the demise of the subjunctive in contrary-to-fact constructions--at least in those perceived by her to be contrary to what she perceived as fact.
Then, to my horror, without waiting for another childish question, I pointed to a crawling caterpillar and said glibly, “Look.
Spanish has only one word for hope (esperar) but esperar also means ` wait ' and ` expect ,' and if the context is not clear the Spanish speaker will not know whether you are waiting for a bus, or expecting one, or simply hoping that one will come along eventually.
Third, it was not adopted from German Volksaal `people's waiting room'!
Also, certain prepositional phrases, such as waiting on a friend , probably qualify as regional usage.

I am still waiting for somebody to explain to me just how and when yoghurt , which had always been pronounced YOH\?\gert, mysteriously metamorphosed into YOG\?\ert.
Myself, I can't wait to visit Eluosi again, although all roads traditionally lead to Luoma, even if you are travelling from as far as Meizhou.
If my Ontario townsman Mr. Kurt Loeb was impressed with the licence plate 2THMD [XXII, 3], may I suggest that he stroll over to Bathurst Street any weekday rush hour and wait for 2TH LES to drive by.
My students at Tokyo Joshi Dai have studied English grammar and memorized its vocabulary for well over a half-dozen years, and when they are asked if they can explain how to get to the train station answer Yes, and stand by with a smile waiting for the next question.
All of our Six summer camping sessions are booked to capacity (and, truth be told, with maybe one our two extra returning campers squeezed in) and we have a waiting list of 60 children who are hoping to come if a spot should open.
(The 38 permanently injured pelicans inside our pens are still waiting for the approval of the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission and the U. S. Fish & Wildlife Service approval before they can breed).
The resulting visual images can be shared with other decision-makers in the company wherever they might be, without the need to wait until everyone is in town for a meeting.
The progressive bundle system, with up to a day’s WIP waiting for each sewing operator was an efficient way of operating when the costs of carrying mountains of WIP did not enter into production costs.
Vice President, I have waited a long time for such confirmation.
Almost nothing in this memorable space—the gilded Art Deco chandeliers, the travertine walls, the massive Corinthian columns at each end—was a product of its rather mundane function: to provide a waiting space for people, before they descended the staircases that led to the platforms below.
The President wanted the United States to strike the Taliban, step back, wait to see if they got the message, and hit them hard if they did not.
Multilateral freezing mechanisms now require waiting periods before being put into effect, eliminating the element of surprise and thus virtually ensuring that little money is actually frozen.
The NSC staff raised the option of waiting until after a terrorist attack, and then retaliating, including possible strikes on the Taliban.
He did not recall Berger or anyone else telling him that they were waiting for the magic words from the CIA and the FBI.
He went to New York City and waited there for Mohamed Atta to join him.
The domestic agencies were waiting for evidence of a domestic threat from sleeper cells within the United States.
Most civilians who were not obstructed from proceeding began evacuating without waiting for instructions over the intercom system.
At the lower end of the impact, the 78th-floor sky lobby, hundreds had been waiting to evacuate when the plane hit.
At 9:10, in response to an inquiry from the employees themselves, the Port Authority police desk in Jersey City confirmed that employees on the 64th floor should "be careful, stay near the stairwells, and wait for the police to come up."
However, this would also be a large and expensive project, and may have to wait until sequencing costs drop so that many human genomes from around the world can be sequenced.
[ 31 ] Also, hospitalized congestive heart failure is more common in hemodialysis than peritoneal dialysis patients, especially for those on the renal transplant waiting list.
2) " Some men are scared of responsibility so they are gonna say whatever they think could hurt the woman and, or mess the woman up to the point that it mess her and the baby up, make them wait or what have you.
While the operator is pouring the hot urethane from a bucket onto a forming belt, about 0.5 liters (16 oz) of dibasic esters are forced through the system and into a waiting bucket.
By waiting until the young adult stage to administer DOX, all of pre-adult development is identical between control and experimental groups, and any difference in lifespan must be due to changes in the adult.
These interpretations would also invite exploitation by allowing litigants to simply wait until an alien temporarily departed the United States before cutting off workers compensation benefits, initiating eviction, repossession, divorce or child custody proceedings, or otherwise triggering the cause of action or a need for representation.
5 Is it possible that patients can be screened by completing computer programs while waiting in the ED, with results then relayed to the physician?
Brief interventions may play an important role in motivating such patients to accept a treatment referral or can be used to establish motivation while waiting for access to publicly funded treatment.
The incentive to capture funding for the program was greater than the incentive to wait, capture knowledge, and reduce the risk of moving forward.
If official records were adequate, good quantitative measures of availability might be the number of low-income persons applying for housing relative to the number of units that met minimum standards and cost within 30 percent of household income or the number of persons on waiting lists for such housing and how long they had to wait.
to request services and wait for responses.

By the end of that one-hour lunch, he had listed off at least 20 projects - not the least of which was a new shelter -- and was sitting there waiting for me to respond.
Liebler explained the situation in court and the landlord, who had already received Bell's portion of the December rent, agreed to wait for the government's portion. "
Moreover, unless the Postal Service is incapable of shedding volume variable costs or waits until 2008 before adjusting First--Class rates, the price of a stamp does not have to go up by 17 cents.
In the early morning of 10 November 1922, Mehmet VI slipped quietly away to a waiting British warship, to end his life in exile.
Jamaica is an island with a strong personality that doesn’t simply wait in the wings.
Instead, consider buying everything you want as you go along, using Japan’s remarkably efficient and inexpensive takkyubin courier delivery services (available at the ubiquitous convenience stores) to forward your larger purchases to your hotel, where they will be waiting for you on your return to Tokyo or elsewhere.
Lines requiring achingly-long waits are commonplace year-round.
Both options have food and drink waiting at the end.
This was used as a waiting room and also, according to the Roman historian Pausanias, as a picture gallery or Pinakotheke, the name it holds today.
The horses wait under the cooling shade for their next customers.
Monkeys wait by the roadside for handouts as you approach Gunung Pensong, a temple located on top of a rocky outcrop 6 km (4 miles) south of the capital city, Mataram.
The hole is in fact a collapsed cave, producing a natural seawater aquarium that has become home to a number of voracious fish, sharks, and turtles waiting at the surface to be fed.
Start at Square Dorchester, where the horse-drawn calèches wait (they are also rather nicely known as hippomobiles).
Small colorful boats with piles of yellow nets are waiting to set sail for the next day’s catch.
The train station itself is fascinating, with hundreds of people waiting in line and a parking lot full of bicycle-driven pedicabs and vintage taxis.
Reservations for hotels, jungle lodges, and flights to and within Nepal can be hard to confirm in the busiest seasons if you wait too long.
Downstairs is the Solar do Vinho do Porto, where you will find hundreds of port vintages waiting to be sampled.
Everyone comes with a camera, so you may have to wait a while to get a shot of the view.
Wait a minute....

Wait a minute, that's not Paula Jones.
That Bush cares about the people waiting outside the clinic makes you think he's a decent human being.
For the really bad news, we'll have to wait until Friday morning, when the July jobs report is released.
But wait!
You feel, somehow, that they have always been there, waiting for you to discover.
Hey, wait a minute.
What we have now is a beauty contest, I think, in which the candidates will say as little as possible and wait for the rival or rivals to crack under the camera lights.
I've talked with some Fernandina residents who can't wait to leave their hundred-year-old, history-laden homes and move in there.
Wait a minute.
A shiver of excitement strikes the line of people waiting four-breast outside Theodore Roosevelt's front gate, and runs in serpentine reflex along Pennsylvania Avenue as far as Seventeenth Street, before whipping south and dissipating itself over half a mile a way.
That's why it's a mistake for the Journal to wait until the fifth paragraph to mention that the U.K. government merely thinks that the drug isn't cost-effective.
I'll finish with Phil Harris (I know you've been waiting).
Oh wait, Florida is the place with the palm trees, right?
The LAT pushed deadlines back to wait for results from Mexico: With 58 percent of votes in, Labastida was winning in 272 of 300 districts, compared with Madrazo's 21.
 Presidential candidate George W. Bush would have had a comment, but he decided to wait until he figured out exactly where Pakistan was, and what 'a bond' meant."
Africana is as least as good as the two or three other encyclopedias of black history and culture that sit in storage while I wait for my shoulder to heal enough so I can build bookshelves.
Those insights will have to wait for a less synergistic occasion.
McCain didn't wait to be asked.
Does Russia have a Hitler in waiting?
Gore : We don't have to wait for the Republican nominee to be picked.
The studios have explained that they aren't releasing their movies on Christmas Eve because it is one of the slowest--if not the slowest--moviegoing day of the year, and they'd rather wait and let their films debut with a splash on Christmas.
But wait a minute.
The piece dwells on such issues as the problem of lost sales tax revenue and the export of encryption technologies, and waits until the last paragraph to reveal that this position was reached for the president by Ira Magaziner, who designed his health care plan.
But wait a minute!
In other words, if the deal were a sure thing, there's a rather nice risk-free return just sitting there waiting to be picked up.
Not, of course, that Brill's Content would ever do something so exploitative as to plaster a dead child's image across the cover of its--oh, wait.
Wait.
And they can't wait for the games to resume.
The rest of the industry is waiting to see how much control the government demands over recovered keys.
Fearing that a second circuit breaker would close the market for the day and prevent them from executing their orders on advantageous terms, they sold their stocks as soon as possible instead of waiting to find the best price.
(Quote from senior Pentagon official: "We're just waiting for him to do something stupid so we can whack him."
Also see Luc Sante's "Hey, Wait a Minute" in Slate.
Theater -- Wait Until Dark .
First, he renounced his job offer from Pepperdine University, saying it would be wrong to make Pepperdine wait for him to finish his investigation.
Finally, we see the two vizslas, waiting for their master's choice: Crown Royal, ready to be consumed with the Times . The unanswered question, of course, is this: Has the first dog waited all day to fetch the paper, or is its master about to have the first drink of the day sometime in the morning?
Contemplating Saddam's anthrax-tipped warheads on NBC's Meet the Press , Rush Limbaugh answered his own question when he asked, should we "wait until he does it, or pre-empt it?"
"Obuchi should remember that while the Japanese public has an intense desire to see an economic upturn, it is not waiting for easy-to-swallow solutions," the paper said in an editorial.
Instead, aides say, he will wait for bills to emerge from Congress and try to influence them.
Concerning Saddam Hussein, President Clinton is quoted in all the dailies as saying, "In the coming days we will wait and see whether he does, in fact, comply with the will of the international community."
Can any TV watcher endure another Jonathan Turley sermon or Lanny Davis "wait and see" or Laura Ingraham huff?
New Yorkers won't wait for much, but they apparently will wait for Geraldine Ferraro.
Can this really be us, tugging our forelocks and mumbling, "That's OK, boss, you go ahead and have a good time, we'll just wait out here in the hall and say a few prayers"?
If you sit around waiting for some switch to get flicked, you'll have waited too long.
Or, instead, we could just wait for a war and use 20-year-olds as guinea pigs in a poorly researched social experiment.
(A significant part of that cost is the time spent waiting for the card to be approved, during which the pump is unavailable.)
I put their names on waiting lists.
We knew you'd rather wait and hear it from Harry.
Advocates of the complicated approach emphasize that some people enjoy constantly clicking and waiting because they have nothing better to do; that long and boring doesn't necessarily mean bad; that cool technology is its own justification even if it's useless; and that, anyway, who cares what the customers want.
She got on a waiting list early for the right day-care center, sent junior to Montessori, started violin lessons at 5, private school the same year and, the next year--soccer."
These pricey sections are occupied usually on a season-ticket basis, and offer the best sightlines, roomier seats, and wait staff who peddle gourmet fare.
I will wait on the platform while you make ready."
I also know of one man who waited until Statistical Science agreed to publish the article before circumcising his son.
5 Hunkering Down: For the rest of the week I follow a modified limited-hangout strategy, saying things like, we'll just have to wait and see, the evidence isn't in yet, we just aren't in a position to explain anything more.

The advantage to you is that it's all there waiting to be read, at fast hard-drive speed instead of slow modem speed.
It's a judgment call about whether readers will find having to scroll more annoying than having to click and wait.)
It turned out that she was waiting for the bus that I was waiting for, the No.
When I come out of my apartment I usually see a group of photographers waiting near the entrance to Watergate South, hoping to get a glimpse of her.
Aetna waited six months after its acquisition of U.S.
But even if the set-top box is not the answer, Malone will just wait until the next one appears.
Rodriguez was reluctant to admit anyone would die waiting.
He says that we can do careful screening and require waiting periods.
The Globe recently described comedian Chris Farley, who they say weighs 375 pounds, as "a heart attack waiting to happen," and 300-pound Marlon Brando as "a walking time bomb."
The NYT , in the wake of the Karla Faye Tucker execution, ran in Sunday's "Week in Review" a brutally reported and mug-shot illustrated piece by Sam Howe Verhovek on some of the other women waiting on America's Death Rows.
The Tony Mauro/Kevin Johnson effort reviews such basics as that the lawyers of those summoned have to wait outside and that grand jurors can pose questions.
The WP waits until the 13th paragraph.
USA Today, for instance, waits until the twelfth paragraph of its fifteen paragraph story to inform the reader that the unrest was about rising prices caused by Suharto's introduction of new IMF-dictated austerity measures.
It allows Schickel to write lines like, "A rude beast has been perceived slouching toward the Bethlehem of the New Masculinity, waiting to be reborn in more cuddlesome form."
But after six long years of marriage and one child, he wasn't yet in "dying condition," Clare complained, "and I am not going to waste my life waiting for him to get in it."
A poor immigrant Jew works as an assistant shoemaker, patiently waiting for the master shoemaker's daughter to grow old enough to marry.
But that is not the burden: "And if he improves by degrees his bodily accommodations and comforts--at each stage, at each accent there are waiting for him a fresh set of annoyances--he is mortal and there is still a heaven with its stars above his head."
And waiting in the wings are the plague squirrels and killer bees."
Arrayed on dummies, the Versaces have the air of waiting backstage for their entrance music.
Sun Ra's men believed in the myth of their leader's origins and, like him, waited to be rescued from Earth by alien spaceships.
Bystander Cage doesn't side with the escaped prisoners, as you wouldn't if you had a wife who looked like that waiting for you.
The writer and director of Boogie Nights , Paul Thomas Anderson, waits awhile before playing his cards.
Movies that revolve around moral choices often have an aura of sanctimoniousness built into them: The audience is presented with the issue in the starkest blacks and whites and waits for the blinkered protagonist to "do the right thing."
Shameless I wait for Orcus to take me away.
Because the barbarians are coming today and the emperor's waiting to receive their leader.
Bland wealth of the suburbs,it's futile to keep despising it, I know,unfair to friends who have to live there--or else in slums--but sometimes its cultivated innocence feels like an assault.I don't want to join the country club because there are no parks.I don't want to leave my car in an underground garage,rise to the office, sink at the end of day,drive home unable to stop or roll down the windowstill I see the familiar guard in his gatepost waiting at the start of our street.
He waited for the group on the nearby 18 th green to finish.
I waited for the relief that winter would bring.
Prudie, imagining herself waiting on tables, concurs that an appreciative gratuity is, indeed, preferable to repeated thank yous and now considers the problem solved.
The "Hey, Wait a Minute" column by Douglas J. Besharov and Jacob W. Dembosky ("Child Abuse: Threat or Menace?"
I didn't wait till the last minute.
Rather, the process is like a giant heavenly gum-ball machine, where the bored and listless unborn souls wait to be selected.
But wait!
Hey, Wait a Minute, Potheads!
Wait a minute, I'm not kidding.
The tabs also report that two celebrity spouses couldn't quite wait until their dearly beloved's bodies were fully cold before finding that they could learn to love again.
I kept waiting for Wolff to say he was joking, but apparently he wasn't.
[speaking] : Well, wait a second--not all of them.
All humankind waits breathlessly.
But wait, there's more.
My question is: Should I wait for her to respond or go ahead and call to initiate the conversation?
Now wait, now wait.
He is waiting for you with a soldier's handshake."
The argument pro or con: If she doesn't decide soon, other Democrats will wait too long to enter the race, and Giuliani will win.
The story cites a report from NetRatings that "the average home Internet user wastes just over nine minutes per day, or 55 hours per year, waiting for web pages to load."
when I meet my patients in a crowded psychotherapy office waiting room used by many of us.
Lewinsky delivers her canned message in the interview's opening seconds: "I waited a long time to be able to express to the country how very sorry I am for my part in this past year's ordeal.
(Wait, wait, I'm about to tie this into the actual topic.)
The film is "a hopelessly cliched newspaper yarn--I kept waiting for someone to scream into the phone, 'Baby, get me re-write!
I'd say more, but let's wait until he wraps up the nomination."
(If you're not willing to pay $22 wait a few months until the online market is only going for $16.)
Wait, maybe I'd better switch to The Matrix , which made $37 million in its first week and seems poised to become a phenomenon.
Update on the Colorado high school massacre : 1) The local sheriff said three kids in combat fatigues who knew the killers and waited outside the school during the shooting are "subjects of our investigation."
Kuwaitis are rich lay-abouts waited on by impoverished foreigners.
"I waited and waited," A. wrote me.
It's there on paper, but it's waiting to be filled in and jazzed up.
Spin 3) Wait, he's still preparing to indict the president.
Wait, sorry, excuse me--as it turns out, no, they don't.
Let me enlighten you: Almost every time I need to use the disabled stall (I am in a wheelchair), I have to wait for an AB to leave, and they all apologize meekly when they leave.
"That scientist is still waiting for Al Gore to let him know about those test rabbits."
A column in Thursday's Daily Telegraph strongly attacked Jeremy Paxman, one of Britain's best-known radio and TV interviewers, for being "insulting" to Kissinger when he asked him if he felt "a fraud" on receiving the Nobel Prize for "bringing peace" to Vietnam, and whether he waited 17 years to produce these memoirs because he wanted "to rewrite history."
Three in a four-page pamphlet, including "new millennium" and "new century," but no mention of July giving way to August, or 8 o'clock to 9. We'll have to wait and see.
And waited for our bags.
Take the case of K., who found himself waiting in vain for Circuit City to repair his television.
Wait points to last year's last-minute $20 billion-plus "emergency" supplemental as a prime example of "what Congress does when it's under pressure to do something."
Gere is Ike Graham, a New York-based USA Today columnist, who hears about Maggie in a bar and, without even a call to confirm his facts ( check ), devotes his next piece to an un-PC screed on the inconstancy of all women ( check ) with this "runaway bride" as Exhibit A. The column makes him instantly ( check ) unpopular with all those Manhattan USA Today readers ( check ) who recognize him on the street ( check ), not to mention the hordes of small-town USA Today readers who wait for the paper's delivery truck as if it were the Good Humor man ( check ). After the subject of the column responds with a letter composed on a manual typewriter ( check ) disputing its facts, his editor and ex-wife ( check ) (Rita Wilson) promptly ( check ) fires him ( check ).
After turning in the manuscript Thursday, I spent the weekend revising the last four chapters, and Monday afternoon I wrote the last sentence on the last page: "His reunion with the dead would have to wait."
("Let's wait three days," indeed.)
Ditto for Dana Scurry, the girlfriend of hospitalized actor Martin Lawrence, who according to the Star waited by his bedside with "bloodshot" eyes and makeup "smeared from crying."
And let's wait until most Gen Yers are capable of rational thought.
Wait, sorry, it was Iranian Shiite Muslim clergy who jailed the kids; I keep confusing Tehran and New York.
Instead, the Shopping Avenger was booked onto a later flight and so asked the agent if he could use a British Airways telephone to call Mrs. Shopping Avenger, who would be waiting for him at the other end.
Should I push the issue, or just let sleeping dogs lie and wait for him to act like a man and make his own decisions?
"If you're waiting around for me to say, 'Oooh, sorry your bird's brain is bleeding,' " Ostroff did not add, "you've got a long wait coming."
Gallup, for one, is waiting until Net use becomes more widespread before embracing online polling.
"In the circumstances, it is perhaps best for Jakarta to wait for the economic and political situation to stabilize before taking a decision on a referendum."
If you think video poker at airports is "," wait till you see co-workers feed their paychecks into online slots from their desks.
I plugged in my e-mail address and the zip code of some obscure FBI building in Washington and waited for the e-mail reply telling me to go away.
Avowing their virginity are tennis player Anna Kournikova ("I do not let anyone even have a peek into my bed") and singer Enrique Iglesias, who's said to be waiting for the right woman.
After waiting a considerable period of time, a U-Haul mechanic showed up, taped up a leaky hose, and left.
The apparent cause: Investors waited for the new tax year to reap profits from recent stock gains.
Bush was loafing around with his buddies, waiting to execute Karla Faye Tucker.
People who register to vote when they are engaged by a political Web site are more likely to turn out than folks who register while waiting in line at the DMV.
The paper depicts the other dominoes it sees waiting to fall: if the stock market continues to be unconvinced, then consumer confidence will be weakened, and then consumer spending will drop and then.
The story's hard-luck cases include: people with a $50,000 car and Armani suits but shabby furniture, a woman who was able to drive home her 1998 Jeep Grand Cherokee the day she saw it, but twice has had to wait twelve weeks for furniture ordered at Pottery Barn, and a management consultant who despite having hired a decorator and ordering $70,000 worth of furniture including a hand-carved entertainment center, has still only received one of the pieces.
For instance, TP is still waiting for a news story that states the cost so far of the Houston octuplets.
And wait, that doesn't include the 1.999K problem!
Burying the news seems pandemic today: this story waits until the last paragraph to inform that others stole the money and accused Flipper of doing it out of racial hatred.
Because waiting in the wings was.
While we wait and wait for him to tell us what he wants, the movie employs stalling devices such as the search in a darkened house for the elusive bogeyman.
The NYT waits until the 22nd paragraph of its story to explain why Beijing is so spooked by the mystics: Similar groups destabilized the last imperial dynasty, and China fears that Falun Gong could organize China's huge numbers of newly laid-off state employees.
“Wait, wait,” said the lady.
While we were waiting I saw a cockroach on the parquet floor that must have been at least three inches long.
By now they were nearly bursting--with indignation, of course--but there was nothing for it: they had to wait till they got back to their internment quarters.
The children were not captured on the raid: the story was about a father who had his children (and, as I recall, his wife) wait in the family car while he went off to commit a robbery.
I always thought the term comes from the German Volksaal `people's waiting room.
wait - A 1730 deed from Thomas Hadden of Scarsdale, N.Y. “to John ffisher a certain small wait or parcel of Land lying and being situate in the Mannor of ScarsDale aforesaid.”
The other day I heard someone described as deaf as a bat , and now, like a man waiting for the other shoe to drop in the room above his, I listen for blind as a post .

The air traffic controller mistakenly took this statement to mean that the plane was at the take-off point, waiting for further instructions, and so did not warn the pilot that another plane, a Pan Am 747 that was invisible in the thick fog, was already on the runway.
Peat bogs, where tug lies waiting, occur in the lowest land around.
Although a complete linguistic description will have to wait until the dust settles—if it does at all, given the volatility of the technology and the ever-increasing number of the participants-certain features, destined to remain, are already apparent.

While waiting for my wife in the reception room, I saw a dapper little old fellow approach the information desk and attempt in Russian to get directions from the uncomprehending woman in attendance there behind a sign in several languages, including Tagalog—but not Yiddish.
Over 170 young people are still waiting for a mentor.
If the truck is late, the driver often has to wait until the end of the day to unload, if allowed to do so at all.
But to avoid this, there is always work waiting; for example, in a men’s dress-shirt factory there can be a day’s worth at each sewing station.
Many courts require witnesses to wait outside if they are likely to be called later in the trial, but in this case the defense prevailed on the judge to bar the victims’ families on the ground that their very presence might induce an emotional response in the jury.
The water-filled bucket has now rested, silent and waiting, until the cannonball strikes the paddle wheel, whereupon the wheel spins, the red rope winds up, pulling the water-filled bucket up the well, up against the axle, which tilts the bucket over  you will have to imagine this part  and pours the water into a long funnel that slopes down from the wellhead toward my bean field.
We figured we'd wait to go to your center.
But it waited to be asked.
However, if these hurdles were addressed, and if the military could then operate regularly in the region for a long period, perhaps clandestinely, it might RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 137 attempt to gather intelligence and wait for an opportunity.
He waited for all the other cars to depart the ferry, assuming (incorrectly) that the last car off would draw less scrutiny.
You are left waiting for the big attack, with lots of casualties, after which some major US retaliation will be in order[.
Now 19 men waited in nondescript hotel rooms to board four flights the next morning.
In most instances, therefore, the operators and the FDNY dispatchers relied on standard operating procedures for high-rise fires-that civilians should stay low, remain where they are, and wait for emergency personnel to reach them.
Similar advice was given in person by security officials in both the groundfloor lobby-where a group of 20 that had descended by the elevators was personally instructed to go back upstairs-and in the upper sky lobby, where many waited for express elevators to take them down.
And so I waited a considerable amount of time.
One new compound that will help clarify the role of nm-myosinII is blebbistatin [ 32 ] . Other small molecules wait to be found and experiments using them will continuously refine our understanding of the leading edge and the mechanism of action of these compounds.
Potential participants were approached in the clinic waiting room and consent obtained.
The interviews were conducted in waiting halls, consultant rooms and in the maternity wards.
[ 25 ] Future studies need to be designed to determine if in-depth, and evidence-based educational information available via a web site is better at accommodating preoperative patient education than paper media or videos given out in the waiting room prior to the patient seeing a surgeon.
Additionally, approved product labels recommend stopping the drotrecogin alfa (activated) infusion 2 hours before invasive procedures and waiting 12 hours after major surgical procedures to restart the infusion after ensuring adequate hemostasis [ 6 ] . The infusion may be restarted immediately after uncomplicated, less invasive procedures after ensuring adequate hemostasis.
H-2A aliens also wait until the end of the season or after they have returned home to seek legal assistance due to their limited access to legal services when they are in the United States.
Ries commented that educational videos in waiting rooms can be helpful.
He posed the following questions: Do we wait until we know exactly how the intervention works before we move interventions into practice?
Under this single-step approach, a war fighter can wait over 15 years to receive any improved capability.
Incumbent commentators noted that this will encourage licensees to "wait out" incumbents and increase the likelihood that incumbents would have to assume the costs of their own relocation.
If employees believe they have the authority to tackle goals and objectives beyond their formal job descriptions and assigned units, then when customers have legitimate complaints, empowered front-line employees can "make it right" immediately rather than having to wait for management to get involved.
DISCOUNT - The difference between the estimated worth of a future benefit and its present value; a compensation for waiting or an allowance for returns from using the present value of these returns in other ways.
The rest of their applicants must wait, or give up.
Bell had recently been approved to have the federal government subsidize part of his monthly rent, but the government's portion of the December rent was going to be delayed until January, and the landlord was reluctant to wait.
Why wait for legislation, if we can act now to drive costs out of the system and lower rates for qualified mailers?
They repaired and strengthened the city walls that had saved them so many times in the past, and waited fearfully for the inevitable onslaught.
To have to wait a while for something is not the worst problem in the world.
If, during your tours of the big cities, you come across products you like from places you will be visiting later, such as Rajasthan, Varanasi, or Kashmir, wait until you get there — the price and selection may be much better.
Tee off early: At times, you’ll spend a lot of time waiting for players ahead of you.
In a low-rise building near the cave entrance is a small ethnographic museum, a place to see displays of local island customs and costumes as you wait a couple of minutes for the guided cave tour to begin.
Just about every male over the age of five can be found sitting on the sea wall waiting for a bite and it is amazingly relaxing to be letting the rod do all the work.
Immediately in front of the cruise port you’ll find a line of horse-drawn surreys waiting to offer you a genteel tour along the historic streets.
You can inspect Bali’s selection of shops, pick a restaurant, go on a pub crawl, or see a movie and wait for midnight when the discos get into gear.
Ladies in summer hats are pictured, waiting at small platforms as the engine approaches, and trains making their way down a crowded Front Street in Hamilton.
The first British fur traders were much less adventurous than the French, waiting for the Indians to bring their pelts to the trading post rather than seeking them out in the forest.
All of these are waiting to be discovered.
But nearly four decades after the Cuban missile crisis, the world continues to wait, wondering whether a lifting of US trade and tourism sanctions or a change in leadership in Cuba will arrive first.
Where to Go
Given wine’s weight and bulk, it’s often best to wait until the duty-free shop at the airport.
Those who want to ride will find numerous taxis waiting to take them to and from Charlotte Amalie.
"Um, I should wait to importune you, but..."
As soon as you commit to one, you realize that if you'd waited a little longer, you could have gotten a better model.
With famous luxury brands to choose from: Rolex Patek Cartier Breitling Bell & Ross and more than two dozen other designer brands - what are you waiting for?
 As the girl who lives down the hall from Chatterbox complains, "she gives him a blow job and then has to wait around in receiving lines!
Wait. ...
Then Senator Phil Gramm, R-Texas, says he would just as soon wait on a tax cut until George W. becomes president.
I'm still waiting for the masses of former White House interns to file some kind of class action lawsuit.
It took me a while to get used to waiting behind someone on line at the coffee shop near work who ordered a hazelnut-strawberry latte, decaf, with skim milk.
This is another big idea to me and one that I have been waiting to happen for a long time.
Gore shows a similar gift for information-free discourse in his comment on the FALN clemency controversy, quoted in the WP : "The proper course of action is to wait to review the analysis now underway that will be presented to the White House later this week and I'll defer judgment until that time."
Tip #6: Wait Until Yom Kippur, When They're Weak From Hunger The WP reports that the Southern Baptist Church has this week released a pocket-sized prayer guide for its members that offers tips about how to evangelize Jews during their High Holy Days when, the Post explains, "they are sensitized to spiritual matters."
Since this sort of information can evidently be put together in 24 hours, wouldn't it be better to require authorities to do so before a gun purchase could legally be made, rather waiting for reporters to do so after a shooting?
It's a celebration of the fall harvest and the Jewish people's life in the desert while they waited to receive the torah.
John Weaver, his national political director, alerted him that the audience waiting inside the aircraft hangar might include Betsy DeVos, the chairman of the state party, who happens to be married to the head of the Amway Corp., and who also happens to be a committed foe of campaign finance reform.
We're waiting for you!
He just has to wait for you to get sick to death of Al Gore.
Investors are cautiously optimistic, and although a Washington Post article says the Federal Reserve is unlikely to raise interest rates again this year, the other papers note that Wall Street will wait for October's employment figures (to be released Friday) before reaching a conclusion.
Although Dr. Spritzer's reluctance to get enmeshed in Adele August's life is presented in both book and movie as entirely rational, given Adele's extreme neediness, both emotional and financial--Ann can't wait to be old enough to leave home--there is also the sense, in both the book and the movie, that Dr. Spritzer is a little bit of a jerk.
Ford has now reissued the Taurus with a higher butt, and Nissan probably can't wait to redo the sad-sack Altima.
We have a dream: Buy low, sell high, wait till the stocks tumble, then buy low again, sell high again.
There always seemed to be at least three or four stacked up over Washington at any one time, like planes waiting to land at National Airport: Whitewater, Travelgate, the FBI files, the campaign-finance scandals, not to mention the extra, auxiliary scandals around half the cabinet.
But wait a minute.
The WP waits till about half-way through its piece before indicating that the two Democratic hopefuls discussed anything else: It reports that both agreed stricter gun control is needed, though Bradley claimed his plan was more serious than Gore's.
The result of all this security is that even LAT editor Michael Parks will have to wait for the thud in his driveway this morning before he can read Shaw's opus de oops.
wait a minute, what's this?
"Wait, just wait.
Meanwhile, applications for citizenship are on the rise, so the waiting time for immigrants to hear back has doubled to more than a year.
I want to tell you a story: One day in late 1998, I was hanging around the Westchester federal courthouse, waiting for another of John A. Gotti's interminable pre-trial hearings to begin, when I bumped into Gotti's friend, Angelo Ruggiero Jr.
But I'm waiting for Anthony junior (there I go again, dissing the female characters) to ask his father when he's going to be a made guy.
And I, for one, can't wait!
I can't wait for the clips on ESPN: "Boo yeah!
I'm waiting for the brief accusing Microsoft of running Area 51 and being responsible for the Roswell Incident.
The Lippo group also paid $100,000 to former Associate Attorney General Webster Hubbell last year, while he was waiting to begin a jail term for bilking clients of his former law firm.
Newsweek also hints that 13 Heaven's Gate members--the "ground crew"--may be traveling through the Southwest, waiting for a signal from the spaceship.
Then, wait for eco-friendly groups to pressure the government into buying the land--at an inflated price.

No longer "a Nobel Prize waiting to happen" (Jeff Giles, Newsweek ), Kundera is said to overindulge in his philosophical musings, which no longer seem fresh.
Everyone is waiting to see what the army will do.
The spot is aimed at the woman, the secondary consumer of condoms, reminding her that an alternative to "no" is "wait a minute," followed by a quick dip into her nightstand drawer for a rubber.
Wait and See?
Only 15 of us are waiting inside the courthouse.
The WP waits until the thirteenth paragraph of its story to mention the fertility drugs involved and that such drugs are frowned upon by many doctors.
Still, that waiting period was increased in recent years to its current 15 days and it would be worthwhile for papers like the LAT to study and report on its relationship to the homicide decrease in L.A.
(Many observers believe the Chinese won't negotiate with the 61-year-old because they are waiting for him to die.
Some current nominees have been waiting a considerable time for a Senate Judiciary Committee vote or a final floor vote."
Products that should be developed never get off the ground, or do so much later than they should, because everyone is waiting for other people to move.
Wait until the Republicans discover this tactic!
Do you dare wait that long?
In Why We Can't Wait , published in 1963 as the movement to dismantle segregation reached its peak, King observed that many white supporters of civil rights "recoil in horror" from suggestions that blacks deserved not merely colorblind equality but "compensatory consideration."
My friend, sad to say, had revealed himself with his inquiry as a Vinland doubter, a man who has not read The Sagas , a man still waiting for more proof than contemporary maps, detailed written accounts, and carbon-dated archaeological evidence.
But Wait.
It occurred to us a while ago: Why can't people leave their computers and their printers on overnight, or whenever, and have their printouts waiting for them, rather than vice versa?
But wait.
In the lobby, children waiting for music lessons bend over their homework, mom perched at their shoulder.
Which is when they surged forward to catch whatever gems might usher forth from his lips and when a 50-ish woman waiting for a table got hit in the head by a camera.
And TV-network crews have been parked beside the territory's flagpoles, waiting to stock up on footage of the British standard being lowered against a dusk-lit sky.
The TP also says Willey's blouse was untucked--a point that has been cited as evidence Willey was lying, since an untucked blouse would probably have been noticed by the other people waiting in the reception area outside the Oval Office.
The conventional way to read your favorite Internet content is to dial up to the Internet, find your favorite site(s), wait for them to download, navigate to items of interest, wait for them to download, and so forth.
There isn't a mob of data villains waiting on the other side of the wire to steal your money, read your e-mail, and kidnap your dog.
The president's pal didn't have to do it--or he could at least have waited until Clinton was out of office.
Then, while waiting for the cooking to finish, I have 55 minutes for myself--to read the paper, write the Great American Novel, or do whatever it is I do with my time.
Right now, I'm waiting for Avis to announce that huge new investment that Bill Gates has made in its future.
It's also a little surprising that Viacom has chosen to sell in 1998, rather than taking advantage of the big tax savings that the law provides had the company waited a year and then spun off the publishing assets into a separate company.
You don't even have to wait for the results.
The transplant waiting list currently includes 55,560 patients, and about four thousand of them will die waiting.
But none was around, and this guy would have died waiting.
Half of the people are stonedAnd the other half are waiting for the next electionHalf the people are drownedAnd the other half are swimming in the wrong direction.
The LAT lead mentions a mob of photographers outside Monica's house waiting for a glimpse, but again, where's the safety issue there?
The papers all point out that under the status quo, more than 4,000 Americans die annually while waiting for needed organs.
Wait till the postal workers union hears about this.
The compositional possibilities must have seemed endless, every change in the light disclosing a fresh set of visual effects waiting to be captured.
"The moment you've all been waiting for ...
Each evening, Betty waits up for her son, aware of his vain attempts to create a secret life for himself with Hong Kong's prostitutes.
There, near Cold Mountain, waits his sweetheart, a woman called Ada Monroe.
Why did Rockefeller wait so long to return Tarbell's fire?
We had fallen under the spell of Grace Kelly and Audrey Hepburn, whose shoulders curved with easy finesse, and whose heads sat high atop swanlike necks, just waiting for crowns.
I could go on; but I'll wait until next winter.
He was a great man but also a jerk; he surrounded himself with suck-ups and expected his daughter to wait on him hand and foot.
For most of Cop Land , we watch Stallone get bullied and stared down by everyone in the large cast, while we wait for him to awaken from his stupor and start blowing bad guys away--which you know he has to do or he would never have accepted the role.
Variations can be found in Bonnie and Clyde (1967), The Parallax View (1974), Reds (1981), and Bugsy (1991), but the real precursor to Bulworth is Heaven Can Wait (1978), in which the soul of a young buck enters the body of a square old white guy, who wins over skeptics and then is cruelly cut down.
You never have to wait for a forecast.
You said you had lunch in Pittsfield, was it on North Street?That reminds me of when we lived on the farm.It must be eighty years ago.We went to a one-room school house, didn't you drive past it once?Each row was a different grade.I sat in the first seat of the first row.The teacher's name was Miss Brown.She was so pretty.I wonder if she's still alive.The day before we left the farm our cat disappeared.We couldn't find her anywhere.I was sad for weeks.Three months later she showed up at our new house in Pittsfield.Robbins Avenue.I can't think of the number now.My sister was in New York.She didn't like the people she was living with so she'd visit us.She fell in love with the young man who lived next door.Maurice.Your uncle Maurice.They got married and moved to Cleveland.They're both gone now, aren't they?You know, I can't picture her.A few years later we moved to New York.This just jumped into my mind: I must have been three years old.We were still in Russia.Mir.A small town, but famous for its Yeshiva.My oldest brother--Joe--took our horses down to the river.They were the two best horses in the town.My father had a phaeton.A beautiful old buggy.He was like a taxi driver, he took people to Minsk.Or Vilna.That day he was at the station.The passenger station, waiting for customers.My brother was still just a kid.He must have been washing the horses in the river.I can remember--it was a hot day.Maybe he was giving them a drink.And while I was watching the reins got caught around a pole in the river.The horses kept twisting the reins around that pole.It was slippery, the reins kept sliding down under the water and they were pulling the horses down with them.I ran into town and got my father who came running back with a knife in his teeth.He jumped into the river with all his clothes on.He took the knife and sawed away at the reins until he finally cut through.He saved the horses.I haven't thought about this in a thousand years.It's like a dream: you get up it's forgotten.Then it all comes back.Didn't I ever tell you?Look at me, I'm starting to cry.What's there to cry about?Such an old, old memory, why should it make me cry?
59,803 boots of Boot Town waiting to be filled!In the Nieman-Marcus "flagship" your footsteps echo!Escalators soaring upward to oblivion!Twenty-ounce T-bones juicy as newborn human babies!Giant gins!
Obviously, the traditional breeding method is a lot harder than just letting a couple of horses loose in a pasture and waiting for nature to take its course.
He waited and waited.
I couldn't wait to get e-mail at my office, because I hate returning phone calls.
His tenure began with a splashy exhibition on royal patronage and built to the crescendo of "King Tut," which visitors waited in long lines to see in 1977.
But unfortunately, we have to sit and wait for studies that are underway to finish before we can predict the future with something more statistically powerful than hope.
Have you ever had to fight your way through and wait in line at a Barnes & Noble in Manhattan, or lived in Tokyo, where the closest Borders bookstore is in San Francisco?
There bottom feeders wait patiently to scavenge the remaining scraps.
I'm not sure why you waited a week.
"Russians waited for a month and a half for Yeltsin to explain the crisis and how the country should fight it," the paper said Wednesday.
(No waiting around for stale, shopworn news and reviews to be delivered once a week and days late by certain newsmagazines we don't care to mention.)
And perhaps there is a rich vein of Bush loathing waiting to be mined.
Oh, wait, I know what it was--overwork.
She can see the phone, she can hear us talking, yet she bursts in, unwilling to wait.
Ongoing rate day coverage of traders waiting, guessing, floating rumors, cursing, waiting.
Yet they waited, Stubborn and shy, as if they had been sent By an old command to find our whereabouts And that long-lost archaic companionship.
oh, wait, it is Mayor Giuliani's swaggering know-nothingism.
Wait!
--Wait a minute: That's not his nose!
The paper waits until the ninth paragraph to mention that, oh by the way, both of these developments are from today's issue of Nature . The Times does it right, giving Nature credit at the start of the third paragraph.
The Times quotes the headline of an Italian newspaper story about the scramble: "The Pope: Heaven Can Wait, the Networks Cannot."
Sidebar advice from Geraldine Ferraro and Dick Morris: Wait for the Illinois race in 2004.
Wait.
An article says President Clinton waited too long to prepare the American public for military action in Kosovo.
Further, he waits until Page 348, upon learning that Revlon had withdrawn its offer of a job for Monica, to go all Sally Fields on us and exclaim, "What do you know?
If I can learn from other bidders, then they can learn from me--which is the second reason I might want to deviate from a simplistic "bid and wait" strategy.
I told him that, in my humble opinion, the advent of voice mail and the disappearance of live operators meant longer waits on the telephone for help.
Dear Wait,
But "I want to make a plea to everybody who is waiting for the next deer season in my home state to think about this in terms of what our reasonable obligations to the larger community of America are.
But the rescue ship's engines malfunctioned and DiCaprio and the others were told to jump overboard and wait for yet another rescue vessel.
the practice where teens stop engaging in pre-marital sex, and wait until marriage.
It means, for one thing, that the laugh is on all those dweebs who have spent the last month camped out on the sidewalks beside movie theatres, waiting for the big day."
Qaddafi sent two of his lieutenants to receive Mubarak while he waited for the Egyptian president in his tent "not very far from the airport," al-Quds al-Arabi noted.
!! Here we have an able-bodied, selfish caffeine addict, who can't seem to wait for a stall, callously making someone who is handicapped wait.
Dressed in frayed shorts and sandals, blond hair flowing, Helgeland looked as if he had stashed his surfboard behind the stage and couldn't wait to escape into the waves crashing outside.
But British papers were dominated by the rain that wiped out all play Tuesday at the Wimbledon tennis championships and by an administrative fiasco at the government Passport Agency, which has left more than half a million people due to travel abroad within the next four weeks waiting for passports.
If you haven't seen South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut , then what are you waiting for, you shit-sucking uncle-fucker?
Naturally, the pigeons hang out in the piazzas all day, cooing and crapping and waiting to be fed.
And waited for bags."
I have been on quite a few development teams and was waiting for a few honest comments.
Critics complain about the trite story line--Roberts plays a young woman who has a habit of leaving her grooms waiting at the altar--and the lack of chemistry between the stars.
How long I've waited to write these words.
Wait a minute, what about that smutty Friends show?
J) "The Slow Week": Nash and Joe keep waiting for the phone to ring, but it doesn't.
Last week, George W. Bush initiated a practice that will surely become the norm: declaring contributions immediately online , instead of waiting for quarterly FEC deadlines.
Radio conversations between Kopassus officers and militia commanders shortly before and after the Aug. 31 referendum included Kopassus saying, "It is better we wait for the result of the announcement [of the ballot].
In fact, there is little danger that teen-agers are going to order unusual wines from distant wineries, wait days for them to arrive, arrange to have their parents out of the house when they do, and then ...
The tabs, suffering from an overload of nostalgia, read like magazines one might have thumbed through while waiting backstage at the Mike Douglas or Merv Griffin shows.
Right now, we're being passed by a house (or half a house anyway, being carted to a foundation waiting somewhere), and a large tree is gaining on us.
Guests should not wait for a grace or benediction before eating.

Once in the poker room, you scan the virtual tables for empty seats, and click to sit down or to join the waiting list.
As I was writing the bin number on the tie, I noticed a woman politely waiting for me to finish.
While the public waits, lobbyists purchase uncorrected transcripts from pricey transcription agencies.
I sent the manuscript and waited for a response.
Wait a second!
Now I can't wait for the next production.
The moment she is laid on her back, Tallulah loses her love for me and becomes as impatient as a race-car driver waiting for the tires to be changed.
Scott, the New York Times ). "You keep waiting for a twist, a difficulty, a dilemma, a single cleverness," Stephen Hunter writes in the Washington Post . "Wait in vain, partner."
(The paper waits until the tenth and last paragraph of the story to reveal that the poll sample was but 1,004 adults.)
The WP waits until the second-to-last.
But wait a second, it is an old shoe!
The NYT lead spends a good deal of ink high up addressing the question of whether or not Israel helped carry out Ocalan's abduction, but waits until the last sentence of the piece--at the end of the 34th paragraph--to state the Clinton administration's denial of involvement.
So naturally, the Post waits until the ninth paragraph of a fourteen paragraph story to say what the two bills are and how they differ, and none too clearly at that.
Don't hold your breath waiting for final answers.
I can't wait for Rev.
The Times lead waits until the 11th paragraph to inform readers that the FBI computer monitoring system will be in place in 2003.
Railroads preceded settlers into many parts of the United States, and every few miles a siding had to be built so that trains could pull off the track and wait for others to pass.
Could you barely wait until you were old enough to use your first and your middle name?
The children were not captured on the raid: the story was about a father who had his children (and, as I recall, his wife) wait in the family car while he went off to commit a robery.
Or, wait, maybe that's a Paraphrase.
Spanish has only one word for hope (esperar) but esperar also means ` wait ' and ` expect ,' and if the context is not clear the Spanish speaker will not know whether you are waiting for a bus, or expecting one, or simply hoping that one will come along eventually.
Philip Weinberg's EPISTOLA [ XVIII, 2] regarding the Russian word for railroad station in Bryson's English Know-How, No Problem [ XVIII, 4] deserves a comment: While loan words often undergo vast changes in meaning when introduced into a new language, the change from the whole to one of at least two of its parts (assuming there would have been a First Class waiting room for a Volksaal [ sic ] to make sense) in this case seemed too far-fetched.
There have been a lot of different translations of computer terms which are waiting for unification by the Chinese scholars on both sides of the Taiwan channel.
Factor in the 75 per cent renewal rate, and it can be seen that one must wait till the fourth year's renewal; although revenues from advertising and book sales improve that slightly, they are offset by the fact that we have recently begun paying all contributors
We still encounter similar impossibilities with amusing regularity in our adult lives, along with their exact opposites--signs which more than state the obvious, such as Ears pierced while you wait.
Please be patient with Wellerisms and their collectors [XXI,3], as I was patient with my grandpa when he said that years ago his teacher told him to sit in the front of the class for the present; he waited and waited and she never gave it to him.
Northerners were also amused at a Southern matriarch's saying to a tardy arrival at the dinner table, We've waited for you the way one pig waits for another.
You'll have to wait until 9:30.
Over 150 girls are currently waiting for a Big Sister.
Our problem now is how to teach him to go out and catch his own fish instead of waiting to catch Harry behind the aviary.
This incentive system means that each operator needs to have work-in-process waiting; if there is a machine breakdown or no work waiting, then the operator will be paid at some average earnings rate during the waiting period.
In tales collected in the Southwest, La Muerte is seen standing at streetlights, or waiting by a bridge or the side of the road.
Sometimes a waiting room needs to be a triumphal celebration of arrival and departure—sometimes it is just a waiting room.
Both Ramzi Yousef, who organized the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center, and Mir Amal Kansi, who in 1993 killed two CIA employees as they waited to go to work in Langley, Virginia, were the objects of relentless, uncompromising, and successful efforts to bring them back to the United States to stand trial for their crimes.
While Khallad was waiting for the letter from the clinic confirming the appointment, however, he was arrested by Yemeni authorities.
Clarke kept arguing that moves against the Taliban and al Qaeda should not have to wait months for a larger review of U.S. policy in South Asia."
As the summer approached, the lead operatives were settled in Florida and New Jersey, waiting for the rest of their contingent to join them.
Other civilians below the impact zone-mostly on floors in the 70s and 80s, but also on at least the 47th and 22nd floors-were either trapped or waiting for assistance.
Some remained to wait for help, as advised by 911 operators.
Just as in the North Tower, callers from below and above the impact zone were advised to remain where they were and wait for help.
Fourth, units parked further north on West Street, then proceeded south on foot and stopped at the overall FDNY command post on West Street, where in some cases they were told to wait.
Understanding the mechanism of the template/substrate commitment of the hepadnaviral reverse transcriptase may need to wait until a three-dimensional structure of the polymerase bound to a nucleic acid primer-template is obtained.
The interviews were conducted in consultant rooms, waiting halls and maternity wards of four hospitals (Del Nino, 20 De Octubre, San Gabriel and Obrero).
It's just like, yeah your pregnant, get in line, wait your turn."
Between 1990 and 1995, the organ transplant waiting list in the US more than doubled to over 43,000 patients [ 1].
By waiting until flies are young adults to activate gene overexpression, effects can be identified that are specific to adult aging.
But initially, most grantees thought that like many other projects begun by LSC, they only had to wait it out and it too would disappear into the ozone or Ethernet or wherever legal services ideas go to find their eternal rest.
6. Rhodes KV, Lauderdale DS, Stocking CB, Howes DS, Roizen MF, Levinson W. Better health while you wait: a controlled trial of a computer-based intervention for screening and health promotion in the emergency department.
We should not delay the public health and environmental benefits from reduction of these emissions while we wait for consensus to develop on CO2.
Because the customer is willing to wait and funding is never certain, an environment exists where program managers have good reasons to avoid the capture of knowledge and delay testing.
If official records were adequate, good quantitative measures of availability might be the number of low-income persons applying for housing relative to the number of units that met minimum standards and cost within 30 percent of household income or the number of persons on waiting lists for such housing and how long they had to wait.
Average length of time that a caller waits before being connected to the telephone agent.
All of the agencies can share the same reception area and client waiting room.
While the will to assist the low income population has not abated in Northern Colorado, those involved with federally funded legal services must wait to see who President Bush appoints to the board of the Legal Services Corp.
But never mind, news of the Justice Center - all the more important in the wake of Sept. 11, an event that left thousands more New Yorkers impoverished - would have to wait.
Unless, it waits until 2008 to shore up its base, volume declines
He stayed for only a few days but returned in 1502, landing here when the ships of his fleet became unserviceable; he waited at St. Ann’s Bay for help to arrive from Cuba.
Over the ages, the Japanese built everything of wood — and then waited fatalistically for them to burn down, collapse, or be blown away in one catastrophe or another, after which they commenced another cycle of rebuilding.
Audience participation is at fever pitch, with people yelling as their personal heroes enter: “We’ve waited for you! ”
You’ll find handsome polished cedarwood cups, bowls, trays, and masks — as well as kitsch renditions of the tame deer that loiter lazily around the island’s major tourist attractions, waiting (sometimes impatiently) for a free snack from yet another fascinated visitor.
The hectic operations of the fishing industry used to take place here right under the noses of vacationers, with a frenetic “bucket-brigade” hauling wicker baskets of fresh fish up from the boat holds to ice trays and waiting trucks, right next to dockside dining tables.
On New Providence and Grand Bahama this may not be much slower than at home, but on the Out Islands, time definitely runs more slowly, and nothing is so important that it can’t wait a while.
Stalls sell fresh conch salad and people sit and wait for the night’s sailing.
The boats that ply the route from Bangsal to the islands wait for a full load of 15 to 20 people.
All they could do was stare across the great expanse of ﬂat badlands to the east of the river and wait for the barbarians to arrive.
Predictably, Dadu received yet another name, Beiping (“Northern Peace”) but had to wait more than 50 years to win back its imperial status and a fresh name.
Its narrow steep streets are waiting to give up many secrets.
The easiest way to get to El Morro is to hire a taxi, which costs about US$15 roundtrip (the driver will wait for up to a couple hours while you explore the castle and even eat lunch).
This area, known as Storyville, became a legend in its own time, where the mixture of glamour, depravity, and color in the local brothels attracted almost every visiting celebrity, and where saloon drinkers, gamblers, and rakes waiting their turn could tap their feet to a developing style of music — jazz.
Buy them, then fly them; you won’t need to wait until you return home to enjoy this purchase.
Courts are so plentiful, you rarely have to wait to play.
