That money was then spent in a variety of ways, adding fuel to our thriving economy.
While I appreciate U.S. News & World Report's endorsement, the true value of your support is measured by the way Goodwill takes on problems that affect all of us.
On his way home, he shares the story with four people at a street corner.
We've found ways for people with disabilities to enter the workforce.
Michael Sims felt that way at age 39 -- the day he earned a job.
The savings are counted in more ways than dollars and cents, however.
Because Pleasant Run is the only "family" for so many, our Emancipation Fund is one way we can help a young person take the first steps into his or her new life as an independent and productive adult.
A United Way Agency
Jameson points the way for children who need that extra hand and I hope you'll continue your support this year.
Thank you again for helping point the way.
CCI is a federation of 13 neighborhood-based multi-service centers whose mission is to identify and meet the human service needs of residents throughout Marion County in the most effective, efficient and comprehensive way possible.
CCI has come a long way in the last five years.
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level, we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation.
CCI is a federation of 13 neighborhood-based multi-service centers (plus one affiliate) whose mission is to identify and meet the human service needs of the greater Indianapolis community in the most effective, efficient and comprehensive way possible.
We're asking for a contribution in the amount of because you can't got a better bang for your buck than to support an organization that impacts so many lives in so many ways.
This is the time of year when our thoughts turn to ways to do things differently, things that will make our lives better and improve the quality of our life.
We have met with a number of successes along the way, most notably the Summer Fun Line, the Metro Summer Bus Pass, and the development of ten neighborhood youth councils.
The 9th annual JCC Auction will benefit the numerous scholarship programs of the Jewish Community Center of Indianapolis, a United Way agency.
The 9th annual JCC Auction will benefit the numerous scholarship programs of the Jewish Community Center of Indianapolis, a United Way agency.
When young people don't have that support, they need other resources for encouragement to guide them along the way.
Mr. Caring Philanthropy 01234 Giving Way Contribution, USA 56789
If supplies are not reaching the people who need them, Hall said, he wanted to find out whether the United Nations or relief agencies needed to handle things differently, or whether "Iraq needs to get out of the way and let us do the job."
One way would be to speed up the flow of health supplies and other urgent commodities to the country under a U.N. humanitarian program, he said.
Publications that get all the way up to 20 will be faxed a likeness of Joseph Stalin.
Almost every assignment is a challenge in a different way and it never seems to get easier.
That's ironic, since I think it was just that insularity that helped them, much in the same way that AOL has benefited from being in the Virginia suburbs rather than in Silicon Valley.
Now I am getting way too philosophical, but this is my final missive, so why not?
The finding, if it holds up, says the Times , may lead to a simple way for airline travelers to fight jet lag.
Much has been made of the way famous wrongdoers (e.g.: Dick Morris, Marv Albert) rebound too quickly in our celebrity culture.
Indeed, as I have emphasized before, a biosphere is a self-consistent coconstruction of autonomous agents, ways of making a living, and the search procedures, mutation, recombination, as well as behavioral search open to autonomous agents.
I certainly want to say yes, without attributing consciousness in any way.
Like it or not, the glucose gradient is a sign, a predictor, of "more glucose that way."
If not, then the decoder merely transforms a bit string sent along a communication channel into some other discrete or continuous dynamicsperhaps a set of water-filled bowls is drained by turning on a machine that opens valves between the bowls and to the outside world in particular ways.
The inspector general of the Justice Department found significant problems in the way the 9/11 detainees were treated.
As they worked on defining the goals and objectives of the upcoming campaign, they considered a paper that went beyond al Qaeda to propose the "elimination of terrorism as a threat to our way of life," an aim that would include pursuing other international terrorist organizations in the Middle East.
The goal was the "elimination of terrorism as a threat to our way of life."
See if he's linked in any way."
And he saw this as one way of using this event as a way to deal with the Iraq problem."
And he saw this as one way of using this event as a way to deal with the Iraq problem."
The Knights of St. John, a holy military force, made their way to Rhodes and Kos in the Dodecanese.
So I think that's just the way everyone said muscat .”
Stream is often said not to be used in Australia except in metaphorical ways, normally being replaced by creek .
Gregory uses stream in the way normal in England; Giles consistently refers to gens in the hills of central Australia, though glen is not current (outside place-names) in contemporary Australian English.

But only rarely did they collaborate and, with few exceptions, their work was not correlated in a systematic way.
The way the program works is this: one uses the cursor to highlight a particular word for which synonyms are desired.
I am not sure why, but I expected the program to “network” in the same way.
Perhaps the Proximity people thought that they had got round that little problem by giving the same definition for each of the items in the list; but we know that only very rarely are two synonyms bi-unique (which is another way of saying that if A = B, B does not necessarily always equal A), an ineluctable fact of language.
I am interested in what Safire has to say about language but find myself stymied: I get the feeling that he has deliberately created a minefield of interruptions in thought through which I must pick my way to the end.
What is missing, for example, at square the circle , is the information that because the area of a circle is mathematically calculated using pi , which is irrational, there is no mathematical way of calculating the dimensions of a square with the same area as that of a given circle.
Often, an entry offers nothing in the way of etymology and merely explains the meaning.
Their task: To ask people on the street if certain well-known phrases from the Bible--not identified as such, of course--struck them as being in any way familiar; and, if the phrases were familiar, to ask the respondents to name the provenance.
UPN recently, imprudently, trimmed the word "McNasty" from the title of Shasta McNasty , rendering it a naked Shasta . Here's a way for them to boost their ratings, repair their grievous show-naming error, and still save face: "Gore/Bradley McNasty Smackdown!"
Despite all the budget euphoria swirling about, business writer Allan Sloan uses his WP column to point out a familiar but forgotten fact: There is no surplus if you eschew "fedmath" and instead calculate assets and liabilities the way a business does, i.e., not letting the government's pension system, Social Security, be used to draw down the deficit.
On the way, it’s worth a stop at the China Tea Museum, a recently expanded attraction with displays of ceremonial tea implements and its own model teahouses.
She's in some ways poignant, in some ways horrifying, and an ur-representation of all our cultural contradictions about women and power.
The AP story about the deal in USA TODAY makes it clear that consolidation is good for business in all kinds of ways, explaining that if it falls through, Lockheed nonetheless collects a $200 million breakup fee.
flash in the pan This phrase sounds as if it derives from the way that prospectors pan rivers for gold.
Although highly unlikely, it's possible, we suppose, that all these distinguished publications repeatedly misheard the same individual in the same way, although he has no speech impediment that we know of.
The abbey that today stands in ruin at the southern tip of Burgundy ruled its medieval world the way Louis XIV’s Versailles dominated 17th-century France.
But somewhere along the way, they've--we've--also lost all patience for kids.
Shuman also makes the totally unsubstantiated (and untrue) claims that there is very little in the way of application software for Linux and that very few people use it: The latest estimates of the number of Linux users run into the millions--how can that be "so few"?
Tours usually stop along the way at one of the area’s cave houses, where residents are happy to show off their hand-dug quarters.
XML vocabularies define their own tags, and thus use XML to hold information in a way such that that information can be understood.
Such an approach provided a powerful way to associate genes with traits of interest, to identify key regulators as putative target genes in this complicated biological process, and a potential method to identify strategies for improvement of crop yield and nutrient value by pathway engineering.
[but] there's some passion in the action, a lilt to the chases, a fluid lyricism in the way the beasts move across hapless humans who cross their paths" (Joe Morgenstern, the Wall Street Journal ). (See David Edelstein's review in Slate and The Lost World site.)
Point 1: Ladenson would have a much stronger case if America's universities and colleges used a single announced criterion for admission and never varied from it, the way New York City's two true meritocracies, Bronx High School of Science and Stuyvesant High School, do--they only admit students who score well on Bronx Science's or Stuyvesant's own tests.
A good way to remember the difference between slang and jargon is that jargon serves to indicate a referent, usually with great precision, while slang characterizes and often makes light of what is referred to, and nonslang synonyms are almost always readily available.
This fascination crops up in the book in a number of ways, which will seem thought-provoking or irritating, depending on taste.
Women serve on submarines in the navies of other nations, including those of Australia, Norway, and Sweden, but there is much opposition within the U.S. submarine service to altering the current policy: "I only know one way, the way I was brought up," said Cmdr.
So many Modernist breakthroughs involved the visual dismantling of a woman--Picasso's Demoiselles d'Avignon (1907) on the second floor of MoMA, de Kooning's Woman, I (1950-51) on the third--that it should come as no surprise that Léger began the same way, with his systematically fragmented Woman in Blue (1912), the first piece in the exhibition.
Belief in the evil eye or that someone can harm another by looking at him or her in a certain way is found all over the world.
Chicago's revenues also suffer from the way undergraduates are taught at Chicago--in small, participatory seminars led by full faculty members.
"To backpedal in any way would result in more demands from all sides for more renegotiation, put the deal as a whole in jeopardy, and must not be countenanced," it said.
Others include the Parque Las Aguilas, Los Cristianos, Arona (Tenerife), which as the name implies, has an eagle show, all kinds of other birds and animals, and the new JungleRaid where kids of all ages can work their way through all kinds of obstacles.
That doesn't mean eBay's stock won't go up (or down) from here, especially since volatility is now a way of life for Nasdaq stocks.
United Way agencies are there for everyone--you, your family, your friends, and your employees.
Or, the replacement rate considered to be adequate can be computed in a more sophisticated way, netting out Social Security taxes, other taxes, or working expenses that will not be paid in retirement.
I don't want to come right out and say, "It's none of your business what happened between your husband and me when we were 18," and I guess I am looking for a nice way to say MYOB.
There's a bit of the "strange new respect" phenomenon in the way journalists respond to these positions.
] I looked upAt a bald, toothless gnome in swaddling clothesOn his way back to the fountain for more bad news.Something in his bowlegged walk--perhaps the wearyRoutine of it--made me think of the saint again,
(This sounds more cynical than it is; one way to so convince Congress is to speak to their sense of justice as well as to their pocketbook.)
To do this correctly, the aligned query sequence has to be bootstrap resampled in exactly the same way as was used for precalculating the pairwise distances of the Pfam alignment.
(She's a bad person to have mad at you, by the way.)
The train passes smart residential houses on its way to the terminus and park of Sváb-hegy.
Gay rights activists deemed it a triumph of "our common humanity" that paves the way for similar rights nationally.
Just a few kilometers to the east, traditional Mexican farming life goes its unhurried way up steep mountain roads where views can be superb and well worth the extra drive.
There are no guarantees, of course, about how differences will play out, so all you can do is try to look ahead and imagine if you both will adopt the other's ways, carry on comfortably with distinct approaches, or wind up killing each other.
Here is a woman whose husband has been caught misappropriating funds, who must find a way to repay $274,000 within days.
In this way, each point indicates the head of a vector that summarizes the phase for a particular specimen.
The town, we can surmise from this, has come a long way.
By the way, if not showing up in gossip columns or fashion magazines makes me, or my colleagues, "distinctly unfamous," I'll wear that title proudly.
There is really no gracious way to receive a pie in the face ...
Hype derives from hyperbole , and when it came into use in the '60s, it was used, in much the way overhyped is used today, to refer to something praised far in excess of its value ("Sergeant Pepper has been hyped as a masterpiece, but the fact is, most of the songs on it aren't of the first rank").
Bay Tours are very popular in every coastal destination from Puerto Vallarta down to Huatulco, and are also an excellent way to get your bearings, from the vantage point of the waters offshore.
If owners get their way, the grounds of the defunct Trojan nuclear plant in Rainier, Ore., may become a new state park, according to an AP story in the Post .
But either way, somebody's going to be mad.
Many retreated into the hills to make their own way, the forefathers of today’s small-scale, self-sufficient farmers.
"If I had had an affair with Newt Gingrich, I would have ended up on the Ways and Means Committee," she retorts.
"I don't ever want you to feel that way
13 Table 2.2: Complexity of Questions 18 Table 2.3: Methods of Obtaining Description 20 and Analysis in Case Studies Table 2.4: Some Common Benefits Expected 24 From Case Study Evaluations Table 2.5: Instance Selection in Case Studies 27 Table 2.6: Hypothetical Data on Instance 30Selection Table 3.1: Illustrative Case Studies 38 Table 3.2: Exploratory Case Studies 42 Table 3.3: Critical Instance Case Studies 48 Table 3.4: Program Implementation Case 51Studies Table 3.5: Illustration of Differences in 53Note-Taking Table 3.6: Program Effects Case Studies 56 Table 3.7: Cumulative Case Studies 59 Table 3.8: Some Design Decisions in Case 61Study Methods Table 4.1: Ways of Analyzing Case Study 69Data Table 5.1: Some Common Pitfalls in Case 81Study Evaluation Table I.1: Criteria of Good Research 88 Table I.2: Evaluation Adaptations of the 103Research Case Study Table II.I: Hypothetical Data on Unfiled 107 Corporate Income Tax Returns for 1986 State Income Tax Returns
Judges, however, claim merely to be interpreting words and phrases in statutes either in the same way that anyone else would or in a way that effectuates the legislature's intent.
In a way, it's the album she's been working up to for years.
That way they won’t stick to one another in below-freezing temperatures.
(This does not apply to British pupils forced to learn French by rote in mediocre schools and vice versa, nor to Asians learning English in the same way, for that matter.)
So let us note: James Joyce's novel is Finnegans Wake (1939), not “Finnegan's,” E. M. Forster's is Howards End (1910) (another house name, by the way), not “Howard's,” and, a potential double delusion, Shakespeare's famous play is Love's Labour's Lost (1598), with two apostrophes.
As a critic wrote somewhere last year, reading a Snooze article rather like being buttonholed by a retired admiral with way too much time on his hands.
Presumably, many trans effects percolate into much or all of the genome in very small ways; some of these effects may be overwhelmed by systematic error induced by the technology, but most should be detectable with sufficient replication.
In this way Gross hopes to make back his costs and then some.
Steps lead up Way of the Cross to the fortified church of Santuari de Sant Salvador, where you are rewarded with a fine view of the town, hills, and coast.
Near the end, having brought out in a scene you've described that no amount of money will ever be enough for Clark, Lewis concludes with a poignant but still opaque image that "the best and most lasting motive for wanting to change the way things are is to be unhappy with the way things are.
Maybe the best way to portray a character like Clare Boothe Luce would be to transport her to fiction.
Data from each RNA sample size group were exported and each probe set analyzed in the following ways:
16 Program Letter 1995-1 directed LSC recipients to develop plans to stretch scarce federal dollars in the most effective, efficient ways possible.
Branch's King is a theologian for the American way.
This is bad in two different ways.
The in-between spin: Canceling the visit offered both sides a graceful way to avoid a face-to-face fight over Kosovo.
A global way of using SE in hierarchical clustering is to resample or bootstrap [ 8] the whole 'gene by sample' data matrix and redo the clustering, then investigate the overall properties emerging from this repertoire of clustering trees.
Given this paucity of bad-news material to work with, it's understandable that Bennett would be tempted to find some way to move the goalposts he set down in 1994.
It was a brilliant re-imagining of the way the economy worked, one that received quick acceptance from the brightest young economists of the time.
Microsoft in The Microsoft Way is a benign, friendly company that succeeded in spite of itself.
They named him "Spiderman" because of the way Miyares clung to the walls and blindly felt his way along the VA's Western Blind Rehabilitation Center (WBRC) at Palo Alto, California.
For much of the piece Maslin seemed to criticize the way films like A Handful of Dust distorted the novels they set out to adapt, the way they reeked of snobbery and voyeurism, the way they substituted rarified Ralph Lauren décors for content.
"Finding out the hard way about Washington's new 10 foot buffer law."
Do you hold any stocks or shares in an organization that may in any way gain or lose financially from the publication of this paper?
There is another, complementary, way of thinking about expression profiles, or more generally, about multivariate statistical data [ 17].
As a spur to improvements in the system, given the slow pace of top-down efforts at reform, it seems worth trying out in different ways, but it shouldn't be considered a cure-all, especially for the worst-off schools.
plink-plink-plinkplinkPLINK is enough to make you cry, but not the way the filmmaker intended.
If the private sector does not devise ways to sell, and so limit, use of the Net, the government will surely find a way to tax it.
Another way to shift work to the private sector is through contracts with suppliers.
Changing the Way We Do Business: Certainty, Flexibility, Accountability and Innovation 
If this is the way it is, Hillary has used her husband for the sake of her own career as much as he has used her to advance his.
West is self-made intellectual who found Kierkegaard in a bookmobile, was influenced by the Black Panthers as a teen-ager, and found his way to Karl Barth and John Dewey.
ƒProviding good benefits packages and building core competencies are other ways of attracting, stimulating, and retaining IT workers¬ especially among today's Δself-preservation-minded generation-Xers.
In short, cells may feel their way into the adjacent possible by quantum superpositions of many simultaneous quantum possibilities, which decohere to generate specific classical choices.
Bombardier suggested that in addition to evaluation, this research should develop ways to mitigate legal, privacy, and confidentiality problems associated with screening and treatment.
Unpaired Student's t tests were used where appropriate in comparing two group responses and a one way ANOVA test was used when comparing responses of three or more groups (p < 0.05 considered statistically significant).
Cixi has been blamed ever since for her profligate and selfish ways, combined with her Machiavellian rise from concubine to Empress, popularly held to be the cause of China’s weakness and the fall of the last dynasty.
This regulatory genomic response of the enterocyte would result in an increase in the brush border membrane content of CaT1 calcium influx channels that could function as a gatekeeper mechanism to augment the rate of calcium entry across the apical membrane [ 9 ] . However, given that there is a Ca-dependent negative feedback mechanism to limit calcium entry through the channel by maintaining the channel in the closed position [ 14 15 ] there must be a way to remove calcium from the vicinity of the cytosolic face of the channel to optimize and sustain calcium influx rates.
I look forward to reading his future nitpickings; I just hope that somewhere along the way he develops a sense of humor.
These Western states introduced video gambling in the late '80s and early '90s for one reason: It is a stupendously effective way of parting citizens from their money.
Inflation, by definition, occurs when the government increases the money supply faster than the real growth of the economy, because this increase is the only way more money can become available to chase the same number of goods.
Melaka’s Baba Nyonya Chinese quarter (see page 76) is a great place to hunt and bargain for old porcelain imported from southern China, antique silver or jade bracelets, and, if you can find a way of shipping it home, a piece of furniture from the colonial days.
Inosine mimics guanosine (G) in its base-pairing properties, and the translational machinery of the cell interprets I as G. In this way, an A-to-I conversion in the mRNA can alter the genetic information and, consequently, protein function.
Do you know any other good ways of asking such a question in English?
Gaddis' answer, of course, is that the game was under way by then: The heirs of Truman and Stalin were condemned to play by Cold War rules.
Without some such test, there is simply no way to know whether discrimination is a credible hypothesis.
There is one in a busy American street which reads TURTLES CROSSING--they are on their way to lay their eggs.
Don't pretend not to understand me, the way those robots do when they follow me around.
As we work our way through the amendments, from the Thirteenth to the Twenty-Seventh, we shall also see a countervailing principle at work.
That time has passed ("way passed,'' as my 17-year-old-stepson-to-be-would put it).
In the New York Review of Books , Louis Menand suggests the filmmakers "went out of their way to remake Althea Flynt" as a way to award Hustler a place it doesn't deserve in the sexual revolution.
Although unified budget surpluses increase national saving available for private investment, increasing federal spending on infrastructure, if properly designed and administered, can be another way to increase national saving and investment.
"… I wanted the lords of the first and second class to know my compliance was grudging and in no way implied respect for them."
Although I suppose British voters don't see it that way, or they wouldn't have delivered the Tories (your guys, as I remember) such a smashing defeat.
Ways to establish and maintain a statewide equal access committee.
The media is going to beat it to death until he finally has to just say one way or the other."
The WP 's internatioal lead says Bosnian elections didn't go the way Western officials had hoped.
No matter how the measurements are taken, most people being measured in this way have a difficult time standing up straight and holding in their stomachs.
But the real issue is that BookScan misses the point: Book industry people don't want a single compilation of what's really selling best throughout the country; they want a variety of lists that break down sales figures in ways beneficial to them.
A few of these students befriend their senators, or find some other way to become federal judges; by that time, they have internalized what Scalia calls the "common-law attitude," and they become a dangerous lot.
It strikes me, by the way, that you have given yourself the heads-I-win-tails-you-lose position.
"Repartitioned" is a fancy way of saying "divided."
Sportswriters exulted that Lewis finally got what he deserved . But skeptics said that scoring discrepancies revealed "something less than a definitive way of judging a bout."
Thus Amar's better way of getting confessions might also produce less truth than the current approach does.
(Prudie, in fact, refers to her starter husband that way.)
In the post-Soviet chaos, youngsters found more ways to duck conscription, and the quality of the average soldier plummeted.
There is but one way out for you.
The town, settled by refugees from the American Revolution in 1792 and briefly capital of Upper Canada, jealously preserves an image of a “British” way of life revisited by North American nostalgia.
It's a sendup of the old model, but in a different way than, say, Hustler was, and the difference (surprise) reflects the sexual culture of the '90s.
, 468 U. S. 364, 396-397 (1984), says nothing whatever about "using the forum [of public radio] in an unconventional way to suppress speech inherent in the nature of the medium," ante, at 8-9.
In general, after all, the best remedy for poverty, and the best way to lift people into the middle class, is not income redistribution but rather economic growth.
When the film begins, in the early '30s, he (played by Tim Roth) is a white Prohibition beer baron who has muscled his way into the neighborhood numbers racket, shutting down competitors or forcing them to join his operation.
Praise goes to Georges Du Fresne, the child actor "who seems, in some prodigious way, to understand" his character (Stanley Kauffmann, the New Republic ). Dissenting, the Wall Street Journal 's Joe Morgenstern says the movie is cloying, "cheerful nonsense" and that its creators don't realize that "this kid is profoundly troubled."
Currently, ovarian biopsy is the only way to diagnose autoimmune premature ovarian failure with certainty.
"For the first time in my life, I've found a way of eating that works."
Traditionally a poor island, the native population has happily embraced the new seasonal lifestyle that has brought them prosperity, and the old ways have almost completely disappeared.
By the way, if there is a single company whose achievements the testing panel honored, it would be Anheuser-Busch . From its brewing tanks came two of the double-crown winners of the taste tests: plain old Busch , the Taste-o-meter and Snob-o-meter victor of Round 1, and Michelob Hefeweizen , the preference-point and Val-u-meter winner this time.
Rand Memorial Nature Centre, on 100 acres of land on East Settlers Way to the east of Freeport, is used as a resource for students on the island, but there’s nothing dry and academic about it.
The current show at the Metropolitan Museum's Costume Institute concentrates on 20 th -century garments bearing words, letters, and numbers in various ways.
In recent years, however, the push towards creating a smaller, more results oriented government has intensified the urgency to find ways to do more with less.
The way the program works is this: one uses the cursor to highlight a particular word for which synonyms are desired.
A long, related story lists the ways that governments hype exports (exchange-rate manipulation, subsidized R&D, trade missions, etc.), and bemoans their proliferation.
I say this not to congratulate myself (well, not merely to congratulate myself) but to ask why St. Martin's Press, which announced yesterday that it was "suspending" publication of the book, was unable to make a similar determination before shipping 70,000 copies to book stores--copies that it has so far not recalled, by the way.
It's just that I fear that too much in the way of high-end yammering about The Sopranos and its profound meaning will cause a backlash against the show.
One cannot easily translate these pejorative suffixes into English: they are a malignly ingenious way of turning an otherwise perfectly inoffensive name into an inherently insulting one, of saying James , for instance, in such a sneering way that no add-on adjectives are needed to convey your obvious but unspecified disdain.
The stories don't mention whether or not Albright and company were influenced by or mentioned to the president this week's New Yorker story by Seymour Hersh arguing that Pollard's intelligence take made its way to the Soviet Union.
He is so excitable that I have to yank him out of the way of an oncoming car when he gets too wrapped up in one of his soliloquies.
By the way, I disobeyed you.
If there is any way I can be of assistance, just let me know.
To garden in this way is to copy the spirit of nature, not its letter.
So I've been doing this now for (gulp!) 17 years, and while I've never had another story that gave me quite that same jolt, I've never stopped feeling that way about business.
By the same token it succeeds in floodlighting the protean ways gender is characterized in texts.
In the early 1980s, he published an exceptional book on management theory, High Output Management , which combined a sophisticated discussion of the way companies should be organized, with a surprisingly convincing analysis of how to evaluate and motivate workers.
When carriers deliver to only a small number of stops on a route they tend to cover the route in a way more similar to a "traveling salesman" than following a fixed route past every stop.
The most important way to express that approval is through a financial contribution to support the work of the International Committee.
Ultimately, I decided to write the piece, and a few details about John and me found their way into the text.
Approaching the acquisition this way will lessen, but not eliminate, the risk that an agency may select an alternative that does not fully meet user requirements or that is unnecessarily complex and expensive.
Yates has held the esteem and affection of the people he has represented for half a century by thinking about their good in a more elevated way.
But throughout history, others haven't seen it that way, and past nominees for the Antichrist have included Nero, Napoleon, Hitler, and good ol' Mikhail Gorbachev, with his "mark of the beast" forehead.
Some economists describe it this way: No one leaves $500 bills lying on the street.
Though it lacks the simple, geometric form of Sapper's pot and those of many of its competitors, it is unified in a subtler way.
North American friends rightly regard as archaic my use of fortnight , this word being a survival of the old way of reckoning two weeks, by using fourteen-night.
The information, however, only flows one way: Banks are prohibited from disclosing to customers that they tattled to the government, and an act of Congress shields financial institutions from liability suits.
And there's a funny moment, halfway across the Atlantic, when the captain gets the news by computer that @Home has just bought Excite, and the crew goes on about stocks and taxes the way the athletes in those Schwab ads currently on TV talk about p/e ratios.
You can't argue with that; lives there the tourist with soul so dead that he does not wish that he could visit rural France, or Mexico City, or for that matter Kansas City the way they were, rather than the way they are?
There is a winding path to the top known as Gui Jian Chou (“Even the Devil is Terrified”) as well as a chair lift (20 minutes each way).
Perhaps Brill's Content will devote a future article to explaining why it so often just seems to turn out that way.
"Having [good] genes is still the way to go!"
.] He guided her into an adjoining study, holding a slice of pizza in his free hand, and said, in the warm, caring way she'd always admired, "I need someone like you in times like these."
Phorbol esters are often used as activators of PKC to investigate the role of the kinase in cellular functions [ 1 ] . Accumulating lines of evidence indicates that PMA plays a complex role in regulation of cellular function, including PKC-dependent [ 18 19 20 ] and PKC-independent ways [ 23 24 21 ] . In the present results, PMA inhibited slow membrane depolarization and action potentials in response to glucose stimulation (Fig.
Here the capital’s 200,000 people of the Hui minority — largely indistinguishable from Beijing’s Han Chinese majority — practice many of the ways of Islam, which arrived in China from the far western regions of the Silk Road during the Tang Dynasty (618–907).
For example, (2) and (3) progvide ways around the necessities (1) asserts, on its reprective historical and admonitory interpretations.
A good case study explicitly identifies alternative explanations, lays out the chain of reasoning, and makes clear which conclusions rest primarily on the investigators' insightful recognition of patterns of evidence and which have been recognized in other ways.
The way he shoots the music here is tender and uninsistent; the camera floats past the tables of listeners until it comes to Emmet and his wonderfully pickled look of concentration.
Believing the patient's self report is the best way to assess it.
I think if you look at the most recent poll in New Hampshire, you'll see it that way."
The United States has got to be careful not to strut its stuff in ways that might disincline other countries from cooperating with it.
4. Most Shameless (and Unsuccessful) Attempt To Have It Both Ways in 1999 :
A well-constructed clue comprises only words necessary for conveying, in a deceptive way, the information solvers require to find the answer.
There are many ways to become involved with the Indianapolis Zoo and White River Gardens.
No way, the lawyer said.
Gifts to United Way helped provide shelter, medical care, counseling and job placement to end his homelessness.
Support at this level is assisting the dental school in a variety of ways.
A return to exorcism may be excessive, but there is plenty of evidence that children are hardier than previously thought (see, for instance, this essay by Judith Rich Harris, or read her book The Nurture Assumption: Why Children Turn Out the Way They Do ).
He makes a fatal miscalculation: The initial murders are so horrifying in their plainness that when the movie takes the gentlemanly way out and refuses to provide a cathartic bloodbath, the audience feels burned.
The way in which Social Security is reformed will influence both the magnitude and timing of any increase in national saving.
Simply doing business with lean retailers in no way confers competitive success.
It's a dumb person's way of seeming smart.
There's no way Bush could be sure that someone with actual evidence wouldn't come forward.
In any case, I am not mentioning the name of this couple so the United Way people won't waylay them on their way to dinner.
Here's another way to accomplish the same thing.
By the same token, the sober observer of language ought not allow his emotions to get in the way of his cool evaluation of the facts (as he sees them), and a label like Illiterate has pejorative overtones and undertones inappropriate to the detached, scholarly view.
The employer and employee contributions are generally calculated in the same way; the employer entity contribution is not earned by the social insurance program; and the benefits are generally calculated in the same way.
He believes an intelligence is the ability to "solve problems or create products" in a way that society values--that having it must have conferred an evolutionary advantage to us, and that there is biological evidence for it.
Having It Both Ways
For instance, he predicted that more and more public outcomes would be determined by government technocrats rather than the market (the way things are, say, in France).
The best way to visit the Mount of Olives is to start at the top and work your way down.
The OED is concerned about being in the family way , the natural consequences of a satisfactory family life, but not about the family life itself.
While that may be fine for football, it sure is a bizarre way to run a country.
If so, tryptophan concentrations in cellular microenvironments might play a critical role in modulating various cellular processes in a way that cannot be achieved by the hepatic enzyme TDO which regulates systemic tryptophan concentrations.
The famous are depicted in ways designed to reinforce our warmest feelings about them.
4) Bill Gates will not have you killed . By the way, e-mail delivery of Slate makes a marvelous Christmas present.
Through this same industrial area runs the Sacred Way that linked Athens with the city of Eleusis.
Corporations and unions, however, have become adept at devising ways to help their favored candidates that stop just short of "express advocacy."
Service might even benefit the president in the way he cares most about.
I agree with Jacob Weisberg's "Not Just Talk" that a national conversation on race that focused on ways of lessening de facto segregation would be a good thing.
Which means that in the diaspora, Chineseness is not a more authentic way of being; it is just a decision to act Chinese.
It is judicial humility--judges have no access to transcendent moral truth--that leads Posner to economics as a way to cut through legal indeterminacy.
Elsewhere, groups of lawyers have come up with innovative ways to reach people in need of legal help.
But the more interesting aspect of Rudy Giuliani's latest attempt to bring order to our fair city was the way it showcased how little parking there is in New York.
The welfare effects on the mailers who shift are calculated in the same way as in the above section on profits.
Every person who traveled across the Atlantic from Spain would enter through this narrow passage — many would make their way directly to the Cathedral to give thanks for a safe arrival — and all goods were transported through here.
By way of reassuring that his outfit has really changed, Tailhook's president tells the Times , "We've had color coordination seminars for the wives.
Sometimes this is a good way to defuse radicalism which would otherwise be hard to answer.
Very useful in its way no doubt, but rather limiting to someone of scholarly disposition.
...Was it courteous to refer to black South Carolinians in a way I can't describe?"
He says that Verner, Liipfert agreed to take on tobacco clients only after being persuaded that they were ready to mend their ways, and that a global settlement would serve the common good.
A front page WP report explores the way health-related charities rely on media buzz to generate private donations and government funding.
When young people don't have that support, they need other resources for encouragement to guide them along the way.
The way you describe your life is starting to sound glamorous to me.
One way analysis of variance with the Scheffe test was used to test significance of differences between groups.
The most feared (in a good-natured, humorous way) teen news--other than the startlingly high number of "your child was killed in a car crash" (in a lighthearted, frolicsome way)--was this: Your adolescent is enjoying sex and drugs.
ii Program Letter 1995-1 directed LSC recipients to develop plans to stretch scarce federal dollars in the most effective, efficient ways possible.
As with its reporting on the original Indian announcement of the tests last week, the Times captures the national pride they have inspired, a feeling the paper likens to the way we felt about our original astronauts.
By the way, drugs is bad.
Put it this way: Lundgren kickboxes; Carradine studies tai chi--those slow-motion exercises that old people do in the park.
Our overall objective was to determine whether best practices offer methods to improve the way DOD ensures that the design is stable early in the development process and whether having manufacturing processes in control before production results in better cost, schedule, and quality outcomes in DOD major acquisition programs.
Perhaps the apology tour was Clinton's way of manufacturing "moral parity" with the great Nelson Mandela, muses Hume.
The Catholic Church's scruples about intercommunion cut both ways: The Republic of Ireland's President Mary McAleese, a Catholic, was lectured by the hierarchy after she took Communion at an Anglican cathedral in Dublin.
The American Civil Liberties Union and other advocacy groups mourn the effects of the Prison Litigation Reform Act, saying that it leaves no way to prevent prisons from backsliding into the inhumane conditions that warranted judiciary intervention.
It disturbs me the same way I am always disturbed when my dinner entree is depicted on a menu as a smiling cartoon sailor dancing the hornpipe.
Amajority of the commentariat thinks that HMO reform strikes a chord with voters in a way that tobacco and campaign finance reform did not.
The most direct way for Social Security to affect future prosperity (as Aaron pointed out in the "Committee") is to increase national savings, of which the Social Security reserve is part, by trimming benefits and/or increasing revenues.
Soderbergh messes up its surface the way an artist hacks at a canvas with an X-acto blade, reshuffling footage in a way that, ultimately, dovetails with both the solution to the movie's mystery and to its larger themes.
As for pronunciation, just say it the way you see it.
They reasserted their rights in the insurrection of July 1830 — the kind of liberal revolution they would have preferred back in 1789 — paving the way for the “bourgeois monarchy” of Louis-Philippe.
The writer Bill McKibben begins his meditation on television and nature, The Age of Missing Information , by describing a duck gliding around a pond, contrasting a morning spent watching its languorous motion with the rat-tat-tat of images and data on more than 100 cable TV channels--images that, he argues, carry far less information about the way the world works than the back-and-forth of that lone quacker.
The Wall Street Journal "Tax Report" notes that although the Alternative Minimum Tax was originally designed to ensure that most upper-income taxpayers fork over at least some tax, if it isn't changed in any way, in the year 2007 it will apply to 8.4 million taxpayers, including many in the middle class.
The fit was nice and loose, the way my wife likes it.
Still, the historian in me applauds the widespread availability of primary documents, and the media critic in me notes that the New York Times has no interest in calling attention to the way that it covered (or rather didn't cover) the Watergate saga.
But the opening weekend--which, to be fair, has always been disproportionately important in shaping the way studios handle films--is now of such importance that throwing away the money that could have been made on Friday in order to make the weekend look better somehow seems logical.
The ability to gather, transmit, and use information regarding sales at the cash register has created a new way of offering products to customers.
This situation may occur if the reaction being catalyzed is not very demanding, or if the product of the reaction does not contribute to the fitness of the organism in an important way.
The Los Angeles Times leads with the situation on the Russian space station Mir, the New York Times goes with the push for new ways to keep sex offenders away from the rest of us even after they've done their time, and the Washington Post chooses a review of the Supreme Court's just-concluded term.
Reducing the twenty-one letters of master of ceremonies to the two-letter M.C. in no way represents a 300% reduction in letter-load.
"But they draft the applications in a way to say that these facts meet the requirements, and by the time the application reaches the court, it is unlikely that the court really gets to notice deficiencies."
The analogy to an investment with a rate of return is only one way to think about Social Security, and not necessarily the best.
By the way, I'm not your host; I'm just the guy who camps here year-round.
5 The rationale for the Court’s intervention was an obscure provision on “direct” and “indirect” taxes in the Constitution of 1787 that had gotten in the way of the new vision of government.
By the way, I think it needs to be said that Damien Hirst isn't nearly as dangerous as Mayor Giuliani.
The usual approach to decide PPS is to first determine whether the disease has limited the ability to work or ambulate (left side), and then work one's way across the table.
All words have spin: There is no strictly neutral or value-free way of saying anything.
It’s an extraordinary place filled with great art works which are displayed idiosyncratically in often (for the time) innovative ways.
Because the specification provides a way to produce a self-describing file, it would be a simple matter to port the data from TMA files into virtually any commercial or open source database.
What it boils down to is whether we need to replace the Hand-Holmes-Brandeis way of maximizing the benefits of free speech in a democratic society, which tries to push the state as far out of the picture as possible, with a different way, which tries to get the state farther into the picture.
It ought to be self-evident from the subject matter that those who are squeamish about seeing “naughty” words in print should avoid reading the book, which is a longish monograph--the best and most comprehensive I have seen--analyzing the ways in which English speakers deal with taboo words.
Running all the way from Plaza de Armas to Parque Central, the pedestrian-only Calle Obispo is Old Havana’s most important thoroughfare.
The Harris book ( The Nurture Assumption: Why Children Turn Out the Way They Do , by Judith Rich Harris) suggests that parents contribute nothing to the development of their children.
Of course, no student that I have ever seen—including at Oxford—dresses that way.
In a type-2 situation, the mailer/competitor achieves the workshared result but does the work in a different way from the way the postal service would do it.
Case studies such as these are well accepted as a valid way of amplifying a more systematic presentation via the realism and vividness of anecdotal information.
The area now generally referred to as Albufeira encompasses the coast from beyond Galé in the west all the way to Praia da Falésia, just before a marginally distinct resort area begins at Vilamoura.
Meanwhile, the CEO of another company, Advanced Cell Technology, testified that by putting the nucleus of an adult human cell into a cow's gutted egg cell, his researchers had converted it into an embryonic human cell, which presumably could be manipulated in the same way.
What dissatisfied me about today's otherwise excellent Journal piece was the way it toggled between haves, have-somes, and have-nots, without acknowledging that riskiness is attractive to each group for very different reasons.
By day you’ll have to pick your way across the beach through a sea of tightly packed bodies — despite the inconveniences, Platja de Palma is an outstanding long (4.
That is the surefire way for her to know you are not stalking her.
I didn't mean to suggest I had a better way of making The Green Mile . I don't think it's a critic's job to tell filmmakers how to do theirs.
All agree that the Republican leadership was suckered into supporting it by high-pressure lobbying and poll results, mistakenly believing that this was the way to win Hispanic voters.
I am not sure why, but I expected the program to “network” in the same way.
English, in turn, made its impact on Indian languages in two ways: crossbreeding with Indian words to produce unique amalgamations; and lending words and expressions to Indian languages.
AS YOU CAN SEE, INVESTING IN UNITED WAY OF CENTRAL INDIANA MAKES GOOD BUSINESS SENSE.
Restricting LSC attorneys in advising their clients and in presenting arguments and analyses to the courts distorts the legal system by altering the traditional role of the attorneys in much the same way broadcast systems or student publication networks were changed in the limited forum cases we have cited.
One of the ways we get physicians to do this is to get JCAHO to require it.
Strategic information management would lead to systems that would better provide federal agencies the data they need in considering ways to realign their processes, reduce costs, improve program effectiveness, and ensure consistent results with a less bureaucratic organization.
EACH YEAR, UNITED WAY OF CENTRAL INDIANA AGENCIES HELP MORE THAN 200,000 PEOPLE in Boone, Hamilton, Hancock, Hendricks, Marion, and Morgan counties.
You can look at it in an evolutionist kind of way and say that suffering is the stimulus to adaptation and there is no reason to foresee an end to adaptation, or if the adaptation of humans is complete, they will have ceased to be humans.
But there was an earlier sense in that, for as little time as a decade, it has been shown to have been used in Australia, still as a pejorative term but with much less definition, more as a label for someone who is in some way disruptive of social mores, a public nuisance whose field of activity was left open.
An easy way to do this would be to enforce strict limits on the percentage of voucher tenants allowed in any one building.
Also, the preceding comments leveled against coverage of American English should in no way affect those who care little about how Americans use the language, for, in many respects, the NSOED is simply a superior dictionary.
The anomaly of this prodigal use of language that would once have been generally regarded as unacceptably obscene is that, even today, it in no way coincides with the usage of the great majority of the audience--any more than did the excessive puritanism of the old production code.
I don't do any independent investigation of the veracity of the tabloid stories, I just let them speak for themselves, in all their ludicrous glory--hopefully in a way that's as amusing as the tabs themselves.
Along the way, Neal had married or maybe just kidnapped a Scandinavian-extracted girl from Kenosha named Inga.
"It's the Bland Boys almost all the way" (Amy Taubin, the Village Voice ). (A trailer is available here.)
Although one may disagree with the ham-fisted way in which smokers were evicted from restaurants, people like me with sensitive noses appreciate the result.
At the subcommittee hearing, the key Justice Department officials testified that the White House was not involved in the settlement with the Laborers in any way.
Here you’ll find bookshops, boutiques, and another shopping complex, this one built on the site of the Royal Hibernian Hotel and naturally called the Royal Hibernian Way.
In this way, clones would not fall into separate clusters simply because of ecotypic differences, different putative transcription start sites or sequencing errors.
Although I don't have any systematic data on this, I suspect that the trend that Landsburg describes would be amplified in the following way: if you read in the newspaper about a theory that has been published in a prestigious scientific journal, it is even more likely to be wrong than an article that is published in a prestigious scientific journal that is not widely reported.
One way to facilitate the receipt of informed public comments is to permit electronic access to regulatory supporting materials, such as economic analyses and the comments of others.
This consideration of the varying ways in which the physiological features of brows, lids, and lashes are perceived in some languages, despite their possibility of being objectively observed, is part of the larger question of how the parts of the body are named.
There are just too many ways for shoppers to undermine the data-collection process.
America, after all, elected Nixon--and not despite the paranoia and dread that runs through this book but, in some ways, because of it.
And anyway, a guy who knows how to treat his mother well is way sexier than a guy who thinks he's too cool and manly to care for his family.
Construction of absorbers off-site is one way that projects can control project resources, schedules, and labor.
So, in a perverse way, Time's tale of Willey's pregnancy lie actually tends to support her veracity when it comes to Clinton. ...
Therefore, classification of polytopic membrane domains into families gives us another way to look at the distribution and functions of integral membrane proteins in genomes.
The senators have made it plain, to anyone who is listening closely to their "Senatespeak," that they will do it their way .
In the process, he has paved the way for a trial that will be longer--a month, apparently--but still limited.
The WP off-lead reveals that the FAA, which recently decided to overhaul the way insulation on commercial airliners is tested for flammability, received warnings about its test's unreliability as far back as 1988.
I am writing to ask you, as a business leader, to invest in our community by contributing to this partnership through United Way of Central Indiana.
In some ways, in fact, you could say that major league baseball wasn't really integrated until the Boston Red Sox--the last team to integrate--signed Pumpsie Green, a mediocre-hitting utility infielder.
On the other hand, millennial melancholia has a way of being wrong.
By the way, speaking of columnists, where has the New York Post 's Joey Adams "Just for Laughs" column gone?
Social changes also began to revolutionize the old way of life.
The new probe design also provides a way to reduce background by rendering unused probe inert.
to decide a case in one way rather than another.
One way this makeover is to be accomplished is by changing the school's handle from the University of Chicago to just "Chicago" (to identify the school with the hit Broadway musical, perhaps).
Private gifts are the only way we can meet the expectations of such an environment.
Brady made his way to New York City, and by 1843, five years after Daguerre announced his new invention, he was already active in the slightly disreputable trade of photography, manufacturing the leather and metal cases for holding daguerreotypes.
Hot Zone author Richard Preston, the Alfred Hitchcock of germ terror, has described murderous jungle viruses this way: "The Earth is mounting an immune response against the human species.
However, it is not known if informed and control outlets differed in other ways not measured by the study team, such as receptivity to being educated by a wholesaler.
As every good copywriter knows, one of the most effective ways of drawing the attention of newspaper readers to a consumer advertisement is to juggle cleverly with the shape and meaning of a familiar idiom or set phrase.
They should give us a break," which was odd in two ways.
2. Run hmmbuild -o A' on A , using the same options as were used to build the original Pfam HMM for A , resulting in alignment A' . (HMMER's construction procedure slightly modifies the input alignment in ways that are usually unimportant, but which matter to bootstrapping in RIO.)
Increasing national saving is an important way to bolster retirement security for current workers and to allow future workers to more easily bear the costs of financing federal retirement and health programs while maintaining their standard of living.
He has a way of coming up with a quick summary of complex proposals that clarifies and nullifies them in one stroke.
Most people are fine with it, but a few (always men) choose to act out in spectacularly inappropriate ways.
In a way this essay is complimentary.
Traveling south from Stella Maris you’ll pass uninhabited mangrove swamps on the way to the small town of Simms, an unhurried old settlement known for its distinctive straw-work, which craftswomen are delighted to show visitors.
Because Eleanor, in her own patrician way, had behind her the authority of what our grandparents called the School of Hard Knocks.
Another way of saying this is that much of the Web is not really wired to think the way most political people think--which may be a good thing.
May there be new ways of thinking of the cosmos itself?
The two conserved sequence motifs involved in ATP binding do provide a link between eukaryotic GshBs and the ATP-grasp superfamily, but it is rather tenuous, as it is possible that these sequences provide the best way to bind ATP within the context of this structural fold and have evolved by convergent evolution in eukaryotic GshBs and the ATP-grasp superfamily members.
By my reading, Brill does not document a single error of fact made in the national publications he analyzes--the New York Times , the Washington Post , Time , and Newsweek --and he presents only a few cases in which any of them even misplayed a story in a significant way.
This is the way organism is transcribed in the key; but the text itself shows a full schwa, which indicates that perhaps Wells vacillated on this point himself.
But she's shown absolutely no traction so far, and if the next 11 months go the way I expect for the GOP, she's gonna have to pull a rabbit out of her hat to win.
The only plus about cell phones is the way they make their owners look like the rest of the folks who shuffle around the park talking to themselves."
But while B2B businesses will probably migrate more quickly, and while obviously there's a lot of business that will always be offline (unless we figure out a way to get a virtual haircut), it's illogical that B2B on the Web will explode while B2C will remain stagnant.
Gary Bauer will be matched with your pro-life, creationist views the same way Leave-In Conditioning Spray will be recommended for your dry, frizzy hair.
By the way, it's USAT that makes it clear that this unrestricted resolution means any subsequent impeachment inquiry might include an investigation of Clinton's 1996 campaign fund-raising.
A more productive way for L.A.
One of the most pleasant, exotic ways to arrive in Lombok is on the Bounty and Mabua Express ferries.
The comic books, Faison says, "drip with so much political venom that they capture the labored nature of the campaign [against Hongzhi] in a way that verges on parody."
As a result, 60% of our budget comes from United Way of Central Indiana, 10% from schools, and the remaining 30% from the generosity of business, our own fundraising activities and individual gifts.
My name will in no way be attached to it.
If the number is familiar to you, this may help to decide which way you're going to play it.
The critical assumption used in the EPA analysis is that program spending affects both supply and demand technologies in a way that interacts with the emission caps that are to be imposed in 2007.
De Hooch deploys several sources of light casting shadows every which way.
Turning to ways of assessing the quality of completed case studies, we have provided guidelines for reviewing case study reports in appendix III.
None of this coverage mentions a simple way CBS could have been much more convincing on this point: donate all ad revenues produced by the show to charity.
As our culture becomes more and more private--as video replaces movies the way movies replaced theater, as e-exchanges replace phone calls the way phone calls replaced talking over the back fence--we might find that our most powerful relationships are with figures in movies and television and our own fantasy lives.
In the absence of an omniscient central planner, though, the way to get better investment is to get more investment.
Each nation values liberalism in a different way.
A 12-year-old watching this sequence in isolation might say that the violence is "cool," in a low-tech sort of way.
More important, all the different ways of using your intellect in different institutions, for different audiences, in different social circles, with differing degrees of self-consciousness, do not, it seems to me, produce the kind of person you can shoehorn into a single group.
No way I'm showing you mine until you show me yours.
The U.S. government must find a way of pooling intelligence and using it to guide the planning of and assignment of responsibilities for joint operations involving organizations as disparate as the CIA, the FBI, the State Department, the military, and the agencies involved in homeland security.
On a different subject, it's going to be a shock to environmental economists--who have spent decades arguing that one good way to control pollution is to create a market in emission permits--to learn that this is an idea unique to bionomics and totally at odds with orthodox economic thinking.
Other drugs for the hyperhungry are on the way.
The major advantage of a PBPK over a simpler 2 or 3 compartment model is that, presumably, it returns a higher resolution view of the way the body handles the drug.
But Leonardo was not a genius the way Einstein or Galileo was.
"We should do everything we can to get this resolved and find a way to have [Saddam Hussein] removed from office one way or another."
When Kendall asked why Starr's team conducted these briefings on background rather than on the record, Starr explained, "We do not want to in any way be part of [the] story."
Put another way, population heterozygote advantage may appear due to a combination of the two distinct mechanisms we defined in the Introduction: the protective or detrimental effects of particular alleles (R and S alleles in our model), and the effects of heterozygosity itself.
Though I have no way of knowing whether either name is genunine or assumed, it occurs to me that if one wanted to assume a name, more euphonious choices might present themselves.
The key challenge facing planners in the state is finding a way to increase funding in order to significantly expand the capacity for services.
It's a great way to keep up with the world and impress your friends with how busy you are.
There are several excellent places to stop and catch your breath on the way up, including a teahouse, a former concubines’ residence, and an emperor’s temporary living quarters.
A distraught Murphy proclaimed the original version of the famous maxim: "If there are two or more ways to do something and one of those results in a catastrophe, then someone will do it that way."
The article mentions that Bush Sr.'s glow of popularity has rubbed off on his son, but never considers that it might be the other way around.
They should "pull a Sister Souljah," loudly distancing themselves from a cultural figure on the far right, and start oozing compassion (one way to do this: "heartwarming stories about children with fatal diseases").
Kraut, by the way, or so the Post informs, is "professor of social psychology and human-computer interaction" there.
Almost every city in America has a publication like this, a paper that is parochial in the best possible way.
But that also means that when confronted with the choice between doing a little extra digging and writing his way around a problem, he chooses the latter every time.
The preceding discussion indicates that the resistance competition assay is consistent with other measures of phage performance in vivo and provides specific insights not easily obtained in other ways.
Indeed, if you read the official reports of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, that's the way they portray things.
After presenting his own version of what the charts should have looked like, Tufte writes, "There are right ways and wrong ways to show data; there are displays that reveal truth and displays that do not."
We're asking for a contribution in the amount of because you can't got a better bang for your buck than to support an organization that impacts so many lives in so many ways.
One way to think of these results is that myosin-II might diffuse into the new cortex volume as the cell increases its surface area and myosin-II in the thick filament form is then recruited to the furrow cortex.
Robert Wise's 1963 original, based on Shirley Jackson's The Haunting of Hill House , is overrated, but it manages to evoke the eeriest aspect of Jackson's fiction: the way the characters' neuroses acquire an inexorable life of their own and threaten to eat them alive.
Although the NYT 's off-lead reports that any U.S.-Iran thaw is still a long way off, LAT 's front, and inside stories at all the other papers, report that Iran's president Mohammed Khatemi told reporters yesterday that the fatwa issued against Salman Rushdie for blaspheming Islam was "completely finished."
He wore outrageous clothes and quipped his way across the States.
It should not be too difficult to get things your way.
What it boils down to is whether we need to replace the Hand-Holmes-Brandeis way of maximizing the benefits of free speech in a democratic society, which tries to push the state as far out of the picture as possible, with a different way, which tries to get the state farther into the picture.
Try to get him to see a mental health professional, using the argument that his behavior goes way beyond not being in a celebratory mood.
Since she has not, until this moment, shown interest one way or another in her inherited religion, her sudden zeal to abandon it seems clumsy on Begley's part.
Given the new discount selected, the leaving shift volume can be calculated in the same way as in the above example on profits.
But one thing's for sure: They're all going to have to refer to The Sopranos now, the way The Sopranos has to refer to The Godfather.
If you want to get out on the water under your own steam rather than on a lake ferry or steamer, there are a number of ways to do it.
The Christian Reconquest, which sought to drive the Muslims out, was under way in the north by the ninth century.
But People's Carol Sarler argues that writing the book constitutes child abuse, in a way: "[T]here are forms of abuse other than the violent or the sexual.
Lukas' book runs afoul of this conventional wisdom in two ways: first, by describing a world (as Woody West complains in a dismissive review of Big Trouble for the Weekly Standard ) in which there was "no middle term" between plutocrats and wage slaves; and second, by appearing to ignore what West contends is "the most remarkable fact of the capital consolidation of those years, especially in the West: the permeable nature of 'class' in America."
There was really no way to preserve it from the Communists in the long run, so it would be better to look the other way if the Russians or Chinese tried to take over.
Gender identity comes either from the effects of hormones on the brain or from the way people are treated as adults, or both; childhood nurture makes little difference.
After hours of discussion, the high court agreed that raising the registration fees would be the best way to address the declining revenues, Chief Justice Moses W. Harrison II said.
In the original model of motion detection, direction selectivity was proposed to arise in several consecutive processing stages [ 43, 44]: In the first step, the retinal luminance levels of adjacent photoreceptors interact with each other in a nonlinear way after one of them is temporally low-pass filtered.
The planning processes under way across the country have required a tremendous expenditure of time and energy, as well as actual out-of-pocket costs for staff, planning consultants, and other expenses.
The inspector general of the Justice Department found significant problems in the way the 9/11 detainees were treated.
And every bacterium whose molecules wiggle in a useful way that turn out to detect a source of energy or danger or opportunity in some novel fashion tends to be selected for that novel functionality.
Your figures for the Vancouver study are correct, but there is no way to know if the number of users would have gone up without a needle exchange.
"We couldn't really find a technical way of doing it," Morris says.
Kasparov reacted by reaching deep into the sports-cliché moan bag, maintaining that he had been cheated by some kind of backdoor playmaking help from the IBM team, that the real Garry Kasparov hadn't shown up at the match ("I was not in a fighting mood"), and that his coaching had been bad ("my biggest mistake was following the advice of computer advisers who recommended I play this way").
(Actually, some of the bombs were pretty good movies, like Wolf and Remains of the Day, while others, like the much-maligned Last Action Hero with Arnold Schwarzenegger, were failures in an interesting way.)
Say this for Lucas, he doesn't whip up a lot of bogus energy, the way the makers of such blockbusters as The Mummy (1999) and Armageddon (1998) do.
The Wall Street Journal reports that China has banned a kind of foreign joint venture that was the principal way such telecommunications firms as Sprint had begun gaining entry into Chinese markets.
While most people want to believe that God created us one way or another, few can swallow the literal creationist reading of the Bible, which holds that the earth is less than 10,000 years old.
How many will feel this way?
So that leaves me without much in the way of research as I try to comment on the day's events.
This phenomenon could unravel in a similar way to that described in the article: As the polls drop a little, the pressure to agree with the majority decreases, and the numbers have the potential to drop precipitously.
But because it is put forward by a fatuous Charleston, S.C., college professor, we hear it for what Horwitz rightly calls it: "a clever glide around race and slavery, rather like the slick-tongued defense of the Southern 'way of life' made by antebellum orators, South Carolinians in particular."
Even when our start-up friends go out on their own, they are doing it because it's the only way to get things done.
Is there any way the "wealth" that people are spending in their minds can be spent in reality--that is, converted into goods and services?
His "better way" is to let citizens sue the government for making mistakes in its quest for evidence.
I mainly notice that things have come a long way since I was 8. Classic figure skating is now complicated by the development of sensational ice dancing in several categories.
according to Hoyle according to/by the book, according to/playing by the rules, absolutely correct, cricket, in point of honor, on the square, proper/correct way to do things.
It's possible there will be no way out for Russia because of that strain of wild fundamentalism.
You're not having it both ways; you're being considerate.
Our approaches are not the only way for agencies to proceed, but they can help others identify ways to address their individual human capital challenges.
The important thing is to realize that it's way past time to move it.
"Loopholes in the travel ban wide enough to sail a cruise ship through," not to mention the attraction of taboo, encourage Americans to explore any of a catalog of ways to get to Cuba: enlist as an educator or researcher, sail in from Key West, or fly in from Canada or Mexico.
Within a given federal agency, the management reforms now under way may spring from various sources.
But even if you do feel yourself superior, you can still learn to behave in a way that is not offensive.
Later, my distress hit home in a personal way when I discovered than an expectant mother who lived just a few blocks from my house in Marion County - a young, unmarried woman just like Cecilia -- had difficulty obtaining prenatal care.
Al Gore Jr. has outdone his senator father in the calculus of political achievement, but the veep is stiff and awkward and dutiful in a way that his impulsive, backslappy dad never was.
2) The Arizona Cardinals made the playoffs for the first time in 16 years by winning their final game the same exciting way they won three other games down the stretch: on a field goal as time expired.
"I mean, this is a potential abuse of the American system on behalf of an Indonesian billionaire in a way we have never seen in American history."
Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan applauded the first idea but shot down the second, on the grounds that making the government a shareholder in companies would create dangerous conflicts of interest both ways.
Notwithstanding these successes, the equal justice community in Maryland has continued to look for ways to expand and improve services to clients.
NASA is advocating an "Interstate Sky Way" to ease traffic jams.
In this way, programs that take race into account can be demonized as violations of King's memory.
The study population is in no way representative of all females with diabetes, although the age and racial distribution of participants reflected that of the participating clinics.
But the snake, though limbless, can drive a car or a train or maybe a private jet or something right over any damn poor people who get in its way."
Canal tours reveal a less grand but more intimate face of Paris on the way from the center to Parc de la Villette (see page 72) in the northeastern outskirts.
In a better world, Loury would have spent the last 22 years devising policies--working with other well-intentioned people to come as close as possible to squaring this circle, finding ways to eliminate the legacy of past racism with as little intrusion as possible on the colorblind ideal.
The water bustles with pleasure boats and ferries, and you can cruise all the way to Spandau and Potsdam from here.
Equally stylized in its way, kabuki is filled with fantastic color, movement, action, drama, and comedy.
MEDACV values were then computed from the simulation results in the same way as for the experimental data in Figure 3.
By the way, the NYT states the Republicans plan to pay for their health insurance initiative with revenue raised from higher cigarette taxes, with or without the passage of a comprehensive tobacco settlement.
Dear Andrew, Re marriage gay and straight: of course I can have it both ways.
The way of life here in the early 20th century was detailed explicitly by Gerald Brenan in his book South from Granada.
The way is simple.
Then again, maybe a lot of people don't feel the way I do about it.
Some--including, in recent days, the Republican nominee himself--are drumming up scandal in such a biased and hypocritical way that they risk sacrificing both their credibility and their dignity for the sake of a lost cause.
Reno has apparently construed this ambiguous provision in the only way one sensibly can.
In a variant of the tale, a young woman and her baby son are captured by a bear and taken to live in a cave where the son grows up learning the ways of the bear.
Money problems proved costly to Bin Ladin in other ways.
Plus the Times seems to be getting worse, playing to its target NPR demographic the same way NBC Nightly News plays to geriatric women.
So the Republicans played it both ways.
And for now the only practical way to enforce health standards on the product is to enforce sanitary standards on its production.
A flamboyant New Yorker, her unconventional ways scandalized the Boston Brahmins on more than one occasion.
Participants are invited to devise other ways to achieve that goal.
We'll toast your safe return to New York with a "Sloe gin (That's the way it) fizz" (complimentary, I hope).
Hence, it became more probable that specific pairs of spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes might become linked in a variety of ways, capturing the energy resources of the spontaneous processes that could then flow in constrained ways into the nonspontaneous processes to yield novel consequences.
But Monica is road kill here, and Walters the latest in a series of hit-and-run drivers, and there is something sickening about the way we have watched this woman be knocked down again and again and again, yet still feel the need to vilify the object of our voyeuristic pleasure.
Some motioned us on our way with chartreuse-chimneyed flashlights.
But Woodward wrote the passage in an annoying way that didn't really establish whether he was or he wasn't seeing a shrink, and seemed designed mostly to allow Woodward to take credit for the scoop if some other drudge came along and actually nailed it, while also covering Woodward's ass if it turned out not to be true.
Here, also, the town tycoons transact business in the civilized Spanish way: over Sherry or brandy.
There's an anything-goes quality to even studio pictures that suggests an impatience with old ways of telling stories--a desire to create a new syntax to capture a new kind of flickering consciousness.
On the NYT op-ed page, Maureen Dowd seconds this opinion--albeit in her inimitably waggish way.
Although John Carter never made it in Hollywood the way that his cousin in the jungle jockstrap did, it is worth reviving him to make a point.
But I don't think preferences are the right way to get there.
The Times reported that Human Rights Watch endorsed the China deal, but failed to point out that the organization is conditioning its support in the following way:
Nevertheless, this would not, in any way, change the bUSM proposition as the sole difference between sparse and compact representations concerns the binary representation of each symbol, u 
the need to assess the impact of various efforts IRS has under way to reduce filing fraud;
In many ways the city has never recovered from Hideyoshi’s subsequent decision to move the national capital from Kyoto to Edo (now Tokyo) in the early 1600s — a blow compounded by the young Emperor Meiji shifting the imperial household to Tokyo in 1868.
Slate proudly announces Slate Explorer, a new way to navigate through the delights of slate.com.
ORFs related in this way are not necessarily orthologous, however, as paralogous genes may exist and are also identified.
It is admirable that you regard responsibility in a different way than the three boys you write about.
Reality, though, must come into play, and in cases such as this there will always be a way for the outré remark to become known.
The WP lead details much local ferment about the way the Seattle police handled the anti-WTO demonstrators and the NYT inside has an excellent up-close on some of the self-proclaimed anarchists thought to have been responsible for much of the violence and destruction on Seattle's streets.
Along the way, you’re sure to discover places you never knew existed in Jamaica, worth an hour’s visit or several days of exploration.
The NYT says the success of the anti-bilingualism measure will pave the way for similar "assaults" on other such programs around the country.
None of this nonmedical and simply silly analysis should blind the public to what happened in reasonably clear terms: An irresponsible boxer, motivated by fear of losing, took the easy way out, which entailed, he correctly anticipated, relatively few negative consequences.
As Ben Yagoda writes in the New York Times Book Review , "somewhere along the way, Kidder must have decided not to write a book about Tommy O'Connor."
The alleles of TAB2, TAB3, TAB5, TAB6, and TAB7 (see Table 2) were assigned this way.
3) Abubakar is such a nice guy he must be a puppet for other, meaner generals who will cancel or annul the elections if they don't get their way.
Problem 1: The Monica Lewinsky business happened to become public due to the interplay between sexual harassment (the Paula Jones lawsuit) and the special prosecutor, but there are many other ways it might have done so.
The post-Soviet seductress is unconvincing in a new way.
"I think that would be the only way for an 8-year-old child to hear such a name," Culeman-Beckman told Chatterbox.
In particular, the identities of five Antennapedia -like homeobox genes have been disclosed from both our and the Spanish asexual strains [ 11 26 ] . These findings imply that PEVE may affect other asexual strains of planaria, thus paving the way for the development of transgenic planaria using the planarian viral sequences as vectors for introduction of exogenous DNA into planarian cells.
In Fowler's Modern English Usage one of the more intriguing entries is Legerdemain in Two Senses . Under that heading he points out the sneaky way in which one word is often two-faced in the sense that its first meaning gets switched when it is used the second time in a sentence.
Although almost all dictionaries are organized alphabetically, there are many ways to look at lexicon, and the analytical categories set forth by Pfeffer and Cannon in this book are interesting and useful.
On the other side of Grafton Street, leading into Dawson Street, the Royal Hibernian Way is a small shopping mall with some exclusive shops.
When I interviewed Klein for my piece about the Microsoft case, he singled out Brian Arthur as the economist who has most influenced his thinking about the way in which high-technology markets operate.
Obviously, one must be careful: few people would want to have to say that they live on Hyena Highway or Anteater Avenue or Vulture Drive; but Coyote Canyon Drive offers some alliteration, Chipmunk Way sounds cute, and who could object to Raccoon Road?
If GC content were an artifact of selection for a particular codon or amino-acid usage, there would be many different ways of arranging the codon frequencies to get the same GC content.
Pera seems to have no understanding whatsoever of what Nabokov was up to in Lolita , and so cannot begin to re-imagine his story in any meaningful way."
The Honorable Bill Archer Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives
The Impressionists have trained our eyes to see the modern world of work and leisure in a certain way and in a certain--natural--light and to think that it is a good thing to banish myth from modern painting.
Most of all, Virginia wrote, supporting herself with a brutal workload of reviews, dreaming of delicate but radical new ways to tell a story.
According to the front-page "Work Week" column in the Wall Street Journal , workplace equality still has a way to go when it comes to job-related injuries: 71 percent of the nation's nearly 32,000 cases of carpal-tunnel syndrome involve women, but of the 11,308 amputations, 90% involved men.
DNC Chairman Andrew writes off GOPnet as "a way to raise money."
In the art business, old ways die hard.
Final warning: If your computer fails to work the way it used to even after returning the components, I can't help you.
So goes Brian De Palma's Snake Eyes , a thriller of serpentine excitement all the way up to that dud of a climax.
The model used extends multiple logistic regression with an estimated "over-dispersion parameter" in two ways [ 20 ] . First it allows the relationship between the covariates and input to the logit link to follow a smooth, not necessarily linear curve.
The essential reason they get this way is that as youths they channel their mental energies into a particular area--film, computers, politics--at the expense of learning social conventions.
Unfortunately, there is no way one can determine the answer without having the 1984 edition to hand.
The road up Pulchowki is gravel or worse much of the way, and is only driveable during the dry season.
With absolutely no malice aforethought (honest, it's just happened this way), Moneybox this week has been devoted to the thoroughly scintillating issues of double-parking and corporate accounting.
For instance, studies from two laboratories reported marked differences in the way the β 2 -adrenergic receptor (β 2 -AR) activates ERK 1 and 2 in HEK-293 cells.
Charismatic personalities combine transcendent beauty, glamour, or talent with accessibility, providing a way in for people eager to identify with a higher being.
Most of the organizations are continually looking for ways to improve their IT measurement systems as a means of supporting achievement of organizational goals.
Meanwhile, the Times --already under attack for failing to cover Murdoch's cancellation of a book contract with the former British governor of Hong Kong Chris Patten --had tracked down Murdoch, in a car on his way to a British airport.
For La Honda director Hank Menzinger, it's a way to change the world without doing the actual work himself.
I found the basic setup--that Michael has no inkling of Gina's family ties--implausible, since where I come from you don't ask a woman to marry you (you don't even get past the first date) until you've explained to her the ways in which your family screwed you up and have expressed tender sympathy for the ways in which her family did likewise.
Look for this study to be used by tobacco manufacturers in an attempt to whittle the cost of any state or national tobacco deal, even though it merely illustrates the truism that dying of old age is the most expensive way to go.
The monograph concludes with a chapter on therapeutic friendship, dealing chiefly with Johnson's attempts to steer Boswell into a more sensible way of life and behavior.
But as the parent of an only child, I can verify that people do behave that way.
A Helms spokesperson, says the Times , responded this way: "Senator Helms would never suggest doing anything harmful to farmers in Indiana."
) Chatterbox would think that part of the burden of working at the Nixon Library is conceding that Richard Nixon, while no doubt misunderstood in many ways, was one wicked anti-Semite.
Regardless of when you studied in Greencastle, the fact is that the only way we can keep up with changes of today's world is to possess the energy and the ability to continue learning.
They made their way to Wilmington, North Carolina, the closest Confederate port to Bermuda.
The drama comes from the way Shawn craftily shifts your sympathy back and forth among characters.
Instead, as Lyon and Hafner show, the Net was built because the federal government needed a way for all the incompatible computers being used for government research to communicate with each other.
High officials should be able to buy their way out of misconduct.
The way it works is this: after completing an article, chapter of a book, or whatever it is that I am working on, I press a few keys and the program automatically scans every word of text, comparing each with a “dictionary” contained in the program.
Reading the document in this way enables us better to understand Lincoln’s posture toward abolition.
The WP sums up discussions among alliance members concerning what to do about the failure to bring accused Bosnian Serb war criminal Radovan Karadzic to justice this way: "They refused to propose any changes in the mandate of the NATO-led peacekeeping force to hunt down Karadzic and others who are wanted to stand trial at the Hague war crimes tribunal."
(Microsoft, by the way, publishes
We plan on extending this project in two ways.
When merged together in different ways, the prototype structures yielded a group of candidates.
The result, as the Justice Department would have predicted, is a robustly competitive magazine market in which Time and Newsweek actually, in some ways, surpass Slate . Circulation, revenue, ad pages, and profitability are a few of the dimensions in which, quite frankly, we are somewhat behind, although we lead in other important measures such as number of readers with Slate -logo umbrellas.
The story features one of Washington journalism's time-honored ways to positively cram one pound of information into a ten pound sack: call Norman Orenstein of the American Enterprise Institute.
Our method provides a new way to establish functional linkages between distant coevolved gene clusters on the chromosome, enhancing the ability to assign gene functions consistently in a broader genomic context.
It's as if, having lost the Melfi method of making Tony seem human, the writers have struck on another way to do it: play him off someone really angry and crazy, so that the Soprano MO comes off as sanity itself.
There are now improved ways to monitor microbial signatures and metabolic processes that are indicative of life in soil [ 35 36 37 ] . The fact that spores appear to survive for many decades and perhaps hundreds of millions of years in earthly systems further supports the possibility for survival of similar life forms on Mars.
Like all other dental schools, Indiana University School of Dentistry is carefully re-evaluating its programs and planning ways to better serve the dental community.
By the way, an old corporate pro once told me never to discuss anything of importance in a bathroom or an elevator.
Now this well-timed new book should put him way ahead.
The field of genomics has been expanding at a rapid pace since the annotated Escherichia coli K-12 genome was published in 1997 [ 1], with the current number of published genomes exceeding 66 and with another 364 on their way according to the Genomes OnLine Database (GOLD) [ 2].
The best way to ensure good seats for the top attractions is to picnic on the grass before the show begins.
That was our way of showing, to ourselves especially, that we were intimates of those eminent locations.
We believe that expecting readers to share the cost, as they do in print, is the only way serious journalism on the Web can be self-supporting.
[In] certain ways I stood behind her [to] make sure she was doing the right things.
And you know, if there is a better way to become a part of the life of a complete stranger than to own their baby clothing, it can only be to own their spatula.
Sarah: You have to check out Praise . It's a remarkable piece of work that hasn't been picked by Miramax because there's no way Gwyneth Paltrow could be shoehorned into it.
I didn't really want to talk about East Timor, by the way.
This ancient ritual is meant to pave the way for a good harvest, with branches of hollyhock to stave off thunder and earthquakes.
And they neglect, through ignorance or overconfidence, to take the elementary precautions that would guard against such lapses: above all, to mark up their scripts, the way actors do--inserting a vertical pause here, or a curving tonemarker there, or an underlining to cue emphasis, or three dots to indicate a dying fall...
A third way that large libraries are often dereplicated requires submitting the sequences as batch files to a database (either local or remote), then searching the same sequences against the updated database using BLAST or Sequence Similarity http://www.cme.msu.edu/RDP/docs/sim_matrix_issues.html.
The way to win is to shoot pars--on the fairway, on the green, two-putt for par, go to the next hole.
Intratracheal instillation of elastase in rats creates a form of panacinar emphysema that in some ways more closely parallels the human disease than that created by instillation of elastase in hamsters.
However, as even the British spell this word the US way now, the best examples of current US/non-US dichotomies in the use of the digraphs can be gleaned from the world of medicine and science, as in gynœcology/gynecology, hœmatology/hematology, œsophagus/esophagus, œstrogen/ estrogen, cœsium/cesium, œdema/edema, œstrus/estrus, pœdiatrics/pediatrics .
The guerrilla warfare of manners that Eleanor waged--showing up in public with Mary McLeod Bethune and Walter White, turning the White House into a place where black people were routinely seen coming in and going out the front door--may have been the most effective way to strike against racism at a time of severely limited options.
But even at his most glibly nihilistic, in A Clockwork Orange , Kubrick foresaw the punk movement in a way that makes the overused term visionary seem an understatement.
Even better, find a way to share such information with other organizations and federal agencies.
Unlike Levi's, Guess has made its way in the world by subcontracting out production work, violating minimum-wage and maximum-hour laws, and suing everyone in sight.
The message to Latino voters and politicians, by the way, is: "Take it or leave it.
As summarized in Table 2, two way ANOVA revealed that the activities of SOD, CAT and GPX were not significantly altered in the liver or colon due to the consumption of FOC or of supplemental Vitamin E for two weeks.
KING: Were you wrong when you went that way as a New Jersey senator?
In a macabre way, one might take heart from the news that books could still be perceived to have such an impact; my own cynical view is that had it not been for the attention drawn to it by the fatwah, Satanic Verses would not have had much effect and would have been long forgotten by now.
Architectural style, in Blondel’s sense, describes the way that something was built.
Not all Republicans think this way.
Since that time, Indianapolis has grown in many ways.
Don't you think everyone would feel better if there were an agency that could actually step forward and say, "We are now officially in a correction," the way the government does with recessions?
Do what you're good at (kind of like the way the Markoe family dogs focus their energies on eating food).
In some ways they don't gel, in others they harden into cement.
The conventional wisdom was that it took six months to a year for a Fed rate hike to work its way into the economy, which makes sense since raising or lowering interest rates generally isn't like slamming a door open or shut.
Weird and wonderful rock formations, and steep cliffs that glow orange at sunset, have made them some of the most photographed in Europe; head for Praia de Dona Ana and Praia do Camilo, both small, pretty, and crowded (street signs indicate the way to each).
Both right-to-die opponents and right-to-die proponents have found ways to embrace the study.
From the monastery make your way along the south coast road — a couple of kilometers (3/4 mile) inland — for an interesting tour.
This is further evident, the editorial says, in the way Clinton has brushed aside Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu since Wye.
Either the author lost his way or, as often happens, the (original, probably Australian) publisher was dissatisfied with a shorter book for which less could be charged.
Most do, of course, use them that way.
My invariable reply is that the only genuine way to increase one's vocabulary is by reading, reading, reading.
(I don't know that I'd call Linda and Paul, world-class celebrities and millionaires many times over, "bourgeois," exactly, by the way.)
Cultural festivals are one opportunity, but the better way is at a private wedding or feast day when the performances are set in their true context.
I do not deny that this was the perfect way to sell the movie, considering the scary witch story behind it; however, I think James Surowiecki is missing the whole point.
First impressions as you make your way towards the inner sanctuary are of the Beulé Gate, a Roman addition of the third century a.d.
A chronological structure would have directly juxtaposed Jespersen with Woolf and then enabled the reader to find a way through the developments in the debate, giving a more coherent picture of the broadening issues.
It is quite firm about the r -sound when it follows a vowel-sound or is at the ends of words, not dropping it as is usual with the RP but insisting that it be given full value, in various ways, as it is in Scots and Irish and, generally but not always, in the speech of most Americans except for those in New England and the South.
Currently we do these two different ways.
Who'd have thought that Mamet was secretly in love with the well-carpentered, '40s and '50s drawing-room plays of the terribly English Terence Rattigan, whom the Angry Young Men of the late '50s loutishly blew off the boards--thus paving the way for Mamet's expletive-laced theater games?
Clinton, in particular, loves this sort of thing as a way of achieving a national goal without costing taxpayers any money.
The Guardian said that "Russia's anger over NATO's recent actions in the Balkans is in many ways justified and since it is not understood, is the more likely to have broad, negative consequences for the West's dealings with Boris Yeltsin and, more particularly, his successors."
Considered likable and charming, Johnson and Isaacs were, in a small way, the Carville and Matalin of that period: the hot political couple.
Iverson has done jail time and is famous for employing his talent in awe-inspiring ways that do his team little good.
Bad companies are already being subsidized in this way, and to the extent that the larger economy is any kind of commons, indexing is undermining it.
Since Slate's founding, way back in the mists of 1996, its e-mail address has always been slate@msn.com.
It's hard to appreciate today just how novel both Mundell's statement of the issues and the way he tried to resolve them were at the time.
Start in the middle, at the oldest, then work your way east before returning to the historically later caves at the western entrance.
However foolish their 1956 conspiracy with Israel to recapture the Suez Canal, the U.S. decision first to vote with the Soviets to condemn them at the United Nations and then to apply what Gaddis calls "crushing economic pressure" on their currencies was hardly a collegial way to run the alliance.
Our perhaps that was our way of dealing with nuclear waste.
Strategic thinking about the most effective way to achieve results for clients
Then we parted ways, the list of the sick scrolling through my head.
But if the father's way is wrong, the son's way is dangerously out of touch: It condemns before it understands.
The only guaranteed way to get a bead on players is to watch for betting patterns to emerge.
And the only way I have ever enjoyed eating fish is deep fried in batter, wrapped in newsprint.
But the most effective way to quit is to save your money and go cold turkey.
In that enterprise, a little economic theory goes a long way.
My boyfriend, by the way, says the decision is mine.
The pool of potential athletes has expanded in other ways, too.
The standardization of the way dictionaries estimate how much they contain need not, and should not, entail the standardization of what they contain.
I was also lucky to see Batman Forever in more pleasant surroundings than the New Times Square--in a high-modern movie palace in Helsinki, with an audience of hip Finns who giggled at subtitles that seemed to go their own way from the script.
Gottlieb's piece, in an easy-to-follow way, demonstrates Crook's argument that, if you value a firm by discounting its earnings, and all earnings are not paid out in dividends, then you are double-counting.
Your final number would be suspect in a hundred ways.
This is the only implicit criticism of Thurmond, who voted the other way, but it is stated in entirely positive terms.
Candida vaginitis [ 3 15 16 17 18 34 ] . While asymptomatic infection is not equivalent to disease, antibiotic use may act to alter the vaginal microenvironment to facilitate Candida colonization in the same way it is hypothesized to promote VVC.
By the way, this drama makes Prudie feel clairvoyant, because she answered the young man who wrote that his in-laws would not step foot in his home: "There is some little missing piece here."
I merely predict that sometime in the coming generation, profanity will return in a meaningful way.
All very useful given the right time and place, although Which way is the wind? and Can they hear us from here? might be better left unsaid.
The imposing Arts Centre, in spacious gardens off Jalan Nusa Indah at Abiankapas, some way out to the east, has a permanent exhibition of paintings and woodcarvings and an arena for dance and drama.
To see the main attractions of St. Thomas it’s best to head directly north up into the hills; you’ll be able to enjoy the beautiful views back towards Charlotte Amalie along the way.
Yes, Russell Long, the son of Huey Long, the flamboyant populist governor of Louisiana immortalized in All the King's Men . In the 1970s, Russell Long was anathema to most liberals, who viewed him as the major roadblock in the way of a more generous welfare state.
But there are other, better ways of transmitting the official White House line, contend Ann McDaniel (CBS's Face the Nation ) and George Stephanopoulos (ABC's This Week ). Stephanopoulos argues that the White House would not needlessly admit the existence of presidential love gifts, thereby undermining the Story of the Seventh Commandment that it is peddling.
Crockett said legal help gives domestic abuse survivors a way to rebuild their lives.
In the P. medicaginis interaction library, we might expect the same bimodal distribution as seen with P. sojae . However, the two libraries were prepared in different ways.
However, since there are a total of four payoffs that can overlap in this way, there are three separate inequalities where a rank change can occur.
This genuine thoughtfulness also extends to visitors; someone will always go out of their way to be helpful, in ways that have been lost in more developed locations.
LSC also suggested that the planners develop ways to involve more clients and community representatives in the planning process and develop plans to expand their funding base.
That way, Chatterbox figured, he'd have answers for both Bradley partisans (who are likely to view any alteration of the raw LCV scores with suspicion) and Gore partisans (who are likely to view comparison of the raw LCV scores as simplistic and unfair).
Such measurements generally rely on mercurials to perturb AQP function, but mercurials can act in a nonspecific way on membranes and proteins, and not all AQPs are mercury-sensitive, so this is not sufficient.
He has found his mission in preserving what matters in our culture, and in standing in the way of attempts to coarsen and reduce it.
Rather than focusing our attention on the establishment of universally applicable rules of grammar as a way to make a more democratic society, we might better develop a more holistic, semiotically based curriculum that points our young in the direction of clear thinking.
This way: hot pants?
•Formentera, Ibiza’s diminutive neighbour just one hour’s ferry-boat ride (or 25 minutes by hydrofoil) to the south, is an island apart — in some ways more like a desert island than a satellite or outpost of Ibiza.
Since procedural niceties seem arbitrary and irrelevant to fact-finding, there is little motivation to enforce the rules, and people often find ways of bending rules that they regard as arbitrary and silly.
He misdirected us, and so we came By a long route, which took us through a caveFilled with the lapping of a distant wave.Our confidence already on the waneWe wandered, wondering, ever more in wantOf knowing where the true way really went.
Or, to put it another way, in the sense of asking an entirely different question: Is it really a requirement of sophistication that a place provides good bookstores, movies, plays, museums, music, cuisines, and an opportunity for erotic and intellectual freedom?
He says the obstruction of justice charge is still volatile, and that she, by being convincing one way or the other, can prevent the proceedings from being decided on something other than a party-line vote.
From the retailer’s point of view, the only way to mitigate the effects of increased demand uncertainty is to have frequent replenishment opportunities, in which replenishment orders can be filled by manufacturers with very short lead times.
The Xerox Corporation, recognizing the potential danger of success, has in the past gone out of its way to protect its right to the words it owns.
Visitors stop here on the way to the little town of Gora, to catch the cable car to Sozan and from there the gondola ride up into the mountains and across the smoking, sulfurous Owakudani valley.
I'm sure he's wise to the ways of Clinton and his handlers.
I like the way this man thinks!"
Of course, one way that performers assist the aging process is by playing roles that give their features and emotions a workout.
Quick primer on the Third Way: Blair says it is a union of democratic socialism and liberalism ("Our approach is neither laissez-faire nor one of state interference").
But there is ultimately no way to make government by the people truly be government for the people.
Pacers guard Mark Jackson explained Bird's hands-off style this way to the Denver Post : "You don't have to tell Chris Mullin how to come off a pick.
They are capable of reinforcing one another in a number of ways. (p. 23.)
But he might have an even better case based on the way the Bush campaign has harassed him.
It's "a sure-fire way to fall behind," he explains, using the language not of a pulpit but of a Planned Parenthood clinic.
That Speakermania grips the papers this way shows they're a bit out of touch with what seems to be the point of last week's election results: the public doesn't care about what Washington cares about.
Starr-gaysing . The WP carries a piece way inside with the suggestion that some of Kenneth Starr's investigators recently asked Bob Hattoy, a gay Clinton administration official, if he had been successful hiring homosexuals in to the government.
In the third stage, which began in 1991, the high court has eased the way for schools to be released altogether from desegregation decrees.
There are a lot of offensive words in the language, but far worse are the offensive ways in which people put those words together to express offensive ideas.
If you want to explore on your own, rent a car and drive round the harbor and its monumental grain elevators on the way to Cape Merry for a good view of the fort, especially at sunset.
The issue: Should we improve our appearance in a small way for the majority, or avoid a major problem for a small (but vocal) minority?
Blair insisted on finding out why they really lost, and in this way arrived at a victorious campaign."
Nixon: Either way, either way, the, the, the informer is not wanted in our society.
The ability of the case study to capitalize on insight, to shift focus as the data demand, and to let disparate pieces of evidence fall into place in ways that are not always easy to describe or command is believed to yield a richer, fuller, and truer explanation of why things look the way they do than the more limited number of tests of a priori hypotheses that other methods use.
The paintings and drawings are grouped in such a way that we follow Close's progression from the black-and-white enlargements of the late '60s to his puzzling attempts during the '70s to reproduce in paint the chemical process by which Polaroid cameras make color images.
They counted on the studios to produce it in a reliable way.
Think High Noon by way of Scorsese, with a touch of Peyton Place . (I could also cite Carl Franklin's One False Move and Tony Richardson's The Border --but the list of influences would run as long as this review.)
The DJIA starts today at a record high and the papers' consensus is that this is due to the three Federal Reserve interest rate cuts, increased merger and acquisition activities, and a general sense that the global economic crisis is on its way to being handled.
She just has this hunch that For The Love of the Game will turn out to be a pitch-- Bull Durham meets Tin Cup --that mistakenly found its way to film.
BRADLEY [ Yo Sam, thanks for overplaying your hand, as usual, with rudeness ] : Well enough to answer this question the way I want to answer it.
In his State of the Union address, he announced that the Department of Justice would sue cigarette companies to recover Medicare costs of smokers, a backdoor way to have the courts increase federal tobacco revenues without going through Congress.
She hears the sum offered for the factory and refuses to allow Bunt's concern about the future of the business or his burgeoning romance with Mei-ping to stand in the way of her plan to return to England and live in comfortable solitude with him.
So the effort to bring legal services to those who could not otherwise afford them began in a small way.
In an interview Thursday with Yediot Aharanot , Israel's new prime minister, Labor Party leader Ehud Barak, thanked Tony Blair for showing him the way to his election victory.
And keeping investor expectations moderate is a good way of making sure you meet those expectations.
The term usually appears expanded in one of two ways: univited sexual advances and unwanted or unwelcome sexual advances . The distinction is significant.
In a way, this is not a dodge.
But a post-election poll by the Wirthlin Group showed one in nine voters claimed the Internet "influenced" the way they voted.
One way of putting some of these racquet games into sharper focus would be to minimize use of the words paddle and racquet . To the layman, terms like paddleball, paddle tennis, racquets, racquetball , etc., just fuse into a blur.
Army buddies say he took some risks, but was kept out of harm's way by Army brass and never saw combat.
The location of the knife anywhere on the table can be precisely controlled by a computer, allowing it to cut its way along the silhouette of the patterns.
She has a brief epilogue in which she admits that her anti-consumerism conflicts with it but does it in a way that demonstrates that she hasn't resolved the problem.
And the way she looked was beyond compare implies that the girl's appearance was unique.
ALL OF THESE PEOPLE RECEIVED MUCH-NEEDED HELP, BECAUSE PEOPLE LIKE YOU GAVE TO UNITED WAY OF CENTRAL INDIANA.
Isn't it a little surprising that the papers don't mention the similarity to the way Richard Nixon got his house with a little help from his rich friends?
Our approaches are not the only way for agencies to proceed, but they can help others identify ways to address their individual human capital challenges.
So Anderson turned around and wrote up the encounter, in a way designed both to deflate his own persona and to make sport of Kael's infirmities and memory lapses.
Affirmative action in its current guises is unlikely to be the best or even a good way forward; but the consequences of simply eliminating such programs are sure to be mixed.
During the Stone Age, these early farmers devised ways to make axes and other tools from the harder rocks in the area, and as time passed, permanent settlements began to be established in this sheltered backwater.
In a smart-alecky kind of way, I said, quoting Heraclitus, "You can't step in the same river twice."
"We have got to manage the House in a much different way," he said.
Like the Ming Tombs, the Eastern Qing Tombs are entered via a long Sacred Way, lined with 18 pairs of stone animals and court officials.
There’s no better way to get the special feel of Los Angeles than by heading right down to the beach, because in L.A. the beach is not just for holidays and weekends — it’s a year-round playground, community center, gymnasium, solarium, and singles bar.
He's a very big man, and he just had his way.
In this view, phages could be considered as a powerful way of inventing new genes potentially beneficial to their hosts.
Stripped of their powers of volition, they become "no more than dolls set on tabletops, the springs in their backs wound up tight, dolls set to move in ways they could not choose, moving in directions they could not choose, ...
The dog that did bark but no one noticed--the political turmoil in the three great South Asian nations of India, Pakistan, and Indonesia, which now are well on the way to passing the three northern Asian nations of China, Japan, and Russia in population (Indonesia is fourth, Pakistan just passed Japan to seventh, India will soon pass China to first).
Eventually, his forced resignations from the Truman and Eisenhower administrations led Rockefeller to turn to elective office as the one way of establishing an independent base.
For Rostenkowski, who is referred to only as "the Illinois Democrat who headed the Ways and Means Committee in 1990," being treated by the Times as an authority on politics, rather than as a news story himself, marks a giant step.
This is the kind of news day when it's nice to be USA Today . Because that way, you don't have to lead with a proposed youth health insurance plan (today's New York Times ), with the European Union's acceptance of the Boeing/McDonnell Douglas merger (the Los Angeles Times ), or even with Newt Gingrich seeking calm among House Republicans (the Washington Post ). You can lead with Andrew Cunanan.
It was the only way veterans who didn't have two nickels to rub together could own a home-- no down payment . Mortgages ran about $57 a month.
Although we have not given the alumni and donors at large the opportunity to participate in the giving of awards for students, we would like to this year as a special way for you to respond to Herron's 90th anniversary.
It lingers sourly but not in quite the ways anyone expected.
But in a way Redstone's "content is king" refrain seems a bit old-school next to the "distribution is king" refrain of Mel Karmazin, who is head of CBS and will be the operational head of the new Viacom.
He celebrates a universe that has found its equilibrium and the easy way in which it rights itself when a nasty bit of flotsam threatens to throw it out of whack.
Franklin Park was the jewel in the Emerald Necklace, the last in a 7-mile (11-km) network of parks designed by Frederick Law Olmsted that run all the way from Boston Common.
